THE

SCOTS MAGAZINE.

MDCCLXXX

VOLUME XLII

Ne quid falsi dicere audeat, ne quid veri non audeat.

EDINBURGH:

Printed by A. MURRAY and J. COCHRAN.

<snip>

THE

SCOTS MAGAZINE.

JUNE, 1780.

CONTENTS.

Ao accotm of the late Tumults. A dread of Popery the origin 181. Protestant association exhort to unanimity and firmncG ib. Meeting of this affectation in Coachmaker’s hall 18a. Advertised to meet in St George's Fields ib. Notice given to the Commons by Ld G, Gordon of his intentions *83. Procession from St George’s Fields ib. The members of parliament groftly abused ib. Ld G. Gordon’s behaviour in the House *84. A letter of Lord Stormont *8j. Lords debates ib. An address agreed to *88.

Hiitort 1771. America: Difficulties encountered by the British army in its march from Philadelphia to New York *89. Philadelphia evacuated in a critical time *93. M1 S L a H D w 1T i’s obdinate virtue a 94. America* Loyal refugees to Ld G. Germain *94- and to the King *9$. Pro-feriptions a 96.Depretiation of the con* grefs paper ib. Saratoga officers may be exchanged *97. Virginia council on the (late of affairs ib. A pacific proclamation

by Gov. Robertson of New York ib. Joy of the Americans 00 the difeontents in Ireland 199. Congress join in Popish rites at a funeral 300. Col. Hamilton hanged by or* der of Gen- Lincoln ib. Successes of the King’s troops in S. Carolina 301. ——« Two naval engagements by Adm. Rodney 303. Law-opinion concerning St Vincent’s 304. A British proclamation in 1717, to which the French refeript in 1778 is a comraft ib.

Montagu, a whim Gcal anecdote 303.

Mr Smelt’s fpccch concluded 305.

A private letter of Bp Botler 308.

A new method of Root-grafting 308.

Parliament. Commons on crown-in-

fluence 309. On producing accounts of public money paid to members ib. On rendering a feat incompi'ible with certain offices 310. On disqualilying revenue-officers to vote at elections 31*. On pro-roguing or dissolving the parliament 313.

Poetry. Serj. Bradshaw to Mr Dunning 319. On a.late altercation 3*0.

Historical Affairs 3x1.---33$.

HHM HHH *♦* < H4H4 M4444

yf* account of the rift prngrefs the

late tumult in Lnndont &c.

A Dread of Topery’s being encouraged, has given rile to afibciations for the security of the Protestant religion. Of f»me of these, JUord George Gordon, I brother of the Duke of Gordon, and a mtmber of parliament, was chosen pre-fident. A repeal of the act passed in 1778, for relieving Pnpifts from certain 1 penalties and disabilities [40. 393.], wa* the object of these affbeiations. — The following notice appeared in the papers,

Protestant Association. This is to give notice, that, in com* piiance with a petition addre fifed to the Picfident, the committee have resolved, f Vql.XLII.

c

that there shall be another general meeting of the Protellants, before the London petition is preferred to the House of Commons.

The petition will not be presented this week, but will be kept till towards the close of this session of parliament, to give time for similar petitions from oilier parts of England, Wales, and Scotland, to be presented before it.

All the true friends of Great Britain, and of civil and religious liberty, arc exhorted to unite in support of the Tio-testant interest before it is too late; for unanimity and firmness in that glorious cause can alone prote<5t us from the dangerous confederacy of Popish powers, if we unite, like one man, for the honour of God, and the liberties of the N n people,

*81 An account of the tumults in London, Ac. Vol. 42;

people, we may yet experience the blessing of divine providence on this king* dom, and love and confidence may again be restored among brethren. But if we continue obstinate in errors, and spread idolatry and corruption through the land, we have nothing to expert butdivision a-xnong the people, distraction in the fe-nate, and discontent in our camps, with fill the other calamities attendant on those nations whom God has delivered over to arbitrary power and defpotism.

G. Gordon, President.

Welbeck Street, London May 8.

Those of London and its environs who with the repeal of the late Popish bill, are desired to Ggn the Protestant petition, which they may have access to at the Prc-fident’8 house in Welbeck street, every day before four o'clock.”

In pursuance of an advertisement, dated, May 5. a meeting was held, and its proceedings appeared in the papers, viz.

Protestant Association.

Monday evening [May 29.] the meeting of the Protestant Association was held at Coachmaker’s hall, pursuant to public advertisement. At half past Gx o’clock the hall was quite full, and exceedingly crouded. Lord George Gordon took the chair exactly at seven, and addressed the meeting for near half an hour. His Lordship observed, that the Popish bill was carried through both Houses of Parliament with such amazing rapidity, that the people had not time to form an opposition, or to make themselves acquainted* with the pernicious consequences that must attend its passing into a law; that the indulgence given to Popery by the repeal of the act of Wil-V ^lit. Was inconliftent with the princip.-i jf liie Resolution, had a tendency to endanger the fucccflion in the House of Hanover, and threatened deftrndtion to the civil and religious liberty of this country. His Lordship read an extract from a Popish catechism, just published by a Popish printer in Grosvenor square, and JifperfcJ among the ignorant and unthinking part of the community; Pke-wife an indulgence granted by the Pope, this present year, to his Holy Catholic subjects and laints in this heretic country: and from these publications his Lordship bid the people form an idea of the rapid and alarming progref9 that Popery was making in this kingdom; and the only way to flop it was, by going, in a firm, manly, and resolute man-

ner, to the House, and shewing their representatives, that they were determined to preserve their religious freedom with their lives: that, for his part, be would run all hazards with the people; and if the people were too lukewarm to run all hazards with him, when their conscience and their country call them forth, they might get another President; for he would tell them candidly, that he was not a lukewarm man himself, and that if they meant to spend their time in mock debate and idle opposition, they might get another leader. This speech was received with the loudest acclamations of applause 5 and his Lordship then moved the following resolution: “ That the whole body of the Protestant Aflocia-tion do attend in St George’s Fields, on Friday next, at ten o’clock in the morning, to accompany his Lordship to the House of Commons on the delivery of the Protestant petition which was carried unanimously, with repeated burftsof applause. His Lordship then informed them, that if less than 20,000 of his fellow-citizens attended him on that day, he would not present their petition: and for the better observance of order, he moved, that they should arrange themselves in four divisions; the Protestants of the city of London on the right, those of the city of Westminster on the left, the borough of Southwark third, and the people of Scotland resident in London and its environs to form the last division; and that they might know their friends from their enemies, he added, that every real Protestant, and friend of the petition, should come with blue cockades in their hats. This also passed unanimously; and the meeting adjourned to Monday the 12th day of June.”

Another advertisement was forthwith issued, viz.

“ Protestant Association.

Whereas no hall in London can. contain FORTY THOUSAND MEN,

Resolved, That this Association do meet on Friday next in St George’s fields,. at ten o’clock in the morning, to considerof the most prudent and respectful manner of attending their petition, which will be presented the fame day to the House of Commons.

Resolved, for the fake of good order and regularity, That this Association, on coming to the ground, dofeparate themselves into four distinct divisions, viz. the London division, the Westminstet;

Jane 1790. An account of the tumults in London, 28^

division, the Southwark division, and the with an intent to breed a riot among the Scotch division. Protestants, at their intended peaceable

Resolved, That the London division and lawful meeting this day, in St do take place upon the right of the George’s Fields, in the most humble ground towards Southwark, the Weft- manner to attend their worthy Prefi-minster division second, the Southwark dent Lord George Gordon, with the division third, and the Scotch division Protestant petition, up to the Honourable upon the left, all wearing Blue Cock- the House of Commons, it is requeued, ades in their hats, to distinguish them- that Protestants who may receive insults selves from the Papifte, and those who from any of those attending for the a-approve of the late ad in favour of Pope- bove purpose, will not of themselves rely. sent it, but cause them to be given up to

Resolved, That the Magistrates of the civil power, with as little confusion London, Westminster, and Southwark, as possible, (a number of magistrates and are requested to attend, that their pre- constables attending for that purpose)* fence may overawe and controul any ri« in order to their being prosecuted with otous or evil-minded persons, who may the utmost severity of the law. wiih to disturb the legal and peaceable You are again. Gentlemen, exhorted, deportment of his Majesty’s ^Protestant as Protestants, and the most loyal fub-subjedb. jeds of his present Majesty, King George

By order of the AiTociation, the Third, whatever riots or confusion bmdom9Mayi9. G. Gordon, PreC” may happen amongst the spectators, to Lord George Gordon gave norice in keep your ground in the properdivisions; the House of Commons, May 30. That, peace and good order a great deal

00 the Friday following, Junea.befhould depends.

have the honour of presenting to the Between eleven and twelve they set House the petition of the Protestant Af- off, marching, the great body, fix a-breast, fodations of London, Westminster, and over London bridge, through Cornhill Southwark, praying for a repeal of the and the city, another body over Blacks late ad in favour of Popery in England, friars bridge, and a third over Weft-He acquainted the House, that the minster bridge, to the amount of about whole association proposed to assemble 50,000, some say 100,000 persons, with in St George’s Fields, and to accompa- banner, flags, pennants, See. and the ny their petition to the House, in the Protestant petition, of an enormous size, most humble, decent, and respectul carried on a man’s head in front of the manner. proccfiion, in their way to Palace-yard.

In the morning of Friday, June ». a The procession was so extensive, that great number of persons, with blue cock- when the first part reached Westminster adea in their hats, met in St George’s hall, the last row was advanced no far-» Fields. A tailor was employed to tack ther than the comer of the Old Change, together the different skins which had It was remarked, that the part of the been signed by the petitioners, compo- procession which was preceded by the sing a very large roll. They separated highlander and bag-pipers was orderly; into four divisions; the London, the but that the people who went before the Westminster, the Southwark, and the affociators, to dear the way, had the a-Scotch. With the last there was a High- sped of abandoned vagabonds, lander, in his country-drcfs, his sword Between two and three they surrounded drawn, and followed by a pair of bag- both Houses of Parliament, announcing pipes. Lord George Gordon joined them their attendance by a general huzza, about eleven. His Lordship addressed They immediately became disorderly, the several divisions; told them he would treating the members with the greatest in-go, and wait for them at the House; folence and barbarity.— The Archbishop requested they would go round London of Canterbury had his wig pulled off, and bridge, and proceed through the cities his canonicals torn to pieces; the Arch-of London and Westminster to Palace- bishop of York was stopped, and grossly yard; and then went into his carriage.— abused; the Lord President Bathurst Peaceable conduit Was recommended by was pushed about in the rudest manner, the following hand-bill. and kicked violently on the legs; Lord

M As there is great reason to believe, Mansfield's wig was pulled off, and dash-that a number of Papists will assemble, cd in his face; Lord Stormont bad wa-

N n a ter

284 An account of the tumults in London, Ac. Vol. 42*

ter spouted in his face; the.Duke of Northumberland had his pocket picked of his watch; the Bilhopof Litchfield had his gowo torn; the wheels of the Bishop of Lincoln's carriage were taken off, his canonicals were torn, he was (truck at repeatedly, and in all probability would have been destroyed, had he not escaped i?to the house of Mr Atkinson an attor* ney, and escaped over the leads of an act* jacent house, after having changed his cloaths, the mob having been then permitted to search the house for him, as they said they were determined to cut the sign of thecross in his forehead; the front-lass of Lord Trentham's vis-a-vis was roke, and his Lordship grossly insulted; Lords Hillsborough, Townfhcnd, Willoughby de Broke, Button, Alhbum-ham, St John, Dudley, and many other Lords, were grossly abused; Mr Wel-bore Ellis was pursued to the Guildhall, Westminster, the windows of which were broke, and Mr Ellis was roughly handled: but his R. H. the Duke of Gloucester, the Dukes of Devonshire, Richmond, and Roxburgh, the Earl of Shelburne, Lord Camden, the Bishop of Peterborough, and many other patriotic noblemen, bad their carriages conducted with great respect to the door of the House.—The mob filled the lobby of the House of Commons, and pressed so violently against the door, that the members might truly be said to be closely blocked up: and they followed the Lords to the door of the House; but were there rc-pulsed by the wife precautions of Sir Francis Molineux.

Intelligence having been brought into the House of Lords, that Lord Bolton was in the power of the mob, Lord Radnor proposed, that some Lords should go down, and extricate his Lordlliip; Lord Townlhcntl offered to be one of the number; the Duke of Richmond offered to go also, but said, if they went as a House, the macc ought to oe car* ried before the learned Lord on the wool-sack, who Oiould goat their head; Lord Mansfield expressed his readiness if their Lordiliips thought it proper: but at that moment Lord Bolton got into the house, his hair all dilhevclled, and his cloaths ail bedawbed. — The Earl of Shelburne blamed administration for not having taken proper measures 1o prevent a tumult, as the advertisements calling the people together bad appeared in the news papers some days before; and in-

sinuated that it was a government-mob.

Lord Rayensworth said, the advertise-roent for the people to assemble in large bodies, in which the name of Lord George Gordon bad appeared, was pu-Wilhed some days before; and ought to have been immediately proceeded on. Lord Bathurst observed, that the mob had ill-treated more Lords in administration than in opposition: was it likely they would have done so had they been the mob of administration ? Lord Hills-borough said, that orders bad been sent to the magistratesof Westminster, warning them of this mob, and directing them to be io the way to quell any tumults. But Mr Sampson Wright, and another justice, laid, they bad neither received nor beard of such an order.*-Lord Mansfield, by order of the House, directed the two justices, to godirectly, and try by every possible force they could collect, to difperie the mob, and to come back and report. The justices on their return reported, that they had gone to Guildhall, Westminster, and that the mob bad so!-. lowed Mr W. Ellis thither, and had turned out Mr Addington and the constables; adding, that the mob was too large for them and the constables to be. able todifperfe. Lord Denbigh said, if the civil power were unequal to the talk, the military ought to be called out* and put under the authority of the civil power. Before nine o'clock the Lords adjourned to the next day.

In the House of Commons Lord George Gordon came several times to the top of the gallery, and harangued the mob. He told them to be decent and orderly; at the same time to keep to their purpose; to insist on an answer to the petition that night; for that Monday would be the King's birth-day, and probably the parliament might be prorogued on Tuesday, the day to which it was intended to adjourn the consideration of the petition, and then there would be an end of the affair:—“ Gentlemen, (said his Lordlliip), the alarm has gone forth for many miles round the city; you have got a very good prince, who, as soon as he shall learti that the alarm has fuzed such a number of men, will, no doubt, fend down private orders to his ministers to enforce the prayer of your petition." Mean time the chaplain of the House told Lord George, that all the fatal consequences that might happen that night, would lie entirely at his Lord ship's

June 1780. An account of the tuuiults In London, &t. 265

Lord ship’s door; Gen. Conway asked him, if he intended to bring those men into the house ? the members would defend the door with their fworda; and Col. - accosted him thus: My

Lord George,* do you intend to bring your rascally adherents into the House of Commons ? If you do,—the first man of them that enters, I will plunge mv sword, not into his, but into your body. This dismayed Lord George not a little. —About r.inc o’clock the horse and foot guards arrived: the former were placed in Palace-yard; the latter lined all the avenues to the House of Commons; and a captain’s guard was placed in the court of Requests. After this no mischief cn-sued. —- Almost the whole time the House (at whs taken up in debating about the mob. At last Lord George presented the petition; and moved, That it ihoold be then taken into consideration. But another motion was made, for postponing the consideration of it till the Tuesday following; and upon a division, the numbers were, For postponing 182, Against it 9. These nine were. Sir P.

Jen. Ckrke, Sir Mich. Le Fleming, Sir ames Lowther, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Ir Polhill, Mr Tollemache, Earl Vcr-ney. Lord George Gordon, and Aid. Bull. At eleven o’clock the House adjourned; and the mob being by this time gone off, the guards were ordered away. About ten o’clock the mob paraded in differentdivisionsfrom Palace-yard. Part weot to the Sardinian ambassador’6 cha-broke open the doors, pulled down the rails, feats, altar, See. carried them to the street, laid them against the doors, and set them on fire, by which the chapel was entirely consumed, and the house over the gateway much damaged. The mob would not suffer any body to extinguish the flames. About eleven the guards came, and seized several of the ringleaders. Another party broke into the Bavarian ambassador’s chapel, demolished it partly, and carried off the box which contained the poor’s money. Here they were interrupted by the military, and thirteen of the rioters seized. They broke also into the houses of the Bavarian and Sardinian ambassadors: three of the rioters were taken in the latter. Great depredations were likewise committed in and about Moorfields.

On Saturday, June 3. little or no dif-

turbance happened. — An official letter was Cent to the Lord Mayor, viz.

“ Mv Lord (St James's, J3. 1780.

My L.ORD, ,4 M

As information which I have received, gives me reason to apprehend, that tumults may arise within your Lordship’s jurisdiction, I think it my duty to convey to you immediately this information. I cannot too stronglyf recommend the matter to your Lordship’s attention; and am confident, from your known activity, that you will not omit any legal exertion of the civil power which may contribute upon thi9 occasion to preserve the public peace. 1 have the honour to be, my Lord, your Lordship’s most obedient humble servant,

Stormont.

The Rt Hon. the Lord Mayor.”

Thirteen persons who had been taken up the evening before, were this day examined, at Sir John Fielding’s, by Justices Wright, Addington, &c.; of whom eleven were committed to Clerkenwell prison, and two were admitted to bail.

In the House of Lords, this day, the Earl Bathurst, President of the Council, made a pathetic speech on the indignity offered to that House by an insolent mob the day preceding. Some Lords (he fakl) had been torn from their carriages, and absolutely robbed; a Noble Prelate had been obliged to take (belter in a gentleman’s house, to change his cloaths, and escape over the tops of the houses; for thirty of the rioters broke into the house, and searched every room in it for the Bishop, menacing him in the most horrid manner. Not content with this and other outrages, they had proceeded at night to the houses of some of the foreign ministers; had insulted them, and set fire to their chapels; by which they Had brought disgrace upon this country. His Lordship, therefore, thought it impossible for the House to proceed to any other business till they had taken proper measures to restore their dignity, to provide for their safety and tranquillity, and to maintain the honour of the nation in rel'ped to the security of the rights and privileges of foreign ministers. He trusted their Lordfhtps would not suffer an idea injurious to their justice, their respect for foreign states, and their regard for the laws of nations, to go abroad; and he had not a doubt, but every Noble Lord who heard him, felt his indignation rife as high as he did: he was therefore satisfied that they would ail readily concur

with

2$ 6 An account of the tumults in London, &c. . Vo!. 42*

with him in a measure which he intended to submit to the House; a measure the more necessary, as the spirit of rioting was not extinguished. Their Lordships could not suppose, that outrages would be committed only on one fide; for there were whispers, and something stronger than whispers. that on that very night another description of mob fired by re-fentment, intended to rife, and retaliate. Government had already taken every precaution to prevent the perpetration of such outrages as had, on Friday night, dtfgraced the capital; but this was not sufficient: it was necessary to make some examples, that the multitude might learn, that however great their numbers, they must not expect that impunity should attend the violation of the peace and quiet of the community. For this purpose he Called upon their Lordships to concur with him in the following motion: * That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be gracious-Jy pleased to give immediate directions for prosecuting, in the most effectual manner, the authors, abettors, and instruments, of the outrages committed yesterday in Old Palace-yard, Guildhall, Westminster, and places adjacent, and upon the houses and chapels of several of the ministers from foreign states.”

The Duke of Richmond admitted the motion to be very proper; but could not help thinking that ministers had themselves only to blame for the outrages committed. They had had timely notice of the meeting; and by neglecting to provide for the maintenance of peace and good order, they were responsible for those consequences which it was in their power to have prevented. The mob it-lelf was a Scotch mob, raised by a Scotchman, and had paraded like a Scotch mob, with bagpipes playing before them. And he was not a little astonished that the other House of parliament, in the midst of the confusion created among them by the mob, could fit, tamely, and forgetful of its dignity, and fufter the first mover of the whole disorder to walk in and out of the House, for the sole purpose of communicating to the mob the proceedings of the Commons, and acquainting them with the sentiments that each member had delivered respecting the petition, and thereby exposing to the fury of the multitude' such of the Lower House as had exprefTedthemselves unfavourably of the petition.With

respect to the motion, be concurred in it most heartily: he was not an advocate for rioting; and bad too great a respedk for the laws of his country, and the laws of nations, not to wish that the violators of both should be brought to condign punishment.

Lord Shelburne reprehended ministers for not having taken effectual measures to prevent the riots of the preceding day, which they might thank themselves for, because most clearly the whole was but a continuation, and comparatively speaking a feeble continuation, of the riots in Scotland upon tb^fame subject. The mob here had copied the mob there, but they had. been less violent and less excessive. Here a member of parliament, a gentleman of a Noble and distinguished family, had summoned the people together by public advertisement, printed in the newspapers, some days previous to the day on which the mob met. Government ought immediately to have taken notice of that advertisement, and to have prevented the mischiefs that threatened, from taking place. In Scotland the advertise-, ments for the mob to aficmble, and resist tbc act for repealing the former acts against the Roman-Catholics, bad been more in number, and had appeared earlier, and with greater authority. What had been the consequence? Government, instead of puoishing the magistrates of Edinburgh, instead of bolding up to the milled populace an example which would teach them in future to avoid a matter of such great danger, (for a matter of great danger it ought always to be), as opposing the laws, or riling in opposition to any measure which the wisdom of the legislature chose to adopt, had not dared to hurt a hair of the ri6ters heads; they had not dared to institute an enquiry; but had fallen in with the prejudices of Scotland, and had accommodated matters: they had done more;they had promised all that the zeal and enthusiasm of an enraged mob had prompted them to demand[41.109.]. This was the so.urce of the present mischief i Here it was that the public were to look for all the riots that had happened, and all the riots that would happen, in opposition to Popery ! With regard to the late act repealing certain points of feveri-ty, which had been established by former acts, *in times when matters with regard to Popery stood widely different from their present situation, it was an innocent

June 1780. An acount of the tumults in London, See. 287

cent ad, provided government had used that attention which it was at all times their doty to shew towards the conduit of the Roman -Catholics, but more cfpc-cuflf when, from having granted them fane indulgences, it waB natural to ex-pe& they would overleap the bounds which the repealing alt had left as limits to the exercise of their religion in this kingdom. When he was secretary of tare, intelligence was brought him, that a Noble Duke, one of the first nobility in the kingdom, bad not only built a new chapel for the exercise of that religion which he profefied, but had instituted a kind of academy or seminary for the e-docation of young persons: the moment be heard of it, he applied to the Duke; he told him, that if the seminary was not put an end to, he muff interpose his authority: the Noble Duke acted as became him; and the consequence was, the seminary was abolished inffantly, and no more heard of In a late instance, like-wife, he had been applied to by a Noble Lord of the Roman-Catholic religion, and told, that a meeting to difeufs religious matters had been instituted at Coachmaker’s hall, where such topics » were agitated as gave him reason to fee, the feeds of great popular tumult and disorder would be sown, if government did not take effectual measures to put a Stop to it. His answer to his informant had been, “ Go to government, apprise them as fully as you have apprised me of thecircumltaoces, don’t conceal a tittle of what you have said; and they can’t but fee their danger, and will, 1 make no doubt, take the proper measures for preventing it.”—Having acted in this manner, he thought hirofelf warranted to give government some advice jjow. In comparing the events of yesterday, } and the declaration of the justice of peace f at their Lordlliips bar, with what had fallen from the Noble Lord at the !* head of the council, it muff be evident [ to every one of their LordShips, that I the police of Westminster was an im-perfelt, inadequate, and wretched l'y-stem; the example of yefrerday pointed , it out as the first object of reformation, and

j IJicwed most forcibly that it ought to be entirely new-modelled, and that immediately. Let their Lordships recoiled what the police of France was; let them exa-! mineits good, and not be blind to its evil, t They would find itsconftrudion excellent, j its ufc ^nddireltion abominable. Let thorn

embrace the one and shun the other. The police of France was wife to the last degree in its institution, but being perverted in its use, its very merit became its mischief. — His LordShip then animadverted on the intentions of government with regard to prosecuting the rioters; they Should not confine themselves merely to wreaking vengeance on the poor deluded people who hadalfembled in the Streets. They were objects rather of pity than resentment; he had paSTed them with safety both in coming to and going from the House, and had listened to what they said. Their chief argument was, ‘4 No Popery ! we Shall be burnt; no more bonfires in Smithfield; let us have the Protestant religion, and let us have peace !” He added, that he looked in the faces of those who uttered, these sentiments, and he saw evident marks of Sincerity in their countenances; he saw that the people, from what motives he would not undertake to say, believed what they said, and ailed from that conviction. It behoved government therefore to conduct themselves selves with prudence; to distinguish between the efforts of religious opinion, however ill directed, however erroneous, and the violence of ill-intentioned men. Let them not madly hare recouife to the cutting knife: having the law in their power, and at their will, let them ufc it with caution, and at any rate accompany it with such other measures as would Shew a liberality of sentiment, and an equal readiness to enforce the claims of justice, and to do what was right in compliance with the wishes and petitfons of the people. Prosecution, however rigorous, however certain of effect, Singly, would do more harm than good; accompanied with other measures, it would prove equally wife and effectual. There were three subjects under discussion, each easy to be embraced, the punishment of the rioters, the repeal of the Quebec ad, and the regulation of the police of Westminster ! Take them up together, and there could be no doubt of producing all that sober considerate politicians could wifti for under the present circumstances

The Duke of Manchester wished for some explanation of the motion. The term outrages \va9 very extensive, he Should be glad therefore to know what fort of fads government designed to take notice of, and what those indictments

288 An accburit of the tumults in London, See. Vol. 41.

were which the Noble Lord had talked of: were the poor deluded people who hallowed out in the streets, “ No Popery !” to be profreuted on iodidtments for capital felony, or in what manner were they to be proceeded against

The Lord President said, that those persons who were apprehended in the Sardinian ambassador's chapel, in the ad of setting fire to the wainfeot, and such parts of it as they could not remove into the street, being apprehended in the fad of committing capital felony, would be prosecuted accordingly; and others as upon the examination of witnesses it should appear proper: but it was not intended to prosecute those who had only wore blue cockades, joined the mob, and called out, “ No Popery,” See.!

The Duke of Manchester only wiihed that government might not give occasion for any suspicion, that they had been under the influence of daftardnefs during the riot, and that, now the danger was over, they were actuated with revenge. His Grace said, he should certainly support the motion, because it appeared to him exceedingly proper, and indispensably necessary.

The Marquis of Rockingham supported the motion, but severely reprehended the inattention of ministers, who, having had the advertisement of Ld G. Gordon before their eyes for some days, did not take effectual means for preventing the assembling of such a mob. Every wife statesman preferred a preventive to a remedy, and the chief use of the authority office gave, was to intervene in great cases, and forerun mischief. When he was in office, it happened that while he was in the country, intelligence was brought him that a bellman of a neighbouring village had delivered hand-bills about for a considerable extent of country, summoning all persons residing in that district, to meet on an appointed day in the market-place at Pontefradt, in order to prevent by force the price of corn from being raised. This intelligence was no sooner given him, than he rode seventeen miles from Wentworth to a justice of peace who lived near the bellman, and directed him immediately to issue his warrant for apprehending the bellman, and if it should appear on his examination that he had delivered any such hand-bills, to commit him to York castle. The justice took his advice; and there was no mob: for the moment they

heard that the bellman who had fom-moned them together, was in York castle, they were afraid of being sent thither like wife, and therefore never went to Pontefradt. The fame fort of conduct ought to have obtained in this case. Lord George Gordon should have been proceeded sgainst, and his loud-tongued followers would have been appalled. He had heard the mob call out, “ No Popery ! ” and clapping his bands to his watch to secure it, he had felt several hands directed to it; it was pretty obvious therefore what some of the mob came for.”

Lord Mansfield having put the que-ftion, it carried turning disjenthnti.

Administration having been blamed for not preventing the mob, by giving early notice to the magistrates; and Mr Wnght, one of the justices of Westminster, who, the ministry said, had got stich notice, having, the day before, in the House of Lords, denied his having received such notice; the subject was resumed this day. On a motion by Lord Shelburne Mr Wiight was ordered to attend; and at Lord BathurfPs desire, Mr Chamberlayne, Solicitor of the Treasury, was likewise sent for. Mr Chamberlayne informed the House, that he went with a message from Lord North to Sir John Fielding, on Thursday, whom he found at Brompton; and Sir John told him, he would be in town early the next morning, and appoint proper persons to attend in St George’s fields, to give him intelligence if there was any appearance of disturbance, and he would take measures accordingly. Mr Wright gave a clear account of his conduct, and satis-fitd the House, that he had not heard of any orders from Lord North; but that be had come to Westminster on Friday from his own wishes to preserve the peace. But it was said, that there were two of the name of Wright in the commission.

As little or no disturbance happened this day, sober people were rejoicing, that the zealots for religion had exhausted their rage, and that peace and good order were again re It ore d: but those who first kindled the fire, seeing the feeble attempts that were made to oppose them, resolved to spread the flames far and wide, in order to make the conflagration subservient to their own purposes of plunder.

[To bt continued.]

HU

June 1780* HHVory iyjii America; i8p

History 1778, continued.[*38.3

America continued.

If any strong hope of success in the negotiation had remained, the evactia-I tion of Philadelphia, and the consequent retreat of the army to the northward. Just at the arrival of the Commissionerv, would have compleatly frustrated them. Commissioners accompanying a retreating army, which was in the act of abandoning the principal advantage of two ! years war, could not promise themselves a great superiority in any treaty; and the more advantageous the offers which they should make in such circumstances, the more their conceifions would be considered as proofs of weakness, not of '. good-will. This' measure was carried into execution on the 18th of June, and the whole British army passed the Delaware on the fame day, without interruption or danger, under the excellent dispofltions made by the Admiral, Lord Howe, for the purpose.

Wafhiirgton, having penetrated into the intention of abandoning Philadelphia! had already sent Gen. Maxwell with his brigade to reinforce the Jersey militia, in order to throw every possible obstruction in the way of the British army, so that, by impeding their progress, he might himself be enabled to bring up his force in such time as to profit of those opportunities, which, it was well to be supposed, so long a march through so dangerous a country would have afforded, of attacking them with great advan- tage. This detached corps and the mi-I litia, did not, however, efle# any thing j more of importance than the breaking ( down of the bridges; the great superio-; rity of the British force having obliged them to abandon the strong pass at Mount Holly, without venturing an of-position.

The British army, notwithstanding* encountered much toil, difficulty, and numberless impediments in their march* They were encumbered with an enormous baggage, including provisions; the number of loaded horses and wheel* carriages being so great, as to cover art extent of twelve miles, in the narrow line of march which the nature of the country and roads afforded. This in* combrance, so far at least as related to the provisions, proceeded, however, from the foresight and wisdom of the \ General, Sir Henry Clinton: who being ' Vot.XLlI.

well aware, that the hostility of the country would cut off every source of subsistence from the troops which was not within their own immediate comprehension; and being also uncertain as to the delays and obstructions which might occur his march, was too prudent to put the fate of a whole army in any degree of hazard, for the trouble or difficulty that Attended the conveyance of a certain and sufficient supply. The heat of the weather, which was then excessive, with the-dofenefs of the narrow roads through the wood9, and the constant labour of renewing or repairing bridges, in a country every-where interfered with creeks and marshy brooks, were, all together* severely felt by the army;

From all these causes, its progress was exceedingly flow; and nothing less than these could have accounted for itsfpending so many days in traversing so narrow a country. When the army had advanced to AllenVtown, it became a mattet4 of consideration with the General, whe* ther to keep the direct course towards Staten island, across the Rariton, or whether, by taking the road to his right, and drawing towards the fca coalt, he should push on to Sandy-hook. He knew that the Generals Wafhingtoit and Lee, with the whqle Continental force on that fide, had already passed the Delaware; and be had heard that Gen# Gates, with the northern army, was advancing to join them on the Rariton. The difficulty of passing the Rariton, and the circumstances with which it might have been attended, under his incumbrances* in the face of an enemy, with other concurring causes, determined him to thtf right-hand course, as much the more c-ligible.

On the other hand, Gen. Wafbington* Who had erofied the Delaware far above Philadelphia, at Cory el’s ferry* attribu* ted, with his usual foresight and caution* the flow movements of the British army* to a design of decoying him into the low country, when, by a rapid movement orif the right, they might gain possession of the strong grounds above him, and so enclosing hi* army to the river, force him to a general engagement under every disad vantage. Under this persuasion, in which it is possible his sagacity deceived him, as the peculiar circumstances of the British army rendered it totally incapable of any such rapid movements as he apprehended/ the flowoel# on the one O 9 fide

\

*9Q Hiftoiyi77&

fide retarded the motions on the other.

It is, however, likewise probable, that Waihington reserved himself entire for the passage of the Rariton, which he concluded would have been their course, and which he knew would have afforded him great advantage in an attack.

But when he discovered that the British army had departed from its expelled line of direction, and was bending its way on the other fide towards the sea-aoaft, he immediately changed his fy-Item, and sent several detachments of ehofen troops, under the general con* dull of the Marquis de Fayette, to harass the army in its march, himself following, at a suitable difiance, with the whole force. As affairs grew more critical upon the near approach of the van of one army to the rear of the other, Gen. Lee wa9 dispatched with two brigades to reinforce, and to take the command of the advanced corps: which, by Washington’s account, amounted then to about 5000 men, although, from the several detachments which he specifies, it would seem to have been stronger.

Sir Henry Clinton, on the march to a place called Freehold, judging from the Biimber of the enemy’s light troops which hovered on his rear, that their main body was at no great difiance, judiciously determined to free that part of the army from the incumbrance and impediment of the baggage, which be accordingly placed under the conduit of Gen. Knyp-haufen, who led the first column of the army. The other, which covered the line of march, being now disengaged, and free for allion, formed a body of troops which could not easily be equalled, and was under the immediate command of the General. It was composed of the jd, 4th, and 5th brigades of British, two battalions of British, and the Hessian grenadiers, a battalion of light infantry, the guards, and the loth regiment of light dragoons.

On the morning after this arrangement [June 38.], Gen. Knyphauftn, with the Just division and the carriages, began at the break of day to move, duelling their 7 march towards Middletown, which lay ten or twelve miles on their way, in a high and firong country. The second division, under the commander in chief, continued for some hours on their ground in the neighbourhood of Freehold, both to cover the line of march, and to afford time for the chain of carriages to get olcJr on their way.

s America. Vol. 42*

Having begun to march about eight o'clock, some parties of the enemy which appeared in the woods on their left flank, were engaged and dispersed by the light troops; but as the rear-guard defeended from the heights above Free* hold, ioto a valley about three miles in length, and one in breadth, several co* lumns of the enemy appeared, likewise defeending into the plain, who about ten o’clock began to cannonade the rear.

The General at the fame instant received intelligence, that the enemy were diico-vered marching in force on both his flanks. He was immediately ftfuck, that an attack on the baggage was their principal objeH; and as the carriages were then intangied in defiles which continued for some miles, it seemed a mat* ter of no small difficulty to obviate the danger.

In this critical situation, the General, with great quickneL, and presence of mind, judged, that a vigorous attack and severe prefTure upon that body of the enemy which harassed his rear, would recal the detachments on his flanks to its affifiance, and seemed to be the only probable means of saving the convoy.

For although be had good information, that Gen.Wafiiiogton was at hand with his whole army, which be heard was e* ftimated at 10,000 men 5 yet, as be knew that his main body was separated from that corps which attacked Lord Cornwallis in the rear, by two considerable defile6, he was not apprehensive that he could pass a greater body of troops through them, during the execution of the measure which he intended, than what the force along with him was well able to oppose \ whilst, on the other band, even with that division of the ar* ] my, Washington’s situation would not be a little critical, if he should chance to come upon him when he was firtig-gling in his passage through the defiles.

Guarding, however, against every po£-fible result of the measure, and to be ia preparation for the event of a general engagement, he recalled a brigade of the British infantry, and the 17th regiment of light dragoons, from Knyphaufen’s division, and left direction for them to take a petition which would effectually cover his right flank, being the fide on which he was most jealous of the defigu of the enemy. In the mean time, the Queen’s light dragoons had, with their lifual spirit, attacked and routed the e-

nemy’s

J*oe l^So. History 1778: America. 291

nemy’t cavalry, wider the Marquis de Fayette, and drove them back in confo-fion 00 their own infantry; The General then made dispositions to attack the enemy in the plain; bat before he could advance, they fell unexpectedly back, nod took a strong position on the heights above Monmouth court-house.

The beat of the weather is in that season always inteofe; but upon that particular day was so exceflSve as to be fel-dom equalled, even in the sultry sum mers of that continent, so that the troops were already greatly fatigued. The fi-tuation of the army, however, rendered the most vigorous exertion necessary. The British grenadiers, with their left to the village of Freehold, and the guards on their right, began the attack with sech spirit, that the enemy soon gave way. But their second line preserved a better countenance, and refilled a fierce and eager attack with great obstinacy. They were, however, at length, compleatly routed: but in this exigency, with a very unusual degree of recollection, as well as resolution, took a third position with so much judgement, that their front was covered by a marshy hollow, which fearcely admitted the practicability of an attack by that way.

Sir Henry Clinton brought up part of the second line, and made some other dispositions to attack the enemy in this pod, and the light infantry and rangers had already turned their left for that purpose; but the army in general was now so overpowered by heat and fatigue, that, - upon confederation, he thought it better not to press the aifair any farther. He was also by this time confident, that the purpose which had induced him to the attack was gained, in the preservation of the convoy. A bold attempt of the enemy to cut off the retreat of the light infantry, rendered some new movements, notwithstanding the excelfive toil of the day. Hill necef-Cary. The army at length returned to that position from whence they had first driven the enemy, after their quitting the plain.

The General's opinion with respect to the design on the baggage, was justified in the event; and the propriety of his fnbfcquent conduct in attacking the enemy on that principle confirmed. Two brigades of the enemy's fight troops had pissed the army, one on each flank, in that view, and had actually made the

attempt; but by the good dispositions made by the commanders, the - firmness of the 40th regiment, and the ready fer* vice of the light horse, they were repulsed at the first onset; and the engagement in the plain then commencing, they were immediately recalled.

Sir Henry Clinton having now fully attained his object, (for the Generals Knyphaufen and Grant, with the first division and baggage, were arrived at Nut Swamp, near Middletown), could have no inducement for continuing m his present lit nation. The troops had already gained sufficient honour, in forcing successively, from two strong pofi-tions, a corps of the enemy, which, be was informed, amounted to near 11,000 men; and the merit of the service was much enhanced, by the unequalled circumstances of heat and fatigue under which it was performed. The enemy were much superior in force to the division immediately under his command; and if the equality had been even nearer, it would still seem imprudent to have hazarded an engagement at such a distance from the rest of his army, in a country not only entirely hostile, but which from its nature mull have been ruinous to firangers under any circumstance of defeat. And as the heat of the weather rendered marching by day intolerable, so the moon-light added much to the e-ligibility of the night for that purpose. Upon some or all of these accounts, the troops having reposed till ten o'clock, the army was again put in motion, and they marched forward to join their fellows.

Such was the detail of the action at Freehold, or Monmouth, as it is otherwise called, as given on our fide. The loss in (lain was not considerabte in point of number, but rendered grievous by that of the brave Col. Monckton. That gallant officer, who had frequently encountered death in all its forms, h~.d the fortune of being more than once grievously wounded, both in the last war and the present; and after the hairbreadth-escape of a recovery, when left among the dead on the field, was only reserved to be killed on this day, at the bead of the second battalion of grenadiers. This day and action were also rendered remarkable by the singular circumstance, unparallelled in the biftory of the new world, of fifty-nine soldiers perishing. Without receiving a wound, merely O 0 % through

2$&

History 1778: America.

Vol. 4*«

through the excessive heat and fatigue L treating corps hard pressed by the enc*

Several of the Americans also, inured as my; but, by forming them anew, un» they were to the climate, died through der the brave and spirited exertions of the fame cause. their officers, (as he fays), be soon

The Americans claim great honour checked the advance of the British for-to that part of their troops which had ces; and, having by this means gained an opportunity of being engaged in . time to plant fume batteries of cannon, this action. They likewise claim, and to bring up fresh forces, the engage? though without any apparent ground, ment hung in an equal poise. In this lithe advantage, as the affair now (lands; tuation (he continues), the enemy, find* but pretend that they should have gained ing themselves warmly opposed in front, a complete and decisive victory, if it had made an attempt to turn his left flank; rot been for the misconduct and difobe- but were bravely repulsed, and driven dience of orders of Gen. Lee. That of* back by fomc detached parties of infant* fleer had, some time before, by an ex- ry. A similar attempt on the right was change, obtained a release from his long repelled by Gen. Green; who after-confinement at New York; and, we wards, in conjunction with Gen. Wayne, have already fern, was appointed to take took such politions, and kept up so fe* the command of those different bodies of vere and well-directed a fire, as compels troops which had been detached to ha* led the British forces to retire behind rafs the British army, and to impede its that defile where the first (land had been march. made in the beginning of the action.

It appears from Gen. Waffiington’s In that situation, in which their flanks account of the matter [40. 485.3, that were securedby thick woods and moras* be being well informed, that if the Bri* fes, and their front only available through lish army once gained the high and strong a narrow defile, he notwithstandingj country near Middletown, no attempt made dispositions (he fays) for attacking could afterwards be made upon them them; but the darkness came on so fast# with the fmalieft prospect of success; he as not to afford time for their surmounting accordingly determined to fall upon their the impediments in their way. The main rear immediately upon their departure body, however, lay all night upon their from the strong grounds in the neigh- arms in the place of action, as the de-bourhood of Freehold, on which they tached parties did in the several positions bad encamped during the night of the which they had been ordered to take, 97th. He communicated this intention under a full determination of attacking to Gen. Lee, with orders to make his the British army when the day appeared, dispositions for the attack, and to keep But they retreated in such profound fi-the troops l^ing upon their arms in con- lence in the night, that the ipoft ad-stant preparation; which he also pradi- vanced ports, and those very near them, fed himself in the main body. knew nothing of their departure until

Washington having received an ex- morning.

press at five in the morning, that the Washington represents the number of British army had begun their march, ira- British buried by the Americans to be a-j mediately dispatched an order to Lee to ^>out four times greater than the loss ac-attack them; acquainting him at the knowledged by our Gazette; and hi| same time, that he was marching directly own as mych under that ftatc. He fays, to his support; and that, for the greater they carried off their wounded, except-expedition, he should cause his meo to ing four officers, and about forty fol-difincumber themselves of that part of diers. He giyes high and unusual praise, their baggage which (it appears from and expreG'es himself under the great eft hence) they carried ypon their backs, obligation, to the :$eal, bravery, and To his great surprise and mortification, conduct, of his officers; and fays, the however, when he had marched above behaviour of the troops in general, after five miles, he met the whole advanced they had recovered from the fyrprifeoc-,corps retreating, which they informed calioned by the retreat of t, be advanced fiim was by Gen. Lee’s orders, without corps, was such as could not be furpaG their making the fmalieft opposition, ex- fed. The public acknowledgements of ccpling the single fire of one detach- the Congress were very flattering to tbq Sunt, to repulse the British light horse. army, but particularly so to the Ge-The General found the rea^ of the r^- neral anjl to his officers; in whi<

Jtice 1780.' Hiftorf 1778: America 203

ts afleifted to consider ibis a# ion as a bat-: tic, and the refiilt as a great and import-

ant victory, obtained over the grand Bri-ttfb army under the immediate command of their General. [40.488.]

Wa/hington took care to inform the Congrcft, that the nature of the country rendered any farther pursuit of the British army ft oitlcfe, and all attempts to disturb their imbarkation at Sandy-hook equally impracticable and dangerous. He accordingly detached only some light troops to observe and attend their motions, and drew off the main body of the army to the borders of the North river. The Americana loft some officers of name in this action; particularly a Col. Bonner of Pcnofylvania, and a Maj. Dickenson of Virginia, both of whom were much regretted.

It appears that Gen. Waffiington used some very harsh and severe expressions, in the face of the army, to Gen. Lee, upon meeting him, on the retreat of his corps from the place of attion; amounting to a dire# charge of disobedience of orders, want of conduct, or want of courage. This produced two passionate letters from Lee, (who waslikewife put i underarreft), with an answer from Washington, all written on the day or night 1 of the action. A court-martial was in? ' ftantly demanded, and as inllantiy ordered; and so speedily carried into execution, as to be opened at Brunswick on the 4th of July. The charges laid against Lee were, first, disobedience of orders, in not attacking the enemy on the 28th Of June, agreeable to repeated inductions; for misbehaviour before the ene- my on the fame day, by making an un-( necessiiry, disorderly, and fliametul retreat; and lastly, for difrefpc# to the

(commander in chief, by the two letters we have mentioned. The refiilt of the court, after a trial which lasted to the nth of August, was, the finding Gen. Lee guilty of the first charge; the finding him in part guilty of the fe-

(Cond, “ Of misbehaviour before the enemy, by making an unnecessary, and, in some few instances, a disorderly retreat;” they also found him guilty of {fifrespect to the commander in chief; — and sentenced him to be suspended from any command in the armies of the Uni-

( ted States for the term of twelve months

[40. 664, 5.]. It is impossible for us to ( enter into the merits of this sentence, in

f , which party ,might have a greaj

share. When a dispute had been carried to so great a height, between an officer on whom the Americans reposed their chief consequence, and one subordinate and less popular, it is not difficult to divine where the blame will be laid.

In the mean time, the British army, arrived at the high lands of Navefink, in the neighbourhood of Sandy* hook, on the last of June; at which latter place, the fleet from the Delaware, under Lord Howe, after being detained in that river by calms, had most fortunately arrived in the preceding day. It had hap* pened in the preceding winter, that the peninsula of Sandy-hook had been cut off from the continent, and converted to an absolute island, by a violent breach of the sea; a circumstance then of little moment, but which might now have been attended with the most fatal confei quences. By the happy arrival of the fleet at the instant when its assistance was so critically necessary, the ability of the Noble commander, and the extraordinary efforts of the seamen, this impediment was speedily removed; a bridge of boats being completed with such expedition that the whole army was passed over this new channel on the 5th of July; and were afterwards conveyed with ease to New York; neither army nor navy yet knowing the circumstances of danger and ruin in which they had been so nearly involved.

For an unexpected enemy had now arrived on the coast of North America, who was to give a new and a strange turn to the circumstances of the war. On the second day after the conveyance of the army from Sandy-hook, Lord Howe received intelligence by his cruisers, that D’Eliaing’s fleet had been feeo on the coast of Virginia, on the very day that the army had passed the bridge at Sandy-hook. If D’Eftaing had met the transports, either in the Delaware, or on the passage from thence, loaded and encumbered as they were, and convoyed only by two ships of the line, with a number of frigates, the consequence with respect to the fleet is obvious. But it may not so immediately appear, that the fate of the army was so intimately combined with that of the fleet, that the destruction of the one would have been the inevitably loft of the other: for as the army could not then, by any possible means, have profccqted it* iyay to New York, and

would

194 Mizelanchrha: An anecdote* America* VflI. 42.

Would have been inclosed on one fide by the American irmy, and on the other by the French fleet, cut off from all supply of proyifioh, and destitute of every resource, a repetition of the Saratoga ca-taftrophe must have been the certain con* sequence.

Although this fatal event was prevented by the bad weather, and unexpected impediments which D’Eftaing met with on his voyage; yet, if he had directed his course directly to New York, instead of the Chefapeak or Delaware, things could scarcely have been better; as he would then have come upon the fleet and army, when they were entangled, either with the laying or passing of the bridge at Sandy-hook. In either circumstance destruction would have been inevitable; and would have been of an amount and magnitude, with respect both to the ma* tine and land service, and the consequences hanging upon it, which, perhaps, has not been equalled of late ages. But D’Eftaing’s great object was the surprise of the fleet in the Delaware, and the consequent tnclosure of the army at Philadelphia: fortunately the winds and Weather frustrated his design. Upon the whole, it may not be easy to point out a more signal or providential deliverance.

The danger, &c. [To be continued.]

Mizelandwitz: An Anecdote.

THE situation and obstinate virtue of the Baron de Mizelaodwitz, are remarkable. He was one of the Swedifti ftnate that was deprived of all power by the present Ring, upon the memorable resolution in the government, which changed it to an absolute monarchy; he was po flic fled of an estate equal to one of ten thousand pounds -year in England, and upon that event fled his country, saying, that he would fuflfer the most wretched exile abroad, rather than remain a Have where he had a right to freedom. He took up his refideoce at Hamburg, where be has lived ever fioce in great poverty, lodging in a very miserable apartment, and waiting entirely on himself. The lling has written twice to him in the moll flattering terms, inviting his return to his c-slate and honours;—but he never took any notice of the letters; and upon his Majesty lending him a remittance to enable him to live more comfortably, he refilled it, sternly saying. “ I will die rather than receive a dollar at the hands of one who his enslaved country I”

AMERICA, [*7.]

A LETTER, amdam ADDRESS, ctrtnd May zi. and the Addrefi ad by Lord George Germain next and most grecioujiy received.

The LETTER.

Gentlemen, NetoY

As President of the board of Loyal Refugees from the several revolted colonies of America, New York excepted. How within the British lines, I am directed to request the favour of you, in their behalf, to solicit of my Lord George Germain the honour of his Lordship*# patronage, and care of the inclosed Address to our Molt Gracious Sovereign, and that his Lordship will be so good ns to pass it properly to the throne.

Highly sensible of the firm and spirited support that his Lordship, as minister for the American department, has been pleased to give to every proposition for the relief and protection of his Majesty*# colonial suffering subjects, the Board beg Vou will express to his Lordship their warm acknowledgements for his atten* tion to their interests; and that his Lordship’s very generous and truly patriotic conduct will be ever remembered them with the most grateful sensibility. The Board also direct me to say, for his Lordship’8 information, that, not* withstanding the ignotant or wilful mif-representations to the contrary, front their own particular knowledge of the real state of the country, the spirit of loyalty and attachment to the British constitution (till remains firm and unabated among many thousands within the rebels power.

In duty to his Majesty,—from a regard to government, and that the national councils may not be longer milled, the Board direct me further to add, that could the natural force of all, or indeed any, of his Majesty's colonies, be properly collected to one point, in a wa most agreeable to the people, or of those among them having influence, and pof-feffing their good opinion ;—could they be fuftantially supported by his Majesty*# troops, while embodying under their own leaders; — were their confidenct to be raised by certain assurances of protection 5 — were a sacred regard paid to the persons and property of the loyal subject, (heretofore too little attended to, and in many instancet [41. 603.1 lhamcfully

I

June 1780. America: Letter and Address of die LoyalRefugees, t

fhamcfully violated),—and civil government established upon constitutional principles, the moment any favourable Opportunity opened for that purpose; they are bold to affirm, that, in the colonies without exception, there might be found a number of loyal active subjects, who, by disarming the disaffected, intimidating the wavering, and driving out the violent, would be more than Sufficient to suppress the wanton and languishing rebellion; and in a little time restore the whole Continent of America to the former mild and just authority of his Maje* fty and the parent-state.

The Board are happy also to express as their sincere opinion, that from the prdent internal calamities existing among the rebels, as well as those impending and inevitable from the utter ruin of their currency,—the alarming apprehensions of Scarcity,— and many other very important diStrefles incident to their present Situation, there is the happiest prospect, if wifely improved, of suddenljr diflbl-ving the rebellious uoion. — They therefore trust, and hope, that neither the exertions of government, nor those of its faitbfnl fervapts, will be leflfened, or wanting, to complete so desirable an e-vent; but that, on the contrary, every fair opportunity may be afforded to his Majesty’s faithful and loyal subjects, as well those now fullering within the British lines, as those without, of testifying their undiminished respect and zeal for the person and service of their beloved Sovereign, — their wishes for a re-union with the parent-state, —and the sacred regard and veneration they entertain for theconftitution and authority of Great Britain, which it is their utmost ambition to express by their actions.

These, Gentlemen, are Sentiments, that, as founded in truth, the Board wiih to have conveyed to my Lord George Gerqnain, if in your opinion the freedom with which they are spoken may not be deemed difrefpedfiil. Should this be apprehended, they then wish them not to be intruded. The Board, therefore, with the highest regard for your characters and judgement, submits the whole to your discretion: relying however upon your politeneSs, and obliging attention to execute the substantial part of their wishes, in banding forward the address to the King, asdireded.

1 have the honour to be. Gentlemen, with the greatest respect, your most

obedient, and most humble servant, Dan. Coxa, President.

To Sir William PepperrtU, Bt, and Joftph Galloway, Esq;

TksADDRESS.

To the King’s Most Excellent Majesty,

The humble Address of the Loyal Refugees from your Majesty’s revolted Colonies of New Hampshire, MaSTa-chuSTet’s-bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, New*Jersey, Pennsylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, now within the British lines at New York.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

You a faithful and dutiful American subjects, who, to avoid the resentment and persecution of the rebels, have been compelled to take refuge under the pro-tedion of your Majesty's troops, humbly beg leave to approach your Majesty, with the Strongest assurances of their inviolate attachment {to your most Sacred person and government.

The bappinefs we have ever enjoyed under the mild and parental authority of your Majesty, and the prosperity derived from our constitutional dependence upon the government of Great Britain, have fixed io our minds, in the most indelible characters, the warmest principles of gratitude and affection, and excited in us a just resentment at those men, who, under false but specious pretences, have bad the art to delude io many of their feUow-subjects, and who, to efted their own wicked and ambitious purposes, have not scrupled to overwhelm this once happy and flourishing country with misery and ruin.

Convinced that our interest, as well as . our duty, requires our utmost exertions to procure a restoration of your Majesty’s government throughout America, we Shall press to give every affiStance in our power to accomplish that most desirable event. And although the very great efforts of your Majesty and the Parliament, which with due gratitude we acknowledge, have not hitherto had the fucccfs that in human probability was to have been expected; yet we truit that the period is fast approaching, when the infatuation will ceaSe, and the deluded people of this Continent will, with joy, recognifc your Majesty’s just authority, add sue for reconcilement with the parent-ftatc.

6 ’ sAmcrica: Proscriptton*;

It is with the utmost surprise, and the deepest concern, that we find some per* fons have so far mistaken the characters of your American subjects, as to conceive, that the people in general are dif-affected to your Majesty’s government; and, therefore, think ourfclvesindifpen-Tably called upon to allure yeur Majesty, that very many of your faithful fub-jects in America, rather than violate their duty, have abandoned their estates, and chearfully submitted to all the mile-Ties of penury and exile; that others, for being actively instrumental in supporting your Majesty’s government, after long confinement in dungeons and in chains, have fuflered death by the hands 'of the executioner; and although the dread of the sanguinary laws which have been enacted, and are daily multiplied, by the tyrannical American rulers, procures, in many instatices, a reluctant acquiescence under their usurped authori ty, yet we can With truth assure your Majesty, that whatever proper measures can be adopted, to call forth theftrength of your loyal American subjects, they will contribute an aid, which will give so detifive a superiority to the British cause, as will speedily restore your Majesty’s government, with peace and liberty to this distraCted country.

We most fervently pray that your Majesty, enjoying every possible felicity in this life, may long reign in the hearts and iffe&ions of all your subjects, and that every part of your extended empire may never cease to be governed by your po-fterity.

Signed by order and appointment of the Board chosen to represent the American Refugees,

Das. Coxe, President.

New York, Dec. 23. 1779.

The exertions of the loyal colonists in favour of the parent-state mentioned in Gen. Pattifon’s letter [203, 4.] provoked the American rulers.—In the Boston gazette of March 4. there is an extract of an act of the assembly of New York, viz.

“ Whereas the following citizens and natives of New York have, most wickedly and traitorously, not only given every assistance to the enemies of this country, but have put themselves in arms in order to enslave the fame, and in consequence have been guilty of felony, murder, and every other act of high treason agaipft

‘Congreft Paper, &c. Vo!. 42;

those United States; it is therefore hereby declared and enacted. That,

Oliver de Laneey, John Watts

William Ludlow, — — Kemp, William Bayard, John Crugfr, Frederick Philipfe,

Henry Cruger, William Smith, Henry White,

----- Holland,

James de Lane,

being enemies and traitors to the liberties of these States, they are hereby outlawed forever from this Continent; and that their property, real and personal, be seized and connfcated for the use of these States: and all officers, civil and military, are hereby required to feizd and apprehend the above-mentioned persons, (if to be found), so that they may receive condign punishment according to law.”

“ New York, April 28. In March last the Congress passed a number of resolves, in which they announced the depreciation of their currency to be so great, that it was no longer sufficient to carry on business; —a circumstance well known and felt before. They declared themselves insolvent, and that forty of theii* dollars should be deemed equal to ond Span if!) dollar, which was coufequently paying only sixpence in the pound; they ordered the monthly alTeflment of fifteed millions of dollars from the Thirteen Colonies to be continued to April 1781, in-ftcad of October 1780, as they at first ordered; they repealed the laws by which Congress money was made a legal ten- der, and permitted gold and silver to become current, which before was prohibited; and they ordered that each State should, on its own credit, emit sums of money agreeably to the proportion formerly settled, four tenths of which sums should be at thedifposal of Congress, the other fix tenths appropriated to the use of the several states respectively; and these newly-emitted dollars were to bear interest, redeemable with hard money, dollar for dollar, at the end of six years, or by bills on their bankers in Europe, at the option of the possessors. These resolves had the effect, with respect to the Congress money, which any man of common fenle might forefec f they have wholly ruined its creditit is no longer current in most places; and the great-eft confusion and dissatisfaction prevail every where among the rebels. Whrft through the distresses of the people, and ' our naval fuccels,’ the rebellion trembles to its foundaf/on/’

Jiroc 1780. America? Convcntion*officers; Distress, &c.'297

jflater from Maj.+Gt . [81.]

Nra York, March 2%. 1780.

Gentlemen,

I forgot to mention, in the letters I had the honour of writing to you, acir-camftance which may possibly be of some consequence to the officers of the 9th, aoth, sift, 24th, 47th, and 6»d regiments; which I request you will communicate to the colonels of those regiments, and such particular friends of the officers who may be within your knowledge. It is, that whatsoever promotions, by raising of new corps, or otherwise, in England, may take place in favour of the officers of the troops of convention, upon notice being sent of it, they can be immediately exchanged.— It becomes, therefore, a matter well worthy theconsideration of their friends; and as such 1 recommend it.—I am, &c.

Miff* Cox and Mair* W. Philips.

The difficulties under which the revolted colonies labour, may be gathered from an address to the citizens of Virginia after the arrival of the kihg’s army in the southern provinces, signed, By -vict if the Council, Thomas Jeffcrfon; —

from which we extra# a few passages, viz.

The depreciation of our paper-medium, if tried by the rules of ftrid rea* son, was real and great; but the artifices of your internal enemies were such, as to render it, in fad, many times greater than it should have been in reason. Sen-fible of this, your representatives in Con-grefs determined to issue no more; and your General Assembly have followed

I their example. As the original introduction of them was wife and salutary,

' so was the discontinuance of farthet emissions under our then and present circumstances. It became necessary, therefore, by other means, to raise money for public exigencies. The amount of the supplies necessary was considered by your assembly at their last fession, and they adopted means which bid fair for procuring the m. As far as they relied on you, upon application by way Of iax% heavy as is that application, we fee a readiness to comply with it, which so far leaves no fear of di(appointment. The rcfidueqC their dependence was a reasonable and just scheme of borrowing, addressed tq the interests of the monied men. This I has failed totally. Your treasury is at this moment destitute of money, and re-Vol.XLII.

celves It supplies, from the tardy band of the collector, only in such final! portions as his convenience dictates. A heavy invasion impends over our lifter*state of South Carolina. The south^ru states arc likely to be the seene of the enfping campaign, and ill-timed tenacloufnefs of private interest may advance it even to your own doors.—If the treasury do not re* ceive instant supplies for the use of the commifTariate, an Invasion, should it happen, will find yon without provisions to feed those of your brave countrymen who should enter the field for the defence of your altars and household: nay, farther, submiffinn heing of all misfortunes in this world the greatest, and of-position necessary, whatever violences it may call for, may we not fear, that our houses, the lacred palladiums of dome ftic happiness, may be thrown open to military scrutiny, and the pittance refer-ved for the consumption of our families, laid under contribution for the sustenance of our army! During the course of the present month, and the earlier part of the next, a moiety of the forces of this state, on Continental establishment, will leave the service, having continued the term of their original enlistments: we have reason to believe they might be re-enlisted to a man, could money be raised to pay the legal bounty; they are difei-plined, brave, and veteran, and habit has made them proof against the diseases of a camp. Their dispersion will be loss never to be retrieved. The involuntary fnbstitutes who must be dragged into their posts, to replace our number, will be a miserable exchange indeed.,r

“ By his Excellency James R*obertfon, Esq; Captain General and Governor in Chief, in and over the province of New York, &c. &c.

A Proclamation.

Th b King having been graciously pica-fed to honour me with the care of a province, where, in a long residence, I have contracted an esteem for fomc, and an. affection for many of its inhabitants, I proceed with great pleasure to announce his benevolent intentions.

It is his Majesty’s wifo, by the revival of the civil authority, to prove to alt the colonies and provinces, that it is not his design to govern America by military law, but that they are to enjoy all the benefits of a local legislation, and thei^ former constitution.

09* America: Got. Robertson* pacific proclamation. Vol, 40s To this end I have brought out the able to the unnatural reparation To inap-Royal appointments for forming the fpicions to yourselves, as well as all the Council, and supplying the places of rest of your fellow-fytyects in the other Lieutenant-Governor and Chief Justice. quarters of the world, that the few whq And, in concurrence with the Com- have found means to acquire a fwayin iyander in Chief of the British Forces, the management of your affairs, have who is also his Majesty’s Commiflfioner been averse to every uniting iyftem of for reftoripg peace to the Colonies, I policy, and studiously (hunncd the paths shall, as speedily as the public exigencies to harmony and peace, will permit, give orders for opening the But it is not my aim to call them to a courts of judicature, and convening the hopeless and motifying review of their Assembly; and in general proceed to the conduct. Can they want evidence, at execution of the powers reposed in me this day, of the deteftation of their for the free course and complete re-efta- meafyres by an increasing majority of blishment, both of the legislative and ex- their own countrymen i And having e ecutive authority. very thing to fear from their exhayfted

1 take great satisfaction in the antici- patience, 1 warn them to desist from any pation of that h^ppy day, when rela- future attempts to rest rain and seduce tions, friends, and fellow-citixens, ha- the loyalty of others, and wifely to pro- ving dismissed their gloomy apprehen- vide against their resentment, bjr signa-fions, shall ve-embrace each other, and lizing themselves, as heretofore in exci-return to the offices, pleasures, and em- ting, so now in closing the scene of their, ployments of peace. Your country, intolerable calamities. And I hereby with your ancient privileges, will then give the strongest a durances of effectual participate in an extensive commerce, countenance, protection, and support, and be exempted from all taxations not of all persons who av^il themselves of the imposed by yourselves. proclamation issued by his Excellency

Until 1 meet you regularly in General Sir Henry Clinton, dated at James i-AiTembly, for the restoration of mutual (land, the third day of March. {160.] confidence, and the remedying of private Less inclined to reproach than to con* as well as public evils, I pledge myself ciliate, to aggravate than to forget, eveq to men of all clafTes, in every part of the guilt of those, who, privy to the re-the province, that it is the companion- peated calls of Great Britain to friend-ate desire of your Sovereign, and of the ship, upon terms adequate to the deftre parent-Country, to unite in affection, and expectation of their constituentr, yet as in interest, with the colonies planted nevertheless forbore to reveal them, that by her hand, and which have long flou- they might with the greater ease prefii riflied under her care that the fugge- the ancient enmity of foreign foes to the (lions of her intention to impair their aid of their own ambition and avarice, fights and privileges, are the arts of ma- exhort them to seek an early refuge in lice and faction and that every infinu- the abundant clemency of the crown, ation made by the domestic enemies of from the perils to which they have ex-Great Britain, of her being disposed to posed themselves by measures fraudulent-abandon the provinces to internal anar- ly concerted, and tyrannically enforced, cby, and the mischiefs of their jarring in- and affording by the complicated miferiea terefts and claims, or to the fraudulent they have brought upon their country, and ambitious views of foreign, Popish, and the mighty ruin (till impending, ir-and arbitrary powers, (of whom your resistible evidence of the folly and malig-fathers had a wife and virtyoys jealously), nancy of the counsels by which its affairs is equally false and malicious. have been conducted.

Happy herself under a constitution Towards the redrelfing the difordert which is the envy and admiration of fur* arising from the loss or want of charters, rounding nations, (he wifties to include 1 recommend it to all concerned to ap-in one comprehensive fyfiem of felicity, ply without delay in the ordinary courfei. all the branches of a flock, intimately for charters, which shall be granted as connected by the ties of language, man- soon as civil authority takes place, ners, laws, customs, habits, interests, As to the public books of records, so religion, and blood. important to your titles and estates in all

I lament, with the ingenuous thou- parts of the colony, and formerly lodged finds of America who are irreconcile- in the Secretary’s office, I understand,

pat

}une 17 So, America s Addresses; The trish applauded. 299

that they were separated from the rest, eating the mselve9 from the present di-l>y the provident circumspection of myftrefles; and whereby they are allured, predecessor,whose merits are above my that Great Britain is ftiil willing to re-app/a ofc, and have often had yours; and store to the colonies the benefits of local having been afterwards sent home for legislation, with their former constitu-iafe custody, you may rely Upon their tions, a participation in her extenlive being carefully preserved, and duly re- commerce, and an exemption from all turned, as soon as the public tranquillity taxations not imposed by themselves.”

Is restored.” Addrtfs.

The Chamber of Commerce presented “ Advise me how to make my govern-a congratulatory address to the Cover- agreeable to thofei whose loyalty

nor on his arrival, dated. New York, firmness, and fuffcrings, deserve every May a. and signed, IfoacLow, Prest- blessing government can bestow. And

dent. To which a polite answer was let example convince those whom given;—in which his Excellency fays* misrepresentation has milled, that a re-” Commerce, which enlarges the mind, turn to loyalty is the road to escape ty* and destroys prejudices, is ever favour- ranny, and enjoy freedom, able to freedom, and will not only lhew. Happily two recent events afford lef-but make the people feel, the blessings of kns that may be useful to our friends his Majesty’s government 5 so that a and our enemies. The defeat and cap-truth well known in Britain will be ac* turc of the Spanish fleets [94.] will prove, knowledged all over America, That the that* however numerous, Britain can importance and prosperity of both coun- bumble the most haughty and powerful frits depends upon their union.” of htr enemies; and the lively spirit of

An address was likewise presented to P*timde Ireland breathes to Britain hit Excellency by sundry gentlemen ap- L*1- will (how, that m a dispute

pointed by the Royal inuructions to form Between parents and children, where the Council for the province, signed. An- Both mean the aggrandizement of the fa-irrm Mot, Ch. W. Apthorp, William®ll5r. °n. reconciliation, affection re-Smith, Hugh Wallace, Henry White, Wil- t»r»* With *> increase of tenderness. ham Axteli—and to which likewise a

polite answer was given. —We give letter from Philadelphia, dated extracts from them, viz. March ij. fays, “ A number of our last

*« The ambitious and self-iiiterefted papers, containing an account of the late promoters of rebellion, to support their proceedings in Ireland [119.], being Tent unauthorised and perilous combinations to the army by Gen. Walhington, gave with designing, Popish, and arbitrary ‘hem the greatest fotisfaftion, and fan-powers, have, by concealing and mifre- ncd the glorious flame of liberty in their presenting the many generous and hu- hreafts. As elegant a collation as the mane offers made by Great Britain, for IBortnefs of the time would permit, was restoring public tranquillity, brought on Provided by the officers of Col. Jackson’s the inhabitants of this once happy coun- regiment, a number of toasts were drank, try every evil they at first taught them and the ni£ht concluded with music, and to dread. a new cotillon, called, Duke

Their personal estates are now wrested —The following toasts were drank,

from them by taxation, their real ones Tlz; x* St Patrick, a. The Duke of fbnk to the par of their paper dollars, Leinster. 3. Lord Shannon. 4. Mr their commerce annihilated, their civil Grattan. 5. Mr Ogle. 6. Sir Edward rights and privileges trampled upon by Newcnham. 7. The Recorder. 8. Mr Congreft and Committee men, and their Flood* 9* The memory of Dr Lucas perfoos liable lobe dragged into the field L11* I00» *57*; — 33* 614.]. 10. The at all seasons to perform the duties of a Voluntecrsot Ireland. 11. May the can-soldier. non of Ireland bellow till the nation is

In the fympatby we feel forour suffer- ^rec* The King of France. 13. Ge-ing country, nothing can be more grate- ocral Walhington and the army.* ful to us, than the benevolence of the "' May ao. On Monday the

proclamations issued by his Majesty’s 4th instant was celebrated at Philadel-commissioner £260.J, and your Excel- phia the funeral of the Spanish resident, lency, so amply affording to the inhabit w5,° lately died at Morris town. The Lnu of America the means for cxtiU Allowing was the order of the proerfli'm:

P p The

300 America: A Popish funeral

The Bier covered with black cloth, Mons. Lucerne, the French Resident, The Congress,

The General Officers,

The Citizens.

\Vheo the procession arrived at the Roman-Catholic chapel, the Prielt presented the holy water to Mons. Lucerne; who, after sprinkling himself, pre Tented it to Mr Huntington, Pre(id?nt of the Congress. The Calvinist paused a considerable time, near a minute; but at length his afft&ion for the great and good ally conquered all scruples of con-cience, and he too besprinkled and fane-ified himself with all the adroitness of a Tcteran Catholic; which his brethren of the Congress perceiving, they all without hesitation followed the righteous example of their proselyted President. Before the company, which were extremely numerous, left the chapel, curiosity induced some persons to uncover the bier; when they were highly enraged at finding the whole a (ham, there being no corpse under the cloth, the body of the Spanifii gentleman having been several day8 before interred at Morris-town. The bier was surrounded with wax candles, and every member of this egregious Congress, now reconciled to the Popish communion, carried a taper in his band.” “ York, May 6. Mr Joseph Reed, the present titular prelident of the council of Pennsylvania, has within fourteen days set his name to a proclamation, offering a reward of 1000 dollars for the head or scalp of every Indian or Tory taken on the frontiers, and 500 more for a prisoner.”

“ Williamjburgh, Vi, April 8. On

the 5th instant was hanged at Charles-town, Colonel Hamilton Baltndine, for drawing draughts of that city and its fortifications. He was taken by a piquet-guard, which Gen. Lincoln had sent out that night to Stono, as he was making his way to the enemy. When he was hailed by the guard, his answer was his own name; the guard told him that would not do, and carried him to the commander of the piquet; upon which he pulled out of his pocket the draughts. The officer tcld him he \va9 miltaken, and had him carried before Gen. Lincoln; who ordered him to execution.”

A citizen of Chavleflown writes thus. May 14. Gen. Lincoln would have surrendered before, but was prevented by the lieutenant-governor, the council, and

; Siege of Charlestown. Vol. 4*.

a few others, who (report lays) secreted the offers, and imposed on the citizens, by making them believe that the terma were quite different. However, th6 truth at length came out; when the inhabitants, to the amount of about 700, signed and sent in a petition to Gen. Lincoln to accept of the terms. Farfon Smith endeavoured to prevent the measure, although the town was invested on every fide, the fleet spread in our harbour, the British troops in possession of Cooper and Wando rivers, and of every station in Christ-church parish, Fort Moultry taken, James island guarded c-very way, Fenwick’s place, at Wappoo, equally guarded and strong, and the Town neck possessed by the army, fa that we could not stir either by land or water; our provision exhausted, except rice and coflee; not an ounce of meat bad been delivered to the military for some days before the surrender; the small pox in town; and a pestilential fever raging; seven doctors nek, and some of them dangerously ill.—I have not had an ounce of fresh provision this month past in my house. I had some bacon, which 1 was under the nectffily of hiding, for my house has been searched three times by the American militia and Tailors, who have plundered several hou-fes in open day, and God knows what situation we should have been in had the siege been raised. The English officers have been diligent in preventing abuses and plunder as far as possible. A small matter of rudeness will be sufficient fora northward gazette. — Our Governor, John Rutledge, Charles Pinckney, with l'cvcral others, have gone northwardly. Mr Bee was Lieutenant-Governor; but being ordered to Congress, Mr Christopher Gadidcn was appointed in his room; who, together with young Mr Laurens, Dr Ramsey, John Edwards, Tom Fcr-gufon, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Parson Smith, and a few others, who had their estates in the treasury, manifested a disposition to sacrifice both town and inhabitants. All the fuburb8 were destroyed last May as far as Strickland's by our own people; this expedition has carried the devastation further; RufTel’s distillery is erased, and all the woods beyond Burrows’s and Williams’s, ruined in a manner that would surprise you. Oa Thursday last the btfiegers, by carcasses, set fire to Lieut. Gadfdenrs house, which was cun fumed, together with all the row

upwards

Juno 178a upwards to the comer where Col. Isaac Motte lived, and both of Daniel Legare’s houses. Thirty-two and twenty-four pounders were sent into town frequently, from James island, Wappoo, and beyond the gates. Carcasses were thrown at far as the Exchange, where fifty tons of gunpowder were lodged. Several thirteen-inch (bells were also thrown in; one reached as far as the new church, which made a monstrous hole in the street; forae fell upon houses and did great execution; the cannon*balls also made a terrible noise, and from the very great nmber, it is wonderful that so few lives have been loft.— One half of the inhabitants are already reformed.'*

£P. S.J A London Gazette Extraordinary was published on the jth of July, viz.

Whitehall, July 5. The following letters from Sir Henry Clinton, K. B. to Lord George Germain, were this day received, by Lt-Col. Bruce, one of Sir Henry's aids-de-camp, who arrived in the South-Carolina Packet.

v. 1 f" Head quarters* ,

My Lord,| SomhCaroU%mm4.1780.

I had the honour, in my difoatch, N° 88. by the Earl of Lincoln J_»6x-3* to communicate to your Lord ship the surrender of Charlestown. I am now able to give your Lordship a return of the prisoners taken, amounting, as you will observe, exclusive of near a thousand fail ora in arms, to 5618 men *.

1 informed your Lordship, that Lt-Gen. Earl Cornwallis was to march up the north fide of Santee, whilst another corps moved up the hither shore of that river towards the district of Ninety-six. These corps are in motion, as well as one up the Savannah river in Georgia.

The troops immediately under his Lordship’s command have pressed so effectually upon a body of the rebels which remained in the province, that the Earl, by detaching his corps of cavalry, and with them the legion infantry (mounted) has completed the deftrnCtion of every thing in arms against us in this province.

viz. % major-generals j brigadier-generals, 3 ms jots of brigade, id colonels, lieutenant-colonels, ai majors, 145 captains, 16% lieutenants, 41 cornets or ensigns,

a paymaster, 7 adjutants, 6 quaiteimatters, 28 surgeons, 6 mates, 3x9 ferjeanu, 137 dtummers, 4710 rank and file.

America: Letters from Gen. Clinton. 301

Lt-Col. Tarleton beaded this detach- ment, whose celerity in performing a march of near an hundred miles in two days, was equal to the ardor with which they attacked the enemy. These refuting the terms which were offered them, were charged, and defeated, with the loss of one hundred and seventy-two* killed, and some taken, together with the remaining field-artillery of the foutheru army, their colours and baggage.

With the greatest pleasure 1 further report to your Lordship, that the inhabitants from every quarter repair to the detachments of the army, and to this garrison, to declare their allegiance to the King, and to offer their services, in arms, in support of his government. In- many instances they have brought prisoners their former oppressors or leaders; and I may venture to assert, that there are few men in South Carolina, who arc not either our prisoners, or in arms with us«

1 have also the satisfaction to receive corresponding accounts, that the Ioya-lifts io the back parts of North Carolina are arming. 1 dare entertain hopes* that Lord Cornwallis's presence on that frontier, and perhaps within the province, will call back its inhabitants from their (late of error and disobedience.' If a proper naval force can be collected, I purpose fending a small expedition into Cape-Fear river, to favour the resolution I look for higher in the country.

I am, with the troops I could take, quitting the harbour of Charlestown, on my way to New York, hoping no foreign armament can yet have reached the coast, or have been able to attempt any thing in our absence against that place.

Lt-Col. Bruce, my aid-de-camp, will have the honour of presenting these dif-patches to your Lordship. He has fer-ved with distinction during this whole war, and is well able to satisfy your Lordship in any inquiries you may be pleased to make concerning the late operations in Carolina.

Your Lordship will receive by Mqj.-Gen. Prevoft, who fails in a few days, the account from Earl Cornwallis of what shall have occurred to that time.

I have the honour to be,

H. Clinton.*

, r f“

MyLoRD.j bar> 5 I?8o'

I have juIt received from Earl Cornwallis a letter, inclosing a more particular report than had yet beta received

from

America: Operations m South Carolina.7 Vof. 42.

from Lt-Col. Tarleton of the affair at Wacfaw. I have the honour to inclose both, together with a return of the killed and wounded, and of the artillery and other implements taken.

YoUr Lordship will observe, that the enemy’s killed, wounded, and taken, exceed Lt-Col. Tarleton’s numbers with Which he attacked them.

‘I have the honour to be, &c.

H. Clinton.

SIR, Campditt, June %. 1780.

In my letter of the 30th of tass month, 1 inclosed a note from Lt-Col. Tarleton* wrote in great haste from the field of action, and I explained my reasons for fending the detachment under his command in pursuit of the enemy.

I have now the honour of transmitting to you his account of the march and engagement, with thelofson both fides.

I can only add the highest encomiums on the conduit of Lt-Col. Tarleton. It will give me the most sensible satisfaction to hear that your Excellency has been able to obtain for him some dtftinguished mark of his Majesty’s favour.

I have the honour to be, &c.

Cornwallis.

HU ExcelUncj Sir Henry ,

K.B.be. <sc. «2rc.”

‘ My Lord, Wacfaw, March 30.1780.

I have the honour to inform you, that yesterday at three o'clock p. m. after a march of 105 miles in fifty-four hours, with the corps of cavalry, the infantry of the legion mounted on horses, and a three-pounder, at Wacfaw, near the line which divides North from South Carolina, the rebel force, commanded by Colonel Buford, confiding of the nth Viiginia, and detachments of other regiments from the same province, with artillery and some cavalry, were brought to attion.

After the summons, in which terms fi-milar to those accepted by Charleftowo were offered, and positively rejetted, the attion commenced in a wood. The attacks were pointed at both flanks, the front, and reserve, by 270 cavalry and infantry blended; and, at the fame instant, all were equally vittorious, few of the enemy escaping, except the commanding officer by a precipitate flight on borfeback.

It is above my ability to say any thing in commendation of the bravery and exertion of officers and men: 1 leave their

merit to your Lordship's confederation, I have the honour, &c. &c.

Ban. Tarleton, Lt-Col. Comm. Br. Legion. Lt-Cen. Earl Cortrwallit.”

Return of Rekit killedy wounded, and taken.

t lieutenant-colonel, 3 captains, 8 fub-al terns, i adjutant, i quartermaster, serjeants and rank and file, killed.

3 captains, 5 subalterns, 14a serjeants and rank and file, wounded, Unable to travel* and left on parole, a captains, t fubaltem, 50 serjeants and rank and file, prisoners.

Taken, 3 (land of colours, t brass fix-pounders, a royals, two waggons with ammunition, t artillery forge cart, f j barrels of powder, ad waggons loaded with new cloathing, arms, tnufket-carrridgcs, neW' cartridge-boxes, flints, and camp-equi* page.

Return of British Kited and wounded. Cavalry: a privates; rx horses, killed; 8 fubaltem, 8 privates, r9 horses, wound-' ed.

Infantry: a subalterns, t private, killed t 3 privates wounded.

N. B. Lieut. Patefckatl, rfth dragoons, wounded; Lieut. Lauchline M*Donald, of the Legion infantry, killed; Enf. Campbell of the Legion infantry, serving with the cavalry, killed*

In the fame Gazette-Extraordinary there is an extratt of a letter from Adm. Sir George Brydges Rodney to Mr Stephens, dated in Carlisle bay, Barbadoes, May jx. received at the Admiralty in the* morning of July 3. from Capt. Man, of the Cerberus, who arrived at Falmouth July a. viz.

* Since my letter of the 16th of April from Fort-Royal bay [156.], I muff desire you will please acquaint their Lord-ship9, that after greatly alarming the island of Martinique, whose inhabitants had been made to believe his Majesty’s fleet had been defeated, but were soon convinced to the contrary by its appearance before their port, where it continued till the condition of many of the ships under my command, and the lee currents, rendered it necessary for the' fleet to anchor in Chocque bay,. St Lucia, in order to put the wounded and sick men on shore, and to water and refit the fleet; frigates having been detached both to \\ indward and to leeward of every island, in order to gain intelligence of the motions of the enemy, and

timely

JupeiyBo. America: Rodney’s accost of two engagements. 303

timely notice of their approach toward* enemy, and enabled them to recover that Martinique, the only place they could advantage. However, it did not enable refit at in theie teas; them to weather his Majesty’s fleet so

Having landed the wounded and tick much, but the van, led by that good men, watered and refitted the fleet, on and gallant officer Capt. Bowyer, about the 6th of May, upon having received seven in the evening, reached their cen-Intelligence of the enemy’s approach to tre, and was followed by Rear-Adm. windward of Martinique, 1 put to Tea Rowley’s squadron, (who then led the with nineteen fail of the line, two fifty- van), the centre and rear of his Maje* gun ships, and several frigates. fly’s fleet following in order.

From the 6th to the ioth of May, the As the enemy were under a press of fleet continued turning to windward be- fail, none but the vao of his Majesty*! tween Martinique and St Lucia; when fleet could come in for any part of the we got fight of the French fleet, about action, without waiting his Majesty’t three leagues to windward of us, Point powder and (hot, the enemy wantonly Saline on Martinique then bearing N. N. expending a deal of theirs at such a di* £. five leagues; Capt. Affleck, in the fiance as to have no effect.

Triumph, joining me the fame day. The Albion, Capt. Bowyer, and the

The enemy’s fleet confified of twenty- Conqueror, Rear- Aden. Rowley, were three fail of the line, (even frigates, two the ships that suffered most in this ren-. (loops, a cutter, and a lugger. Nothing counter. But 1 am sure, from the flack* could induce them to riflt a general ac- uefs of their fire, in comparison to that tion, though it was in their power daily, of the van of his Majesty’s fleet, the e-They made, at different times, motions nemy’s rear must have suffered very con* which indicated a desire of engaging; fiderably.

but their resolution failed them when they The enemy kept an awful distance till drew near; and as they failed far better the 19th instant, when 1 was in hopes than his Majesty’s fleet, they with ease that 1 should have weathered them, but could gain what distance they pleased to had the mortification to be difeppointed windward. in those hopes. However, as they were

As they were fen Able of their advan- convinced their rear could not escape ac-tage in failing, it emboldened them to tion, they seemed to have taken a refo-fun greater rifles, and approach nearer lution or risking a general one; and to his Majesty’s ships than they would when their van had weathered us, they otherwise have done; and for several bore away along our line to windward* days, about the hour of two in the af- and began a heavy cannonade, but at temoou, they bore down in a line of such a distance as to do little or no exe-battle abreast, and brought to the wind cution. However, their rear could not a little more than random-/hot distance. escape, being closely attacked by tb* As 1 watched every opportunity of ships of the van, then led by Com. Ho-gaining the wind, and forcing them to than); and with pleasure I can say, that battle, the enemy, on my ordering the the fire of his Majesty’s ships was fiarfu-fleet to make a great deal of fail on the perior to that of the enemy, who must 15th upon a wind, had the vanity to have received great damage by the ren* think we were retiring, and with a press counter.

of fail approached us much nearer than The Albion and Conqueror suffered usual. 1 suffered them to enjoy the de- much in this last action, and several o^ ceptioD, and their van ship to approach ther ships received considerable damage; abreast of my centre; when, by a lucky a list of which, aslikewifeof the killed change of wind, perceiving 1 could wea- and wounded, 1 have the honour to in-ther the enemy, I made the signal for elofe.

the third in command, who then led the The pursuit of the enemy had led vi vao, to tack with his squadron, and gain forty leagues directly to windward of the wind of the enemy. The enemy’s Martinico; and as the enemy had ftaod fleet instantly wore, and fled with a to the northward with all the fail they crowd of fail. ’ could possibly press, and were out of

His Majesty’s fleet, by this manoeuvre, light the lift instant, the condition of had gained the wind, and would have his Majesty’s ships being such as not ta forced the enemy to battle, had it not at allow a longer pursuit, 1 sent the Con-once changed fig points when near the queror, Cornwall, and Boyne* toStLu-

*ia*

tfo4 America: St VfncentS; A proclamation n» 1717. ’ Vol. 42

cna, and flood with the remainder of his Lieut. Twycrofi, of the Triumph; Lieut. Majesty’s ships towards Barbadoes, in Flight, 87th reg. of the Magnificent; Lieut, order to put the lick and wounded on Dougla*, of the Cornwall, who loft his leg t fbore, and repair the squadron. *od Mr Paven, matter of the Albion.

We anchored in Carlisle bay on the Lord George Germain, having, by the Md instant, where every dispatch pofli- King»s command, franfmitted, April »a. ble has been used both night and day in to his Majesty’s Advocate, Attorney, refitting, watering, and vidualling the and Solicitor General, a copy of a peti-flcct 5 and I hope that every thing will fjon of the proprietors of estates, mort-be in readiness to proceed to sea to-mor- gage8, and others intereflcd in the island row, hi quest of the Spanish fleet which of st Vincent, residing in G. Britain, to-failed from Cadiz the a8th of last month; gether with a copy of the capitulation intelligence of which has been brought of the said island; and directed them to me by the Cerberus, Capt. Man, who take the fame into their consideration, parted company with them on the 4th and to report to his Lordship, for his instant, m lat. 51 and a half, fleering W. Majesty’s information, their opinion DPS' W. on the question dated in the said peti-

The Brilliant and Rattlesnake (loop tion,—they considered the fame, and 1 Bave joined me since, with the fame in- reported their opinion, May 10. viz. teltigence; the latter from Com. John- « That goods, which are actually the stone. I shall order them all back a- growth, produce, or manufacture, of gain to their station; but cannot forbear the island of St Vincent, are not liable expressing to their Lordships my appro- to be seized by British cruisers, on board bat ion of the merits of those officers, neutral ships or vessels bound for neutral who thought it their duty to leave their ports; and also, that such goods on ftatkrn, and convey to me with speed in- board of droghers, belonging to the intelligence of such great importance. habitants of St Vincent, and going from

1 miift desire you will please to ac- onc port or bay of the said island to anoint their Lordships, that M. de Gui- other, are not liable to seizure by the chen amt the French fleet have got, in a said cruisers. {Signed] Wm Wynne. fluttered condition, into Martinico; Al. Wedderburn. Ja. Wallace.” where their Lordships may be attired I Llord George having received this shall keep a watchful eye over them; report, on the nth of May, it was inland hope ! shall have an opportunity of mediately sent in a letter, by Mrde Grey, giving a good account of the Spanish underfecretary for the American deflect, before the French are in a condi- partment* to William Crichton, Esq; lion to put to sea.” and was published in the papers by Mf

, Killed and wounded an tie i $lbof May* Crichton.

SJi/*. K- W. Ships* K. JF* The publication of the following pro- I

Vigilant 3 10 Albion s* 6% clamation at this time will not be thought I

Medway > io Cornwall 3 5 unfeasonable. It was read in all the

Conqueror . » 13 provinces, and the terms strictly adhered

- TotalKilled, *r; Wounded; 100. to.

Officer killed: First Lieut. Williapi Law, of the Cornwall.

Killed and TVcvrdtd on the ef May.

Ships. K. W. Ships. X. W.

Intrepid 1 0 Magnificent S »}

Suffolk x 11 Conqueror 3 «o

Triumph 4 *4 Albion 11 Si

Vigilant 9 15 Terrible 3 t

jiledway % 11 Cornwall 4 IO

Vcngeauce 3 Preston 0 3

Total: Killed, 47; Wounded, *33.

Officers Killed and Wounded.

Killed: Capt. Watson, of the Conqueror, who loft his atm, and is since dead; Enfi Cur-fif» $th teg. of thf Albipn. —- Wounded:

“ By his Excellency the Captain-General, &c.

A Proclamation.

Whereas the Rt Hon. Joseph Ad-, difon, Esq; one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by his letter, dated at Whitehall the eighth day of Ja-ly last, has signified to me. That, upon his Majesty’s having received advice from, the court of France of the island of Martinico having lately revolted from the French government, and having sent a-way the Governor and intendant thereof, and that the Regent of France had

desired,

June 1780, MooUga,an anecdote,

desired bts Majesty that none of the

Mr Smelt's speech. 305

MrSmelts[pitch concluded, [132.3

The next object of the petition is the inference drawn from the preceding premises, the uncon ftitutional influence of the crown, which map soon prove fatal to the liberties of this country. This inference calls for a particular consideration. It has been already observed, that a regnlar plan of violent opposition to the public measures, has been added to all the other difficulties this country

neighbouring islands or dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain, may countenance or encourage that re-beflton: It is thereupon his Majestyli Royal will and pleafnre, that the said re* volt should be as moch as poffiWe dif-coontenanced by his fobjeds; and that the persons concerned in that rebellion should be more speedily reduced to their just obedience, and hindered from all manner of subsistence or protection whatsoever from an jof his Majesty’s subjects has laboured under, if it may not begi-or plantations in America: ven as the original canfe of them. It is

1 have, porfoant to such his Majesty *s evident, that the rebellion in America has pleasure, by and with the advice of his been fostered by it in every point of view. Lordship the Rt Hon. the Lord Proprie- Lord Chatham was said to have conquer-tary’s Council within this province, Ma- cd America in Germany, and the interry land, thought fit to issue this my pro- nal enemies of thi9 country, by a most clamation, ftridtty commanding and en- perverted imitation, endeavoured to joining all persons within this province, conquer the constitution of Britain in A-npoo their utmost peril of his Majesty’s merica. But when even that country displeafare, not to be in any wise atfift- did not promise the harvest they wished

ing, aiding, or prole ding to the said rebels; and, that all persons may have due notice hereof, do hereby, in his Lord-nun's name, command and require the respective fherifs of the several counties

for, it is well known that the brave, the loyal, but the drftreffed lrish, were exposed to their solicitations to violence. But however great their difficulties, they neither could be brought to deny the im-

In this province to publish this my pro- mediate means of support against the clamation at all churches, and cnapels common enemy, nor to refiff the proofe

of ease, and others the most frequented places in their said counties; whereof they are not to fail at their perils. Given at the city of Annapolis, under the broad seal of this province, the 13th day of September, in the second year of his Lordship’s dominion, A.D. 17x7.

The Regent of France had been equally

of an affectionate good-will towards us; those proofs which nothing but that general source of all our real grievances already mentioned, could have with held from us so long. But the active dispositions of our internal enemies did not rest here: despairing of success in i reland, now convinced that a obliging to K George I. in discoumenaucing generous and loyal people could never

the rebellion in Scotland io 1715. Cent. Maf, Montagu: A whimsical anecdote.

THE late Duke of Montagu one evening, accompanied by two or three facetious friends, took a hackney-coach, and ordered the man to drive to the back of St Clement's. When they were arrived there, the Duke got out, and walked round the coach to the other door; and was, in lonfequence of a concerted plan, followed by his friends:

be made a party in annihilating the constitution, and dismembering the empire* the dernier resort was to be tried; the sovereign himself was to be attacked. That fine veil which this constitution had so wifely thrown round the person of the king was to be torn away, and every insult offered which could annihi* late the respect for an office so eflentiai to the constitution, in the mifreprefenT tations of the man who held it; and the sense of treason being in a manner ex-

ihey entered the coach on the other fide tinguiftied by gradual and daily usage, to where the man flood, and passed the grossest indecencies were made ufc through the coach one after another 0£ with that security and impunity eighteen times, to the aftonilhment of which cowardice required, and which it the coachman 5 who ran into the first found in attacking the only being ip.

public house be few, and in the utmost fright declared he bad been carrying a legion of devils, for he had counted eighteen of them, and they were coming o»t ftilL Vol.XUU

Britain who could not personally resent, and in whose favour the laws, by those perverted sentiments of the pmple, had lost their force. But the time will come Q^q wbc(\

306 Condufion of Mr Smelt’s speech* Vol^i.

when those infatuated men will fee the injustice as well as the absurdity of such a conduit, and when that sovereign, who neither could be brought to consent to the diminution of that empire which he was called to preserve entire, nor to despair of his means of defence, although the whole house of Bourbon thundered upon hiscoaft, will have ample justice done him in the hearts of every real friend of liberty, and of the glorious constitution of this country; and when, both from the example of his private virtues and his public firmntTs, real pa-triotism will receive its best encouragement.

Happy as we may be in such an example in so arduous a moment, this constitution would ill deserve the praises bestowed upon it by the wisest men of this and of every other country in Europe, if it depended rather upon the uncommon virtues of the prince, which an hereditary monarchy must render precarious, than upon the attributes of the sovereign. It is in that political perfection which this constitution has attributed to the sacred office of a British sovereign, that consists the shining part of the most admirable form of government that was ever conceived by the mind of any legislator. It is a false opinion, that the king is the servant of the public. He is the foul of the constitution, that which frees it from the tyranny of an aristocracy, and the anarchy of a democracy. The servants of the public are those ministers who surround him, through whom every alt that is done must pass, who arc alone respon-fible, amenable, and punishable. Nothing, therefore, can pass from the fove-Teign to the subject, but through the a-gencyof accountable servants; and thus the efTence of the constitution is never in danger, unless the madness or the wick-ednefs of the people render it so, as the sacrifice of the minister does not affelt it. Contempt, oravcrfion, may be nationally felt towards one minister, and his successor may fully restore the dignity of the office, because it is dependent upon the individual who fills it: but if the crown becomes contemptible in the eyes of the people, all its attributes fink for ever. That the king can do no wrong. That the king never dies, That the throne is never vacant, are ideas of the highest import ro the preservation of this constitution, and that liberty it was won-

I

derfully framed to preserve; and the difficulty felt at the Resolution, by the greatest men of that age, in making the word abdication con lift ent with the sense of the constitution, plainly shewed their knowledge of the importance of the royal office, for the preservation of that liberty they were then met to establish.

How different are the ideas which prevail in the present age ! Every man is now a legislator, and so far from being satisfied with that time-tried form of government, under which he finds himself, by which he had been protelted from infancy to manhood, and by which his property has been secured to him, he disdains its orders, arraigns its competition, and would 'totally change its form, as not coinciding with his own crude ideas of the state he would chuse to live under; and to effelt his purposes, avails himself of the moment in which the empire is struggling against the most powerful and most despotic of foreign enemies* The strange situation to which this poor country is now reduced, confirms too justly that which has been already obfer-ved, that Britannia, which formerly moved in a line so dignified as to draw the attention and respelt of all Europe, now finks down in a state of corruption, (and gives birth to millions of reptiles, each creeping their own separate way.

When those who possess, from an hereditary claim only, all the distinctions of society, and such an excessive disproportion of its benefits, as to have a thousand of their fellow-creatures employed in the hardest work, and with the poorest subsistence, to contribute to their case and luxury; — when such talk of the natural equality of men, and their right to change the government they live unr der, who can with-hold their aftonish-ment ? and yet this,ha9 been so long the fashionable language of this country, that all subordination and order, all decency is at an end; and has carried its effelts up to the crown; which, so far from having too great an influence, has been deprived of that most essential part of it which a proper education and early habits formerly implanted in the hearts of men; a general disposition to respelt it even in the warmest political contests.

Is the zeal of the present majority in parliament for carrying oo the war with vigour, against the most perfidious of enemies, meant to be produced as the proof of the undue influence of the

crpwn

Jmtc 1786. Conclusion of Mr Smelt's speech. 307

Grown ? n that majority who would not yield, to the independency of America; to the ruinous and di(graceful terms prescribed by the most ancient and most inveterate enemy of this country, France; to that uti pofftdetitof Spain, which was

to annihilate this country, by checking it in the only moment of effectual rcfift-ance, and by railing up a superiority of power against it during the cessation of arms; is a majority, 1 say, against such degrading proportions, the proof of the undue influence complained of! Iffo, Heaven grant that we. may never want such influence; and depend upon it, that this will be the universal prayer ot Britain. The tide of popularity will flow towards those men who have supported the empire under the greatest difficulties; and those who have preached up doCtrines which must tend todifgrace us as a nation, will flnk to their proper level.

Recover yourselves, citizens of Britain, if possible, from these delusions. Examine well those who are loudest a-tnong you; and fee whether there arc no profeffed republicans, no supporters of aristocracy amongst them. If they > have a Tight to change the constitution, what becomes of your property, what of your tenures? The leafcholder, the copyholder, nay the no-holder of any thing, may claim your freeholds: all right is annihilated, or endangered, when the government from which it is derived is annihilated, or cffentially changed. Unequal property can never be derived from the boasted natural rights or cqua-» lity of men. Anarchy, and its certain

i follower, defpotism, can only arise out

| of such doCtrines. Be affiured that in this constitution, as it now Hands, true j liberty, protection, and security, to per-suns and property, find their surest basis.: That fraall proportion of virtue which is

pecefTary for an elector to do justice to himself in his choice of a difcretc, fenfi*

1 blc, dispassionate man, for his reprefen-tative, and one whose fortune is sufficient to set him above the necessity of corruption, will ever preserve this consti-tntion. No changes in modes of election, no further exclulions from offices, are necessary j as such exclulions could only operate in preventing the men who are the ablest, and the fittest both for the senate and the ftatc,to become more useful to their country, by their double capacity \which can never be impoted up-

on the electors, as a re-elcCtton mnft follow the appointment.

The last object of this petition is, “ That no new taxes may be granted till effectual measures are taken for this general reform, the produce of which is to be applied to the necessitics of the state.” And as the two subsequent resolutions of the meeting, in favour of the petition, relate expressly to this part of it, viz. “ That a committee be ap-’ pointed to carry on the necessary correspondence for effectually promoting the object of the petition; and to prepare a plan of an association, on legal and constitutional grounds, to support that laudable reform, and such other measures, as may conduce to restore the freedom of parliament,*’ it may be proper to consider the whole under one view.

The money which is to be raised for the increasing efforts of the war, and for the immediate subsistence of the present means of defence, constitutes that loan, for the payment of the interest of which, new taxes must be granted: the loan, therefore, although instantly wanted for defensive as well as offensive war, must be delayed, till the object of the petition is effectually carried into execution; and as the measure petitioned for is a measure of latitude, the epithet effectual must likewise be deemed so. Who then can be the judges of its latitude, but those who first made use of it ? and that they indeed constitute themselves so, is evident from the subsequent refolatlons. The House of Commons must therefore correspond with the committees of reform; the committees of reform with each other, as well as with their full' meetings; and of course draw on a long difeuffion, before they can deem the term tffedual complied with, so as to proceed to the taxes, and of course to the existence of the loan. And should' not the House of Commons think themselves obliged to pay this attention to this awful committee, but proceed as their conscience and wisdom may direct, the association come9 in aid of this committee. Is this aid to be understood, a9 was dropped at the meeting, uncenfu-red ? are they to be told, that Ireland gained its object by 60,000 men in arms ? is this the mode the association is to adopt, for effectually carrying on this laudable reform ? Ireland in her most biting necessities granted the taxes for fix Qjl % months.

30$ Mr Smelt. Bp Bader* Root-grafting. VOL41*

months, a tune sufficient for the Britishi parliament to judge of and resolve upon her petition; tad Ihe has generosity to be convinced that (he had been hasty in the hoftite appearance (he nude, since justsce alone would have effected her purposes. But British petitioners do not only threaten, but they with-hold the iastant means of defence against a most powerful and most insidious eoemy at our door. Surely those respectable names which accompanied the first reqtieft for this meeting, could not have intended measures which carry such extraordinary appearances; appearances which mult have greatly alarmed, had there been the lead time given to conli-der them. But it is well known, that these subsequent resolutions were read in great haste at the conclusion of the meeting, after the passing of the petition, and in a manner that did not seem as if they were meant to be deliberately considered. But it is unnecessary to say more, to call the attention of the public to these subsequent resolutions, since they speak, as they were meant to do, in thunder.

When the state of this empire is considered, in the moment in which this petition is brought forth,—a moment in which the astonishing efforts of this country were railing it to a superiority over the forces of the whole House of Bourbon, and its own revolted colonies, — a moment in which the common danger was awakening again the and an-

nihilating that narrow felfilhnefs which counteracted the consolidation of the whole empire, — when the true principles of trade were beginning to be understood; which prove, that it should take its feat with equal freedom in every part of the empire, availing itself of every local advantage and produce, «— when the navigation*act, in America, and the restraints In Ireland, would be Judged as prejudicial to the whole empire, as if they existed in London,— and when, out of our evils, had arisen that liberality of mutual advantage, which most consolidate the empire, more than it could have been under that selfish character which pervaded every part before theconteft,—when there wanted nothing but temper and unanimity in the mother-country, to open the eyes of America to her true interest, and to effect a complete union of the whole empire under common advantage, common liber-

ty, and common support, the means for which might be settled without admit* ting the least possible injustice to the parts; — at such a moment to give (auction to dtvifioo, and to tell all our enemies that they might expect, from our internal coovulhons, what their united arms could not effect, is indeed a melancholy, and mottuoexpc&ed event.

A private letter written by Bp , died an the ijtk efjmn 17 52.

Good Six,

TTITHcq or where this will find you I know not: but I would not defer thanking you for the obliging satisfaction you express in my trandation to the fee of Durham. I wilh my behaviour in it may be such as to justify his Majesty's choice, and the approbation of it, which you (much too kindly 1 suppose) think to be general. If one is enabled to do a little good, and to prefer worthy men, thin indeed is a valuable of life, and will afford satisfaction in the close of it: but the change of station in itself will in no wife answer the trouble of it, and of get* ting into new forms of living; — I mean With respect to the peace and happinefii of one’s own mind; for in fortune, to be sure, it will. — 1 am, &c«

Bristol, Aug, 13.17 jo.

A new method of Ro*t-Grefti*gf~from a tift9 intuitd , A new Grafting and Inoculation,

fT,0 perform it, take a graft or sprig of a A young tree, which you ioteod to pcopa-

5ate, and a small piece of the root of ano-ler tree of the fame kind, or of a like genus, and whip-graft them together; oblcrving that the rind of the root join closely to that Of the graft. The piece of root will feed the graft, as the (lock does the other way.

This method of propagating fruit-trees »♦ both easy and expeditious; roots being more plentiful than (locks. By this method the pieces, or roots, of one erab-stock, for example, or of one apple-dock, will ferye for twenty or thirty apple-grafts; and the like of other trees, it is also an excellent method for railing such trees as will hardly bear grafting in the dock. Add, that trees thus grafted, bear (ooooer, and are more easily dwarfed, than any other way.

In this treatiie, reiterated grafting, or grafting by a double and treble incifioo, is recommended.

P AR-

Joae 1780* FttEamm: Commons on crown*iiiEucoceJ 30$ PARLIAMENT. [,..J

Immediately after Mr Dunning’s mo- of every fession, of such sum or sums of tio«» 44 That the influence of the crown money as have been paid in the course of has tocreased, is increasing, and ought the preceding year to members of par-to be duuiniftied,” was carried in a com- Hament, out of the produce of the civil mittee of the House of Commons, a* lift, or any other part of the public ve-gatnft the mmiftry, Aprils. °* venue, to them, or their use, ormtmft

ther consequent motions were made.— for them, or on any other account, spe-Mr Donning moved, 44 That it is com- cifying when, or on what account, fbdt pet eat to this House to examine and cor- money was paid.” red abuses in the expenditure of the Col. Onslow begged the Hon. Gentle* Civil-lift revenues, as well as in every o- man to explain, whether in his motion ther branch of the public revenue, when- he meant to include all Aims paid by vir* ever it shall appear expedient to the wif- tue of grants from the crown* such ns don of this House so to do.” Carried by duties on coals and other revenues; without a division. if he did not, he (henId move as an a-

I Mr T. Pitt moved, 44 That It is the mendmeat, to add the words, 44 by vir-) duty of this House to provide, as far as tue of grants from the crown.” Which may be, an immediate and effectual re- amendment was taken down by the dress of the abuses complained of in the clerk.

petitions presented to this House from Lord North declared, he had not a the different counties, dries, and towns, wiflior a detign to oppose the motion,

of this kingdom.” Carried likewise with- becanfe he thought it alked for a fair

out a division. account; for he was confeious no mem*

Mr Fox then moved, 44 That the said ber of that House received a shilling from

refoiurions be immediately reported to government which government ought to

the House.” This was opposed by Lord be ashamed to pay, or the member a*

North, as violent, arbitrary, and unu- (hamed to receive: he rose merely to

S fuaL But the motion was, notwith- submit, that the motion appeared to him

> tending, agreed to liable to objection, with regard to the in-

Mr Hufiey reported accordingly. That terpretation it would bear, and to the

the committee had come to the (kid re- extent of the main object of it. With

fblutsons severally. respect to the firit, many of those per.

It was then resolved by the House, Tons, such as the auditor of the exebe-That this report be now received. —The quer. See. derived the greater part of report was then made by Mr Hufiey, their emoluments from fees and perqui-and read the first and second time, and sites paid them on their i(Tiling the pu-agreed to by the House. blic money in salaries, c. did the mo-’

The committee having fat again on the *nc*ude those fees as well as^the spe-loth of April, Mr Dunning introduced £>*ry each ofheer received With [ a motion, by observing, that the House wfpcci to the extent, a motion for an ac-

having resolved, that the influence of count of id Hums of money paid to mem-

' the crown had incieased to such a de- ber» of parliament to be laid before that

grec that it ought to be diminished, it Hoofe, went to an interference with the

, behoved the committee to come to such °1t*lcr House; which might difobhge

refolutioos aa were most likely to cure I*1*» hccatife, though perfectly par-the evil. The fort of influence which hamentary and proper to purify them-had so much alarmed the people, was ^vcs» ®n(J to take care ot their own the corrupt pecuniary influence supposed VII*ue* it did not follow, that it was ne-to be exercised on the members of that ce®*y* or nght, for them toaflume the House; the first resolution, therefore, guardianflnp of the other House, or to which he meant to propose, would be J8 Pr.c^crY^j6 °^eir integrity, one calculated for the extirpation of that . Mr Dunning fa.d, that the motion in-influence, for preferring the indepen- ^d^d all money paid to members of dence of parliament, and for obviating parliament, whether anfing from pension, all suspicions of its purity, viz. 44 That Salary, or fees. And as to interference it is the opinion of this committee, That With the other House, either House had for the better preserving the independ- certainty a right so to interfere with the race of parliament, and obviating any other: and so tar was it from being like-

$19 Parliament; Commons

If in the present case to give umbrage, fee could afibre the committee, that a fi-ttjlar motion would be offered to the o-other House. The purity of Parliament was ah object within the province of each House to preserve; and the motion now tinder confederation was but one of several propositions all tending to one point, ▼iz. an effectual compliance with the prayers of the people; and to be the foundation of one or more bills, which necessarily would come under the consideration of the other House.

The Attorney-General pointed out a doubt, whether the motion extended to monies paid to public trustees. Large sums were paid to the auditor of the im-prest, and other officers, such as cofferers, treaforers, &c. who paid it away in Analler proportions. He declared he approved of the motion, because it tended to bring forth an exaeft account of all monies received from government by members of parliament; which would have this most important and salutary efl'etf, it would serve to disabuse the public, and remove from their minds the prejudices arising from the impression of those selfe and scandalous stories so injuriously and industriously propagated by artful, interested, and wicked persons, who wiihed to have it believed, that a large Share of the public money paired into the pockets of members of parliament; the awry contrary of which was the fats, as would appear from the account now called for.

Mr Macdonald asked, whether the motion extended to all monies paid to members. Possibly large sums might be paid to members in foreign employ, as ambafladore, commanders of armies, &c. which sums might be defined for great national services, and might not be distributed and applied before the end of the year, or the commencement of a fession; and the discovery of which sums having been lodged in the bands of such members so employed, being made known to our enemies, might be of material injury to the public interest. He conceived the motion meant merely to ascertain the Aims paid to members liable to influence in parliament, which members employed in foreign service were certainly not liable to He concluded with thanking the Hon. Gentleman for his motion, which, excepting in the particular adverted to, met with his hearty concurrence.

Mr Adam, and the Lord Advocate, objected to developing the application of

oot cfowQ-tnflucDce. Vot 42,

secret-service money, which had been always admitted to be a necessary part of the public expenditure.

Mr Dunning replied; and the que<-ftion being called for, an amendment was proposed by Col. Ban e, and agreed to, viz. substituting, in place of * thfc first day of every session,” these words, M within seven days after the first day of every fession.” Then the question was put, and carried without a division.

As soon as this was over, Mr Dunning made a motion, which, he said, would remove thirteen instancesof influence, by rendering, in future, the holding of certain offices incompatible with holding a feat in that House, in substance as follows, viz. “ That it is the opinion of this committee, That it is incompatible with the independence of parliament, that persons holding the offices of Treasurer of the Chamber, Treasurer of the Household, Cofferer of the Household, and his Clerk, Comptroller of the House-c Id, and his Clerk, Master of the Household, and the [fix] Clerks of the Green Cloth, be intitled to hold feats in this House, if such places shall be permitted to exist.” This motion the learned mover did not expert would be so chearfully accepted as his preceding one had been, but he hoped it should be carried by a majority, considering how much his first resolution April 6. [148.], had been ftrcrgthcned by the friendly assistance of a learned gentleman in his eye, who, not content with limply declaring, “ that the influence of the crown had increased, was increasing, and ought to be diminished,” had enforced the proposition, by advting, “ that jt was necessary for the committee to declare that it was so.%>

The Lord Advocate rose immediately# and said, he had no intention, in the couvfe of what he should say that evening, to advert to what had passed in a former debate; though he w«3 fair to own, that in moving the amendment adverted to by the learned gentleman, he had considerably strengthened a proposition which he certainly did not mean to have strengthened, but which he had moved the amendment to, in the hope that it would more forcibly imprest the minds of the comrriittce with the necessi-ty and propriety of negativing that pro-polition. — His Lordship then read an extract from a pamphlet written by Mr Butke, in 1770, intitled, cauji of theprtj'ent difrouuuts, \vhich, he

June 1^80. Parliament: On ptifeHc money p»d to members. '311

laid, perfectly coincided with his fen time nts. — He then objected to the motion on the double ground of tending, of a sudden, materially to alter the constitution, and being calculated to enforce a measure highly inexpedient. It might do honest men a serious injury, but would not prevent rogues from remaining dishonest. Those who were wicked and depraved enough to be willing to receive the w ages of corruption, would receive them; for various secret means of corruption were within the scope of human ingenuity. He justified, by part example, the propriety of having the great officers of state, and those who fer-ved near the person of the king, in parliament; declared he wished the constitution to remain as it was; and was not, at any rate, for coming so dccilively to a resolution, which, if carried, would make a violent alteration in it. If the i-dea had been suggested to the House by a bill, it would have appeared to him a much fairer way of proceeding; because, at the bringing in of such a bill, at its first or second reading, on its commitment, or in any of its fttbfequent stages, it might be coolly difeuffed; but, in the present instance, gentlemen were called On instantly to decide upon an extensive and important proposition, popped out of a member’s pocket, and wholly new to those whom it most immediately concerned. This mode of taking the House by surprise was ofitfelf sufficient to excite his objection to the motion; and the rather, because the Hon. and learned gentleman who made it, should he carry it, Would not be content with that, but, contrary to all parliamentary rule, would proceed a step farther, and report it instantly [309,]; thus not giving gentlemen time to deep upon their opinions, not affording them an opportunity to re-cal a rash vote, should it upon confederation appear to be so, they were hurried from one measure to another, and might do infinite mischief. He concluded with giving his negative to the resolution.

Mr Burke, in reply, said. With regard to the author quoted by the Hon. Gentleman, would any man say, that a writer was bound to follow, in all cases, and under all circumstances, those arguments which he had thought wife and proper Vn years ago, when times and circumstances were greatly different ? He defended the motion, on what the Lord Adfocat* b$d said, “ that it would, if

carried, do an injury to many ah honest man, but not prevent men willing to be corrupted, from being corrupted,” by desiring the committee, to remember that part of the Lord’s Prayer, which fays, Lead us not into temptation;* and telling them it was their duty to lef-fen the inducements to members to be corrupted, by taking away the means of corruption.

The Attorney-General said, that the motion, if carried, would stain and di(* honour those offices it was levelled at, bf holding them out as not fit to be trusted with members of parliament; and, in fact, would only remove the influence, if any these offices carried in them, from that House to the other; for if they were taken from the members of that House, they would certainly be given to 1 he members of the House of Lords. He defended placemen in general, and said, that to remove them would give room for secret and the worst kind of influence to be exerted. While men of honour held places, the degree of influence they were under was known, and their conduit obvious to comment* That the offices in question might be held by left honourable persons, and a greater mischief be done to the state and to the constitution.

Mr T. Pitt said, that so long as the House of Commons was incorrupt, and pure, the constitution was safe; for danger was not to be dreaded from the o* ther House.

Mr Dunning answered all the objections in progression; and the question being put, the numbers were. Ayes 215, Noes 213.

Ten of the minister’s friends, among whom were Col. North, and Sir Grey Cooper, were locked out on the division; and one of the opposition shared the fame fate.

Mr Crewe moved, March 14. for leave to bring in a bill for disqualifying freeholders who have places in the customs or excise to vote for members of parliament. — Lord Nugent said, he would oppose any bill that had for its object to disfranchise British subjects, and rob them of their birthright.— Mr Crewe said, he did not mean to take a-way, but only to suspend, the rights of freeholders under the description mentioned in the motion: he was only afraid that the independence of the freeholder should be loft in the exciseman.

-N*

'?I2 PW&roent: Commoot on cnnm-mflnoocr^ Vo!.42.

— No further oppofttion was made, and tfte motion pafitrd without a division.

Mr Crewe’s bill for disqualifying officers of the revenue to vote at elections

for members of parliament, was read a freend time, April 13. and he moved, that the hill Should be committed; assigning as a reason, that it was connected with the resolution of the committee of April 6. [148.], being one of the means to diminish the influence of the crown*

Mr Jenkinson oppofod the commit-Bscut; contending, that the House could Bot m justice disfranchise a large body of people, merely upon a suspicion, that uecause they held offices under the government they rauit be under the influence of the crown. He stated the materia) difference between coming to uefotations respeOing the mfolves, for preserving the independency of parliament, and voting away the rights of the flibjeCtsout of doors.

Ld John Cavendish said, the biR held out an option to the revenue-officer, either to quit his office, or to suspend his right of voting while he held it. This, far front being a hardship, would free the revenue-officers from a yoke the most intolerable, a yoke that made them sacrifice cither their livelihood or their conference, being often reduced to the alternative, either of disobliging their friends and neighbours by voting cootrary to their incli-Bations, or of iofing their places.

Lord Nugent said, the biR was levelled at the vitals of the constitution, and would, if passed, cot up Liberty by the root. Where the rage for reformation would flop, he could not telt: it might extend to placemen of every de-oroinaticu; and if the injustice were sot opposed in the first instance, it would over-run and deluge the whole laud. It had ever been a maxim with all conttitu-tional politicians, to destroy every dif-tinftion between the persons employed by the crown, and the people at large, that, being confounded together, they might have but one interest in the commonwealth. Bat modern politicians, acting on different principles, were unconstitutionally drawing a line between ihe Servants of the crown; and, confe-qvrntly, as unwisely as impolilically. Setting up two distinct interests in the country, which every sensible and patriotic fbtefman would endeavour to prevent.

^|r C. Turner QQnUnded* that the

Hoofe most pass the bill; the people of England had petitioned for it, and who would gainsay the people of England i They woold have their way, they had a right to it, for the constitution of this country was a republic. He held tbit language to the people in Wcftmmfler hall [338J, and be would hold it every where. He wished to fee pore republi-canism establtshed; not indeed that be wished to abofifh the species of monarchy that fub&fted, but be was Satisfied that our form of government was republican: his father and grandfather bad been friends to his Majesty’s father and grandfather, and So would be to his present Majesty, if his monarchy were properly limited.

Sir Thomas Clavering having difap-proved-of the bill, Mr Powis was greatly hurt, that a member who bad bce» one of the glorious 333 on the 6th of April, could so far forget the vote be had then given, as to oppose a biR that had for its object the diminution of the influence of the crown, which, by that very vote, he had declared ought to be diminished.—Sir Thomas replied. That he did not bind him Self by that vote to look upon every meafore that Should be propoSed by every member as the fittest to diminish that influence; adding, that however ready be might be to concur in any meafore to diminish influence as far as it respected the members of that House, yet he was peculiarly delicate how he Should attempt to take away the franchises of those who had font them all into parliament. — In this. Sir Matthew Whyte Ridley, who was likewise one of the 333, concurred with Sir Thomas Clarcring.

The Lord Advocate said, it would be a moil cruel thing, to reduce men to the necessity of Starving, who had quitted other employments, and could not return to them, or of giving up their right to« chufo their representatives.

The force of the arguments of the speakers on one Side formed to turn against taking away the rights of any class of subjects not convicted of any crime to> di8franchifo them; and as hints were thrown out by Mr Powis and other gentlemen, that it might be proper to bring on amendments in the committee, to extend the disqualifications to poftma-fters and their deputies, and to artificers in the dock-yards, this seemed to spread an alarm* and add Strength to the oppo-t

Ction

June 1780 Parliament: Oa prorogation or dissolution* 313

fition to the bill; for it was said, the navy*and the army might be under the inflaencv of the crown, and therefore the officers must be disfranchised: there was no knowing where it might stop.

By the speakers on the other fide it was urged, that the rights of the subject, by the foregoing mode of reasoning, might be said to be invaded; yet no one thought so; the copy-holders were excluded from voting, and commissioners of the customs from fitting as members.

On a division, the numbers were, For t&mmitting the bill 195, Against it 126. — So the bill was thrown out, and Lord North found himself once more in a majority.

On Monday, April 24. Mr Dunning got up to make a motion, which, but for the Speaker’s indifposition *, be would have made on the Friday fe’ennight before.— He began with disclaiming, asabfurd, Mr PowisYs position [31a ], That every gentleman of the majority of 233 on the 6th of April, was bound by that vote to concur in every measure that might be afterwards proposed in consequence of it. No gentleman in that House was accountable to him, or to any other mem-

[Bafincfs was interrupted on Fritfay, April 14. by the Speaker's being suddenly taken ill. The House expressed the greatest concern. He tridied to resign: but that was over-ruled. A new Speaker tempore was proposed; but that too was rejected, and it was agreed to adjourn for a week. — Mr E-den urged the irreparable injury to the merchant* from the lea ft delay to the American exportation bill, which was hourly expc&cd from the Lords: to obviate this, Treasury-warrants were allowed to supply the place of the bill. — This happened to be a lucky circumstance; for the bill came down from the Lords so altered, that, to avoid a breach with the Lords, it was judged proper to rejedk the bill entirely, and to frame a new pne. — The House adjourned from Friday April 14 10 Monday April *4. — Both fides of the House, the ministry and the opposition, paid the highest compliments to the Speaker. — The speeches on this occasion remind os of the elegant compliments that passed between the Commons of frehod and the Earl of Halifax in ff6% [*4. no, 334.], when the former resolved to augment the e-molomeots of the Lord Lieutenant, and the Utter difinterestedly declined to accept of he augmentation himself, though he approved of the resolution's taking place with respect to his successors.1

Vql.XLU.

her, for the vote he should give; but every gentleman-was accountable to his constituents, his country, and himself: he ought not therefore to give a vote that he could not reconcile to his conference and his honour.—The measure he had then immediately in view, was to prevent a dissolution or prorogation of parliament, till such steps should be taken as might satisfy the demands of the people. He knew it might be objected, that summer was an improper time for parliament to fit; and that if it should be required that the parliament should fit beyond its usual time, the business of the nation would not be a jot the better attended to, as both business and pleasure would call away the greatest part of the members, and leave the benches empty. For his part, be did not care how empty the benches might be; he did not care how the House was filled, provided the objects he had in view were fulfilled. He had engagements both of a profitable and pleasurable nature; and he was ready to sacrifice both for the public good. — The objcCt of the county-petitions was twofold: to promote (economy in the expenditure of public money, and to leflfcn the influence of the crown. The former might perhaps be answered by the hill brought in by the Noble Lord in the blue ribbon, for appointing a commission of accounts: the latter must be answered by various expedients. A large foundation had been laid by the resolution of the 6th of April: it could not be.supposed that the resolutions he had hitherto proposed could raise the fu-perstructure to any height proportionable to the foundation; it must be the business of time to find out materials for that purpose, and it was to gain that time that he had resolved to draw up the following motion, which he then made, “ That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, reqtiefting that he would not dissolve the parliament, nor prorogue the present fession, until proper measures shall have been taken by this House to diminifit the influence of the crown, and to correct the other evils complained o. in the petitions of the people.”

Mr T, Pitt seconded the motion.* The aueftion before the House was big with the fate of the nation: if the waters of discontent should be collected by the rejection of it, and he made no doubt but they would, the torrent would mock all bounds; it would sweep all before it;

K r for

314 Parliament: On prorogation or difiblution* Vol. 42.

for no one could say to it, So far thou shalt go, and no farther.” He therefore conjured the House to adopt the motion, and thereby prevent those dif-afters which he feared would fall upon the nation if it should be rejected.

Lord Nugent opposed the motion, for two reasons: 1. Because it was impoffi-ble to judge how long gentlemen might make the parliament fit if they should carry their motion; and, 2. Because the measures that might be proposed, and for the passing of which the parliament was to be kept fitting, did not depend solely upon the House of Commons, as another branch of the legislature must debate every matter before it could pass into a law. Upon the whole, the measure smelt strongly of 1641* when the parliament was made perpetual. The distradtions among the people were certainly alarming; by Handing on American grounds the present opposition had certainly, till very lately, been very unpopular; he recommended, therefore, moderation to them in their prosperity; for if the present war, and rage for reformation, should continue much longer, we should haveabankrupttreafury, a difeon-tented people, and an impaired constitution.

MrTownfhend said, he had not flood tipon American, but on English ground, and there he had opposed the measures ofadminiflration.

Mr Adam expressed the greatest respect for many of the names subscribed to the petitions, and for many of the persons who were of the different committees. They were men of the greatest rank, the greatest property, and the greatest abilities. No intentional danger to the constitution could be attributed to such men. But he could not carry his deference to them to such excess, as to bind up his own understanding, and fetter his judgement. It became requisite, therefore, before he proceeded to the question, to consider how far the petitions were binding upon parliament. Many people say, that the petitions must be binding: but ff you examine upon what ground any person, the greatest favourer of the people, makes that affection, it is because he agrees in opinion with the prayer of those petitions. But let us suppoie, that those petitions went farther than any person in this house thinks they ought to go, to alterations in the ^onflitution that we are all agreed in

thinking detrimental: should we not all agree, that such a petition would not, ought not to bind the House ? If that is the case, we ought to hear no more of that argument so derogatory to the independence of this House, that this, that, and t'other thing, must be done, because it is required by the people in their petitions, but ought to difeufseach question upon its special merits.

He then came to the motion, and said, it naturally divided itself into two heads; to add refs the crown not to prorogue the present session, or to dissolve the present parliament. With respcdfc to prorogation, he was well aware there were many instances of such motions: but with respect to dissolution, not knowing what the motion was to be, he bad had not an opportunity of examining the journals as to the precedents; but be believed it was the first instance of such a motion; and he was confirmed in that opinion, by the Hon. Gentleman who made the motion not taking notice of any precedent. It was hardly to be supposed, that a person so learned in the parliamentary, as well as the municipal law of the kingdom, would have passed it over, if there had been any such. As to the case of 1641, which made the long parliament, he did not conceive it to be at all applicable to the present purpose. The circumstances of passing that act were so remarkable, that it was impossible to forget it. It was carried to the King for the Royal assent along with the bill of attainder of Lord Strafford; and Charles is supposed to have been so much occupied with the cruel necessity of giving his assent to that bill, that the other passed unnoticed. But they differ in this respect: In 1641, it was a bill, this is an address. And they further differ, that the septennial act extinguishes this parliament at the end of seven years; at that time no fixed duration being appointed for parliament, that act rendered it perpetual, that is, gave it existence till the grievances of the people were redressed, while these grievances were In the creation of those who promoted the bill. But he did not mean to argue, that because there was no precedent for addressing the crown not to dif-folvc the parliament, that therefore we have not a right so to address the crown. That right is one of those that he ever would maintain in this House. But the motion was to be adopted with greater

^aution^

June 1780. Parliament: On prorogation or difTolution. 31J

.caution, on account of its being unprecedented.

But it it necessary to consider what the consequence of this motion is to be. If you arc to redress the abuses complained of, it must be done by bill; if that bill is rejected either in this House or the other House, it is impossible, according to the law of parliament, to bring that bill back again during the fame fclfion; and therefore no good can arise from it. And it is probable that the lame parliament that rejects the bill this fession, will rejetft the fame bill next felCon.

In aquestion that relates to parliament fitting to redress grievances, we should know the extent of them. The petitions were Ample and intelligible, but the explanation given of them amounted to a total change in the constitution. — The petitions prayed for three things; an abolition of unmerited pensions, of useless finecurcs, and of the exorbitant emoluments of necessary offices. And this they pray for in order to attain the reduction of influence, and the promoting oeconomy. But as these petitions are explained by saying, they pray for a free parliament, every species of alteration of the constitution, dangerous, and perhaps destructive to the happiness of the people, is brought under this head. Annual parliaments, and an increased representation, were already proposed; and if we were to form a calculation of the firides that reformation had taken from the first York meeting [50.] to the last meeting in Westminster-hall [171.], it would be difficult to say, to what lengths we might go in innovating upon a constitution, in which civil and political liberty was more extended, was more complete, than it ever had been in any age or any country. That the liberty of antiquity was narrow and confined when compared with that of this country. In the republics of ancient times, a few individuals enjoyed perfect freedom, while the great bulk of mankind were the absolute slaves and property of those few. Here slavery was unknown, and a complete enjoyment of every valuable right, of every blessing society can bestow, was extended to eight millions of people, unimpaired and uncncroached upon. Was it a matter of small importance to agree to a motion that might impair this glorious system ? Had any infringement been made upon the great bulwarks of our liberty, which demanded such an alteration ? External grievances h.ul ta-

ken place; and the Noble Lord below him [Nugent] had given an epithet.to the war, which sufficiently described the extent of those calamities. But was it wife, was it just, was it reasonable, to new-model the constitution, and run a risk of destroying what our ancestors had handed down to us as the first of blef-sings ? to make internal changes, bc-cause we had external grievances to complain of? Was it to be supposed, that an increased representation, or annual parliaments, would ease us of the necessary taxes, diminish the burthen of the national debt, or bring about that safe and honourable peace, which wc must all agree in wiihing to fee accomplished

He then went into the subject of tells, as they had been spoken of, and proposed, at some of the public meetings; fta-ted their unconditional tendency; laid* that he had always entertained the most perfect con vision, that an obligation to obey the instructions of constituents, was unconstitutional *. This being the Cafe, he reprobated the idea of tells, as being Hill more destrultive of the freedom of parliament. The very essence of parliament was the power of deliberation; and the House should be equally1 jealous, and equally averse to every thing that destroyed that privilege. Its consequences were equally detrimental* whether it flowed from the undue influence of the crown, or the undue influence of the democracy. It was the business of every man who loved the constitution, to reprobate every test that fettered parliamentary freedom. [Here Mr Townihend said across the House, * there are no such tells.”] Mr Adam took up that assertion with great animation. Does the Hon. Gentleman mean to assert, that no such thing was talked ever of ? does he mean to say, that no meeting has ever difeufled the idea, and approved of it ? And if we are to judge of the spirit of reformation, of the rapid progress it is making, in’ time to come, by what has already passed, will it be at all furpriQng to find the spirit of this constitution ddlroyed, the liberty of parliament annihilated, and a wild democracy controuling in every inltance the wisdom of the legislature? The bell* the wisest men, when they attempt a reformation, can never tell how far it is to

[Sec Mr Burke [36. s*3-]°n thissubject.]

Rra go,

316 Parliament: On prorogation or dtfToIutiod? Vo). 4I*

gq. The history or all ages evinces, that reformers have always exceeded their original designs. It becomes necessary, therefore, that the learned gentleman who made the motion, should tell the house what he means to do: he (hews us that many things mult be done, and we are to be led on step by ltep, without previous information, to alter a constitution which has made us so long free and happy. If they find fault with the present fyltem, they must have some other more complete, and better calculated to preserve or promote the freedom which they wish to establish. That fy-stem should be unfolded, that we may judge of its excellence, or its defers; and not be led blindfold to adopt measures, that, beginning in anarchy, must end in defpotism. It is not that I impute an intention to produce those evils to any one. He agreed with the Hon. Gentleman who seconded the motion, [Mr Pitt], that you could not say to the people, “ Thus far (halt thou go, and no farther.1' it was upon that principle he wished to avert an appeal to that quarter. The madness of popular reformation had never failed to deprive those of power who wish to check it, and to place it in the hands of those whose desperate situation makes them rejoice in changes. Those who wish to carry innovation to a certain length, will find, that their withdrawing themselves when it exceeds that limit, will be of no avail. — He agreed perfectly with an Hon. Gentleman, who spoke of the virtues of the last century, in the reign of Charles I. in all the language of pane* gyric. If ever there was a time in which human nature displayed a pre-eminence of virtue and capacity, it was upon the breaking out of the troubles of that period. But the hiltory of that period proves the dangerof innovation, when begun, even from the most powerful reasons, and the most upright motives. In the beginning of that unfortunate prince’s reign, every dangerous encroachment had been made in the political and civil liberty of the country. The property, even the life, of the individual, was hardly safe. It became the great, the virtuous characters of those days, to maintain their freedom, and to check the encroachments of a mi (taken monarch. Yet the virtues, the abilities, of those times, were not able to stop the wild spirit of reformation when it bad once got loose. The eminent characters that

withdrew themselves from the popalat cause when it had gone too far, in vaift attempted to re-establish the constitu* tion. They had allowed the defperatl, the needy, and the unprincipled, to fix themselves in power, beyond the poffi-bility of controul. Then it was, that the amiable, the virtuous, the enlightened motives of Lord Falkland were of no avail; then it was that Lord Northumberland, Lord Manchester, and the Earl of Essex bimfeif, in vain relinquished the party whose power they had too fatally established. And what was the consequence of that fatal spirit? The person who got the power, firitt voted one part of the other House useless, then voted the whole of it unuecefiary. Armed men were brought into the lobby, to detain those members in custody who were likely to have voted against those violent resolutions. At last, the only remaining part of the constitution, which indeed was so garbled, that it was hardly valuable, was dilTolved. And how was this cffc&ed ? Three file of mufqucteers were brought within that House. The mace was taken from the table. And when this violent step was opposed by a young man of considerable falhion, of great abilities, of remarkable eloquence, whose quickness of conception enabled him to seize every advantage for his party, whose pre-eminence was great when the Protestor's political existence had not begun, upon whose (boulders Cromwell rose to power; when this person opposed the dissolution of the House, Cromwell seized him by the cloak, and in the ludicrous language of those times said, “ Oh ! Sir Harry Vane 1 Sir Harry Vane! the Lord deliver me from Sir Harry Vane.’* Thus did he take the mace from that table, and establish the most oppressive and arbitrary defpotism that ever cursed a country. Mr Adam said, he thanked God there was a great difference between those times and these; that then encroachments on the liberties of mankind induced the greatclt and most virtuous to seek redress, while at present the liberties of the people remained unimpaired. But, he said, all attempts to appeal to the people were dangerous. He never heard of, nor ever saw an intention of making use of that dangerous instrument, without recollecting the emphatic words of an illustrious author, who wrote about the period of which he had been

/peaking*

1780^ Parliament: On prorogation or difiblutkra. 317

(peaking. Id describing youth, he fays, * Youth grasps more than it can hold, stirs mure than it can quiet, and flies to the cod without considering the means.” He wished those who appealed to the people, and made them the instrument of reformation and change, might not grasp more than they can hold, stir more than they can quiet, and fly to the end without confidenng the means.

Mr Adam then begged leave to recal the house to the question. The present motion, he said, if carried, implied, that parliament must agree to whatever should be set forth in petitions as necessary to be done: without supposing parliament was to do so, the motion was unnecef-lary and nugatory; therefore parliament must be supposed by implication to be obliged to redress what are, or what are called abuses: A doctrine so ruinous, so onconftitutiona), that he never could subscribe to it; and trusted that the House would not give its assent to such a principle, by adopting the present motion.

Mr Fox spoke next. He said, the ' House had solemnly pledged themselves to destroy that baneful influence which undermines the liberty of the country: unless they agreed to the motion, they betrayed the people, by leaving its in the power of the minister to prorogue or difiolve the parliament before the means of redress are applied. If the motion ibould pass, though it did not bind the crown, there still remained in the executive power the ability to difiolve the parliament, or prorogue the present session: yet, he believed no minister would be so rash, or so wicked, as to advise his Majesty to difiolve the parliament, when that House had addressed him not to do it. He trusted there was yet enough of weight and of power in that House, to make good its own resolutions, and to carry them into effect; that the respect ' In which the executive power held its advice, was too great to admit of a con-dud contrary to its wifties, properly and humbly expressed. He then alluded in the most glowing expressions of rhetoric to the Etuation of the country, and said, that upon the fate of the present question depended, whether this constitution, which had been the glory and pride of the world, was to remain the boast of mankind; or whether Englishmen were again to fight for their liberties, were again to take the field in opposition to ar-

bitrary power 5 and whether the days of anarchy and defpotism, which the Hoffi Gentleman had gone over, were to recur, and after a seene as mortifying as that struggle bad taken place; a rest oration was to follow upon those abject terms of fcrvility and meanness, which was perhaps more disgraceful to this country than the seene that preceded it on bringing back Charles II. without terms or Amputation.

The Hon. Gentleman, he observed, had said, that the motion supposed a ne-ceflity on parliament, implicitly to comply with what the petitions required; and that either House of Parliament, by refuting bills offered for the redress of abuses, might prevent any advantage from the motion being carried. The motion, he laid, was, to address the King, not to prorogue the session, or difiolve the parliament, till measures were taken to redress the abuses complained of: did the taking of some measures oblige parliament to do any thing that was improper? Must not some measure be taken to comply with the petitions ? and was it not necessary, if they meant to grant the people their just requests, to keep parliament fitting till that was done ? And though bills might be refused, in either House, was it not possible to redress abuses by other means than by a bill? Might not that house, for instance, address his Majesty, to instruft his miuifters, not to give a contract to a member of parliament [188.] i and would it not be a matter that the executive power would hardly chuse to deny upon an address of that House? The grievances of the people would be heard, ought to be heard, nay must be heard.

The Hon. Gentleman had talked of tests to members of parliament being uncon ftitutional. Though they had been talked of, Mr Fox laid, they had not been adopted but in three places, Yorkshire [218.], Middlesex [2x8.], and the city of Westminster [174.], Ls*r Joseph Mawbey taid, “ and Surry.’j. — Well, then, four places have agreed to tests. But, continued he, suppose them general, is it remarkable, that those who are going to vote for members of parliament should be desirous of knowing the sentiments of the person they are toele&, upon any particular and important subject that is to come under parliamentary dil-cufiion ? A test is only a means to come at the opinions of those we are to chuse.

3t$ Parliament s On prorogation or dissolution. Vol. 42;

He took notice of the rejection of the contract-bill, by the Lords fiM.]: did not every part of that business shew, laid be, that mioifterial influence had interfered? that the rejection was carried, contrary to the sense of the majority of hereditary and independent Peers, by the Scotch Lords and the bench of Bl-ffiops? Gentlemen argued about the right of the House of Lords. They had a right: but would they dare to counteract the wishes of the people in matters in which they themselves had no concern? — He concluded, that the motion was so material for what the House had pledged itself to, that he could not believe it would be rejected.

The Lord Advocate opposed the motion. The contract-bill, he said, was a ridiculous bill, brought in merely to court popularity, and with a view to 4am favour with the mob. [Here he was called to order by Mr Townshend]. He rofc again, and said, he could oot but think it a little unfair, to be debarred from speaking of a mere abortion with some little freedom, when he, from day to day, heard acts of the legislature, acts now in full force, reprobated without mercy. He saw no reason why the strangled child should be more gently handled, than the maturer offspring of the legislature. He paid, the highest 'Compliments to the Lord Chancellor, for his conduct respcCting the bill; declaring, that it well became a man of his manly mind, of his majcftic foul, of his solid judgement and excellent understanding, to act exactly as he had done respcCting it. That Noble and Learned Lord, he was sure, would always treat nonsense so whenever it came into his hands. He would neither court one fide nor the other; neither dread popular resentment, nor be influenced by ministerial favour; but would walk (trait forward, and do his duty as became a British Peer in parliament. . He reprobated the motion, which he ludicrously termed a recruiting officer, sent out by.oppolition to beat up . for grievances and enlist motions!

Gen. Conway supported the motion warmly.

Ld George Germain spoke against the question, as a mode of interfering with the prerogative of the crown, neither warranted by proof of its being necessary, nor supported on any grounds of good argument. His Lordship defended the conduct of the other House, and quoted,

as a case in point to their conduct respcA-ing the contract-bill, a Peerage-bill ient down by them to the Commons, which the Commons rejected as an attempt to alter the conffitution, which they at the time declared the Lords had no right to meddle with. His Lordship argued upon the rights of the House of Commons, describing its power over the purse of the people as sufficient to answer every end the Commons were cooftitutionally meant to have at their will and pleafnrc.

Col. BarrC made an animated reply, stating two extrads, the one from the parliament-roll of Edward 111. in which that prince called a parliament expressly to hear and redress the grievances of the people, and for no other purpose. The Colonel said, he took his extract from Lord Somers's remark on the passage; which remark he read to the House: the amount of it was, the learned Lord’s declaration, that the passage (truck him u> forcibly, that be wiffied it possible to have had it transcribed with a run-beam! The other extract the Colonel read, was from an old Latin book, intitled. Da /#-ntndo parliamtntot; and dated, that if a King dissolved or prorogued his parliament while one petition of the people, complaining of grievances, remained uaredrefled, that King was perjured.

Upon a division the motion was rejected; Ayes 203, Noes 254.

Mr Dunning moved, that his committee should be adjourned to Monday next.

Mr Fox said, he wiffied he had adjourned it for ever; for the House had that day completely rejected the petitions of the people, and bad falsified and broken their words with them: that they had violated their faith, and refeinded the resolution of the 6th of April.

Ld North laid, there was yet time for deliberation, and for business; and though a majority bad rejected the motion of to day, the House might be very seriously inclined to attend to the prayers of the petitions.

Mr Fox said, they muff leave the House, if those members, who, after having declared that the influence of the crown ought to be diminished, had voted against every meafute that tended to that effcCt, did not themselves propose measures; /which he thought they were pledged to do, and which he trusted they would.

HR-

Jane 1780.

HEROIC EPISTLEfrom Serjeant Bradshaw,

in the frames, to John Dunning,

C»4«0

PRide of the wond'ring bar! whose potent art

Can guide the judgement, or mifletd the heart; Prince of Chicane ! deep vers'd in ev'ry wile To cifcomvent a jodge, and mobs beguile; 'Whom crouded (enates fondly HA'ning hear, While kings themselves thy declamation fear; Thee Bradshaw hails,—his troeft, dearest son.

And bids thee (natch the palm which once he won.

What boots it, Dunning ! with uneeafing toil.

To rack thy brain, and waste thy midnight-oil; To store thy mind with learning's doll parade. And all the tafielefs jargon of the trade.

If ooc some objedfc thou afpir’A to gain,

To crown thy labours, and reward thy pain ? Various the points to which Ambition tends, And hard the (boggle which in Greatness ends; But when Succcfs has crown’d our bold eBay, When Fortune leads us on, and points the way, Labour grows pleasant, Disappointment (lies. And Exultation joys to snatch the prize.

Such as thou now art, Dunning, I was once! Bought by each client, dreaduu by each dunce; Nurs'd in the lumber of the legal school,

I team'd the art to make mankind my tool: Thence, step by (tep, to eminence 1 rose, Shifted the scale of justice as I chose,

'Till last, disdaining meaner paths, I turn'd To politics, and as a patriot buro’d:

Slave to dominion, tyrant in my foul,

I felt my meanneft, yet defpis’d controul; Too proud my rightful sovereign's pow'r to own.

With savage hand I pluck'd him from his throne.

As a foul felon, dar'd my King to try,

And judg'd anointed Majesty to die.

On thee Democracy now calls for aid,

Paots to behold her flag again displayed,

And marks in thee another Bradshaw rile, With royal frcrifice to feast her eyes.

Nail the glad moment, Dunning ! spread the

fail.

And catch, while yet it blows, the fav'ring gale:

Fame greater far than mine the deed shall crown.

And hand to endless ages tby renown.

4 Bra dshaw, a lawyer, was of thi High Court of JuJiiee on the trial Charles I. Even according to the principles which, in such a -Hatton, hi wax perhaps obliged to adopt, bts behaviour in general will appear not a and

borons; hut when we consider him as a subjeff, and one toe of no high char offer, himself to his

unfortunate Sovereign, Hi style will be to

the loft degree audacious and info lent. H M *,

V9

What tho* my lenience doom'd my King to bleed?

Charles gave caule to justify the deed:

Illegal taxes drain'd the murm'ring land. Indignant (enates heard his harlh command. Prerogative advanc'd with dang'rous Aride,

And grasp'd dominion which the laws deoy’d. Refinance then was just.-—But when the throne Has fix'd the legal power like its own ;

Has ne'er infring'd the rights of free debate.

Or rods despotic o'er a falling (late;

How greater far thine art! how worthier praise! With (bA'ring breath the fainting flame to raise ;

To govern crouds obedient to thy call.

And (hake St Jamss's, as I (hook Whitehall!

The iron is red hot, (Irike boldly now.

And tear the circle from the regal brow:

Pluck of each fence which guards the sacred And nip the bud of blooming MajeAy. [tree. Let no remorse invade thy purpos’d mind,

But to one (Undard level all mankind.

Fix’dtn assurance, and with faction loud. Inculcate maxims on the gaping croud.

Let dire Court-lnfloenee in each period roll, 'Till boding terrors rack the hearer's foul. Swear, you alone your country can redeem. And clothe with quaint device the glorious theme:

New-fangl’d modes of eloquence invent.

Where words supply the place of argument.

If wrong your premises, increase the cry In just proportion to the falsity:

Let abAraft proportions Aun the ear.

Which firike at once, and free diJculfion fear; And truths, fel£*evident, which Aand aloof. Abhor debate, and dread the touch of proof: Then argue Aoutly, every doubt remove,

And fadh unproveable from pamphlets prove.

Methinks I fee thee riling in thy place.

Great Demagogue! — Epitome of Grace! Display thy Aorea of elegance and ease,

'Till thrice three hems thy captive voice release:

Made vocal now, it founds the fearful tale.

And runs thro’ ev'ry note of Fa&ion's scale. Like his who erA, with love of glory warm. Bellow'd orations to the gath'ring Aorm,

Thy voice grows Aronger from opposing found. While, Order!" “ Hear him!" thro' the House resound:

There Gordon reprobates a Popish court. Here Luttrsll weeps the lofc of Port 1

Bu R k t's Fury blows her horn, (hakes Snowdon* bale.

And moves old Coder Edris from his place; Barrs and Pitt to swell the concert join, And Bambsr loudly calls his troops to dine; Laughters, unheard till now, complete the brawl —

Thy obligate) voice surmounts them all!

Who is there, JoA to ev'ry sense of (hame. Who io superioc vice has fix'd his fame

Q?

POETICAL KSSATS.

3*»

POETICAL ESSAYS.

Or who, with empty purse, his pifijons yet Pams for the ftcw, or daket the darling bet ? Thcfcarethy tool*,—thefe mov’d with dex-t’rous skill,

Can raise a dorm obedient to thy will:

Poor servile poppets, fit for ev’ty use,

For treafom, riots, votes, or fool abofe:

Mod harmless in themselves, but, well apply’d. May (hake the basis of England?* pride, 'With savage joy impel her headlong fate.

And, more than Catt lt w t«, destroy a (Ute.

But it there one whom real virtue fires.

With purer thoughts and more resin’d desires, With temper’d warmth, and manly spirit bold, Whose honed palm ne’er itch'd for sordid gold, Whom titled Honour damps with judice great. Whom Fortune marks for influence in the date;

Whose nicer feelings make him (hun a court. The mart of principle, and knave’s resort;

But which alike redrain his cautious tread. From those mad schoolt where patriot boys are bred

If such there be, invite not him to join,— Deem him unfit for purposes like thine.

He ne’er, to aid a democratic cause,

Will floop to falsehood, or pervert the laws; He, nobly firm, will dem the boid'rous flood. And with ClRMAKTHtN plan his country’s good.

But thousands dill remain; the reign of Vice Has damp’d on ev’ry venal front its price:

Some pant for honours, some for riches cry. And some for indolence and pensions sigh;

Strike but with pladic hand the proper note, True to the touch, the nice-tun’d patriots vote; Pursue the charm, the mighty work is done, , And madness ends what headdrong seal begun.

F—-x, whole drain’d coffers no resource af* Who lod his all at Brookes's magic board, [fold, Frantic beholds the fleeting moments fly.

And dreads the prospect of futurity.

Judgements, annuities, and bonds compose A terrible sum-total of his woes:

Christians and Jews, a long expecting band,

In double file to seize the moment, (land:

A dissolution mud complete his fate,

And (hist his lodging to the grate:

For patriots, steady in the final led things.

Hate the King's-bench, because it is the King’s. Him Fadion claims her own,—his pen, his tongue,

Ring ev’ry change, so oft by patriots rung.

End how it will, he dill mud be a winner, Secure election, and procure a dinner.

Great Poverty ! 'tis thou compell'd the deed; 'Tit fit the hungry (enator should feed.

Pick up enough to pay the tavern’s (core.

And purchase freedom for /even winters more.

Behold another candidate for glory!

Not less recorded in Rebellion’s dory:

He quits his flock, his duty, and his God,

And rules associations with his nod;

A second Horne, he grafpa the wreath of

Fame;

A fceond Hoknk, admiring crouds proclaim! May the fame fate attend the virtuous pair! The same reward their wondrous worth de* dare!

Fame! swell thy loudest note* tell all the earth,

Fadion now gives a second saviour birth; Repeat the straiq, let all her Tons rejoice,

And hail great Wyvil [i6».] with exulting Son of a pensioner, whose hoary head [voice! Bows to the minider for daily bread;

A footman's grandson now directt the date. While truckling Peers his high bcheds await.

Fain would my feeble pen attempt to raise Some lading monument to Norton’s praiic: But ah! too arduous and sublime I deem So great, so good, so virtuous a theme:

Let him be herald of his own applause.

And boad himself the hero of the laws, [a5o.J What tho* Patrician riches he enjoys,

Places for life, and pensions for his boys, Thankless he grumbles, yet aspires at more. And bites that gen’rous hand he lick’d before. Proceed, great Speaker ! dop the warm de-. bate,

Thy moded worth and high pretensions date; Produce thy witness to inforce thy tale, [fail. And /wear ’tis true, when gentler methods E’en I, grown grey in insolence, cry, Hush ! And my cheek reddens, which ne’er knew a While Satan finiles triumphantly to fee [blulh: His own ingratitude>reviv*d in thee.

Tho* worth like thine on earth be ill repaid. Here be allured, a difTrence will be made:

Here (halt thou flourish, here direct the helm. The Lord Chief Justice of th* infernal realm.

Such are the tools, thy glorious work to form. To sweep the billows, while thou rul'd the dorm:

Like winds broke loose, all obdades they brave,

Rush o’er the plain, or swell the angry wave; Deform with rude confusion Nature’s face.

And with one ruin mark their direful trace $ Their mighty ruler, thou ! with potent sway. To urge their fury, and direct their way. Proceed then, Dunning; in thy hold career;

Make Premiers tremble, and their Maders fear: For thee shall Fame her nobled wreath* entwine. In Fadion’s temple foremod (halt thou shine. Some future Hume shall dignify thy pains.

And hang thee up in Aroog hidoric chains.

On a late Altercation. [149 ]

SIR Bullface Double-fee, who firm for years Drew with the Premier in his fouled gears. Wanting more plunder from th* cxbauded date,—

Deny’d, turns patriot with rancorous hate.

This, this is all the roaring Patriots* aim.

Who to a man, if in, would ad the fame.

C.J. C. P*

June 1780. Affairs in England. 311

'HISTORICAL AFFAIRS.

England. [173.]

Capt. Gowland arrived in London, April 29. from Calcutta, with di (patches for government, which he brought by ' sea to Baflbra, and from thence by land through Aleppo, Asia the Left, Con-ftantinople, and Vienna. In his way from Baflbra to Aleppo, being acccom-. panied only by fix guards, a servant, and an interpreter, he was attacked three times by the wild Arabs; against whom he defended himself: but within a day’s journey of Aleppo hewasfnrrounded by a hundred barbarous people called «/, by whom he was plundered of his money, deaths, and other etfe&s. Capt/ Gowland saved, however, bisdifpatches, by fitting upon them, and swearing that be would only surrender them with his life. The object of the dispatches is to bring the complaints both of the British and native inhabitants of Bengal against the supreme court of judicature* The English law, in particular, of arrests and bail, is To totally contrary to the ideas of the people of the East, that it is regarded by them as in the bigheft degree odious and oppressive. He brought an account of the lofsof the Stafford, a com-pany'sship, in Bengal river, with 80,0001. jo fpccic aboard.

A petition to the King, or the legislature, is received, from the British inhabitants of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, signed by above 600 Whites, and a great number of Gentoos; stating the various hardships the inhabitants have differed since the introduction of the English laws amongst them[35. 3*8.;—36.167- ]; that not only is their property under former acquirements unsafe in their hands, but that a number of acts now made crimes, leave them in that (late of ignorance and suspense that they know not what to do; — and therefore praying, to obtain a trial by jury in all cases where it is by law established in England; to limit the rctrospective powers of the supreme court of judicature to the time of its establishment in Bengal; to define, beyond the power of discretional distinction, the persons who are and who are not amenable to the jurisdiction of the court; to declare what statutes shall, and what ftatntcs shall not, be in force in Bengal; to appoint diltinlt and separate judges for the law and equity lides of the court; and to lodge a power of . Vol. XLlIf

(saying executions in criminal cases, till his Majesty’s pleasure be known, in the Governor-General and Council.

Advices from India mention a fire happening in the company’s warehouse in Bengal, by which thirteen lacks of raw lilk were consumed. The fame advices give an account of the ceremony of investing SirHedtor Munro with the cn-signs of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, by the Nabob, and Military, at the Durbar near Madrass, 0<5t. 13. 1779- The ceremony was performed with all that Eastern magnificence to which European powers are strangers.

The Royal assent was given to the following bills.

To these, by the King, June 19. viz.

An act for raising a certain of

by loans or exchequer-bills, for of

the year 1780.

An act for granting to hit several

additional duties upon certain goods imported into the Isle of Man; and for better regulating the trade, andfecunthe revenues,

of the said island.

An act to admit to an entry in this kingdom, under certain reflr tobacco imported not dire fl lyfrom the place of its

growth or produce, and

ditional duty on such , during tht

present hostilities,

An act to explain an act of the last frf-/ion, “for augmenting the and to

declare valid and tffidlual the -

in and inrolment of mi:itia-men, tutes, and volunteers, in cases Tubere all the provisions of the several now in being relative thereto have not / and

to indemnify deputy-lieutenants,

Jbates, andjujlices of the peace, for their

proceedings therein rej'peto declare

valid and effectual the by

deputy-lieutenants, in the absence of the lieutenant of any county out of the ,

to officers commanding volunteer companies; and to indemnify deputy-lieutenants and officers who have granted or acted under such commi/jhns; and to enlarge the powers of deputy-lieutenants in certain

An act to repeal so much of an act 15® Geo, Ilf, (for settling Buckingham upon the Queen in lieu of Somerset house, and for other pur pops) as enables the conn enijjiorters of his Majesty'streafury to apply

the furns ttecessary for completing Somerset house out of the aids granted for naval per vices, or out of any of the revenues arising from the rectift of the several offices to be , b 1 erected

3 n Affairs in England. Vol, 43.

frtfledand established virtue of the

fid.

An act to continue an act 110 Geo. III.

for rendering the payment tf the creditors of infohent debtors more squat and

Hosts, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arreflment and and for

lending the privilege of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* [34. 281.3

To an act for employment of the poor of Mile-end, New Town, Middlesex, and to four private bills.

And to these, July %$. by commission.

An act to permit goods, the product or fhanufacture of certain placet within the Levant or Mediterranean feat, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in British or foreign vessels, from any place whatsoever and for laying a duty on cotton and cottonwool imported into this in foreign

ships or vrjfels, for a limited time.

An act to indemnify per font as have

emitted to qualify them f offices and

employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regi fler or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to demnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough-towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be /lamped according to law, or, having been /lamped, have been le/l or mi/laid, and for allowing ihem time to provide admissions duly /lamped; and to give further time to such per font as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to at for-nits and solicitott.

An act to allow the exportation of ptovi-frnns, goods, wares, and merchandize, from

Great Britain, to certain towns, ports, or places, in North America, which ore or may be under the protection of his Majesty's arms, and from such towns, ports, or ,

Co Great Britain, and other parts of his Ma-j* fly's dominions.

An act for exempting the city of chester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shrewflmry, and the county of Salop, out of 'the provisions of an a(t 8° Geo.

II. “ for regulating the quartering of foL diers during the time of the cleft ions of members to fervtin parliament,* fof as the fame

relates to the removal if troops during the e-kftions of members to serve in parliament, fqr a limited time.

And to one private bill.

By an order of council of June ax*

the bounties to seamen or landmen wha enter voluntarily to serve in the navy, and the rewards for discovering seamen who secrete them selves, are continued» from the joth of June £161.] to thie 30th of September.

A fouadron, under the command of Com. Walsingham, with the West India outward *bound fleet under convoy, (ailed from St Helen* on the 8th of April; as did, about the same time, A dm, Greaves with another squadron.

The Invincible was to nave failed with one of those squadrons; but the men refused to go until they were paid their wages. Adm. Sir Thomas Pye sent Capts Balfour, Duncan, Nott, and Buck-’ ner, to persuade them to do their duty.

But the men refused to go to sea till they were paid their wages, though they were not intitled, by the act of parliament for regulating the payment of wages in men of war, to demand payment till a full month after: they founded their claim on the Thunderer’s ship’s company having been paid a few days before, when exactly under the famecir-cnmstances. Upon this the four captains seized four of the mutineers, who seemed to be ringleaders, and car- > ried them to the Admiral; by whom they were ordered into dose confinement. Next morning, the Admiral directed Capt. Falconer, of the Invincible, to tell his ship’s company, that if they would go to sea, and promise to be- 1 have well, he would release the four 1 men. But they would not agree.

They behaved peaceably, obeying' all i the orders of their officers very readily, except that of putting to sea, which they absolutely refused, till the boats of the whole fleet were armed, and furr ounded I the Invincible, and till Lord Longford’s ship the Alexander was srarped alongside of her, and pointed her guns to fire s broad fide among them. Then their ob-ftinacy gave way, and tftey submitted to their officers, who were on board the whole time. A court-martial was held on the mutineers, April 18. two of them were ftntenced to receive 500 ladies each; the rest were acquitted.

On the 8th of June failed from Spit-head: the grand fleet, confiding of three ships of 100 suns each, five of p8, three I of 90, one of 84, one of So, nine of 74, I one of 64, one of 36, three of 31, one of a8, a fireship, and several cutters, tommaqded by Adm. Francis Geary,

appointed

fane 1780. AfEurt In England; ' 313

appointed commander in chief on the death of Sir Charles Hardy [280.], the Vice-Admirals Barrington and Darby, and the Rear-Admirals Digby and Ross. Prince William continues to serve under Adm. Digby.

It is observed by a writer in the London papers, that the (laughter on board Blips in action is principally caused by the fptinters which fly to a great extent on every fide when a ball enters through a ship's fides. /To prevent such daughter, every ship in the French navy is lined within-fide, as far as the lower deck, with a strong dote netting, which catches or hangs the splinters; and it has been Ibuod, that in every action, many fewer are killed since, than before this netting was used. Some Britishi privateers have already adopted this plan, and the writer hopes it will be adopted by the British navy.

M London, June%i, Certain advice is received from Macao, a Portuguese settlement in the river Canton, of the arrival of the Resolution and Discovery in great distress, and in want of provisions. Upon the death of Capt. Cook, Capt. Clerke succeeded to the command of the two ships, and Lient. Oore to be captain of the Discovery; but on the death of Capt. Clerke, a fatal misfortune to the world in general, and his friends in particular, Lieut. King succeeded to his place.” [46.]

Notice was given from the general post-office, June 19. That “ Charlestown being restored to the King’s possession, the direct intercourse between G. Britain and the Southern provinces of North America through that town will be renewed, and a packet-boat will (ail every month from Falmouth as formerly; the first mail to be dispatched from that office on the 5th of July.

On Sunday, July 4. the Earl /of Surrey (the Duke of Norfolk’s son) and Sir Thomas Gascoygne read their recantation from the errors of the church of Rome before the Archbishop of Canterbury, and received the sacrament. They have since taken the oaths before Mr Baron Hot ham. His Lord A) ip is candidate , for Carlisle, and Sir Thomas for Bever-Jey.

To the addrefies from Ireland to the King formerly mentioned [aifi.], we have to add, two in the London gazette of May 6. from the sheriff and grand jury of the county of Monaghan, and

from the inhabitants of the borough of Newry; and one in the gazette of May 23. from the city of Corke.

On the 10th of April, Reed a plaister-er, and Smith a coachman, sentenced for fodomitical practices, were carried from the New Goal privately, in a hackney-coach (to save them from the mob), and set in the pillory at St Margaret’s-hill; The under-ftieriffs, with their officers, and a great number of constabless, attended. The unhappy wretches were* nevertheless, so severely pelted by the populace, that in half an hour Smith funk down; in which position he remained, till he appeared black in the face the blood goshing from his ears; when he was taken out, and laid on the pillory. When carried back to the gaol, a surgeon was sent for; but Smith was found to be dead; and Reed’s recovery Was doubtful. On an inquisition taken, April 12. it appeared to the coroner and his jury, that Reed turning round fader than usual, and Smith being just then seized with a giddiness and fainting from the extreme severity of the populace, loft the strength of his legs, and hung by his head. The jury’s verdict was, “ Strangled in the pillory.”—The Solicitor-General moved the court of king’s-bench, April 20. for an attachment against the under-(heriff, for his not preventing this mischief. But Lord Mansfield, upon hearing the affidavits, said, they did not appear to prove any inattention in the under-sheriff: so the affair was deferred till further inquiry should be made.— Can a country be laid to be civilized where such barbarity is committed at mid day in the capital!

“ London, April 19. ft is a determi-

ned plan, that the conviAs, in future, shall be employed ou ffiore. The ground fixed on is between Cold-Bath Fields and Battle Bridge. Sixteen acres, including part of the stream called the River-FUtt, are to be inclosed, and the water is to be tncreased.from the pipes of the New River. The conviAl are to be employed in sawing timber, making ropes., &c. for government service; and each con-viA is to have a fe pa rate cell.” [38. 334, 39-344-]

Two persons, one a tradesman, the other a (heriff’s officer, were brought before the court of king’s-bench May 8^ to receive sentence, for having sometime ago arrested one of the domestics belong* $ f a >ng

324" Affairs in England and Ireland. . Vol.42.“

ing to his Excellency Count de Welde-ren. Mr Justice Willes, in a short speech, explained the nature of the offence, observing, how necessary it was strictly to adhere to the laws of nations; that the persons now before them, had been guilty of a very high offence against those laws, Which called loudly for an exemplary pu* nishment; the judgement therefore of the court was, That the two persons be immediately taken into the custody of the marshal of the court, and be by him conduced to morrow, at any hour that may be appointed, to thedwelling-honfe of Count de Welderen, with a label fattened on each of their breasts denoting their offence; and that they do then and there ask pardon of his Excellency for the crime by them committed; the plaintiff to be afterwards imprisoned for three months; and the sheriff’s officer to pay a fine of 301. and be committed till He pay the fame. [51.]

On Saturday, April 15. on a trial at bar in the court of kingVbench, the will of the late Duke of Kingtton, in favour of the present Countess dowager of Bristol, was established. [38. 389.J

At Nottingham assizes in April a marriage between a young man 17, and a Woman of 22, was dissolved, because contrary to act of parliament, i. e. without consent of parents or guardians.

On the 12th of May a cause was tried before Lord Mansfield, a young lady of Brompton plaintiff, and a painter of London, defendant, for breach of a promise of marriage. After hearing counsel, the ji»fy found a verdict for the plaintiff, with 3001. damages, and coftsoffuit.

1 ft E A A N D. [221.]

On the 19th of April MrGrattanmade a motion in the House of Commons for a declaration of right. He said. It becomes the Commons of Ireland this day to lift up their hands against the oppression of Ergliffi l.uvs, by a declaration of right. The people call upon the Commons, as the guardians of public liberty, and conservators of their rights. Commerce, indeed, we have got from England, but ret constitutiun ! The very manner in which they have given that commerce, by afcribir.g it to expediency to give us trade, shew* the absolute necessity of a declaration cn our part. A trade so circumstanced, is a trade but rot dc iun.

It may be alledged, that the time is

inopportune, whileG.‘ Britain is erobarrafc fed. I insist, for that very reason, the time is now the only one to speak to her, while file smarts under the effects of the American war, which her wild fehemes of parliamentary supremacy has brought, on, and which ideal supremacy (he has given up to America[i99.]; whileherenemies are unnumbered, her councils dif-tra&ed, without a minister, without an admiral of consequence, or a general that (he has not disgraced. Why, it may be aiked, did not the Commons of Ireland make their claim before ? Because Ireland had no Commons before in whom the nation confided* A spirit is raised; the nation is in arms, inspired with a martial and a constitutional spirit. You cannot, you dare not, deny the call of your constituents; it is not the command of a Buckingham, a North, or an HilKborough, but of — God

You afited a free trade, and received it with joy: it was the rapture of a beggar receiving more alms than he expected, not the joy of a man receiving his just right, you may export bales of drapery, yards of frize, and ells of bays; but freedom is denied to you. The foundation of the temple of Liberty cannot be laid, and you are but a provincial assembly, without the privileges of a charter. But let us hear what Great Britain fays on this great subject. [Here he read the declaratory act [36.45$.] 6° Geo. I.]. I now appeal, continued he, to the gentlemen of the long robe, to the judges, and to the justices of the peace, whether they do not execute English laws, and trample on the charter of our land? Are you, the Commons of Ireland, then afraid, with three millions of people at your back, to tell the parliament of England,~ you are a parliament ? Is the government of this kingdom to continue only with the general opinion; and will the volunteer army of Ireland be satisfied by a government of connivance?

Eighteen counties alk a modification of the law of Poyning, and a declaration of right, from the mifrepresentations of governors that loft America. Our governors opposed our demanding a free trade, and now are throwing themselves on some of the brft men in this country* to supprrfs our further claims. I conjure those men, I conjure the country-gentlemen, not to give the final a flint to the money-bills, until our constitution is secured.

Ireland ,

June 1780. Affair* in Ireland and Scotland. 32;

ireUmd, insulted by “Enghtfid, is now detenbioed to do justiceto herself; there is- no policy therefore left for England btit an alliance for libcry; and a new empire willarife from the ruins of the old, the expiring lamp of Liberty will again horn bright!

He then moved to resolve, That the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons of Ireland, are the only power competent to bind, or enalt laws in this kingdom.”

The Attorney General proposed to adjourn the question until the first day of September next; and assigned for reaIons, if the resolution proposed should take place, it would militate against many Knglifl) acts of parliament, which heretofore disposed of millions of acres in this kingdom; that almost every family in this country would be extreme sufferers, by haring their titles invalidated to what they had long enjoyed as an hereditary right, and which would be liable to impeachment and forfeiture. At the same time he reprobated all English acts of parliament which should be attempted to be enforced in Ireland, without being vecognifed by the frish legislature.

, MetT. Forfter, Fitzgibbon, Flood, and the Provost, spoke against the motion; and Mefl*. Burgh, Yelverton, &c. for it.

The Provost pointed out various laws made since the reign of Henry II. tending to ihew, that Ireland was a separate and distinct kingdom, not bounden by any legislature but her own; and deci-fionsby the judges of England, importing, that Ireland, having a distinct parliament, could not be taxed by the parliament of England, nor could any law of restraint be binding without the recognition of the Irish parliament; and that the rights

Ireland were so well founded, and known, that the declaratory resolution was needless. He added, that the refutation, if carried, would involve this country in new difficulties, and be an ungenerous return to G. Britain for her late commercial concessions to this kingdom, when fhewasftruggling against the united powers of Bouibon and America, and seemed inclined to grant us every thing we could ask.

Mr Fitzgibbon having observed, that a similar resolution was entered into by -the Commons of Ireland iu 1641, Mr Burgh moved an amendment, viz. “ That there being on the books a resolution G-miUr to the one now moved, the const-

deration of the fame be, for that reason, adjourned to the first day of September next.”—The amendment was supported by the Provost, MelT. Flood, Fitzgibbon,' Metge, Brownlow, Osborne, flee.; and opposed by Sir Richard Heron, the Attorney-General, Solicitor-General Carle-ton, Counsellor Browne, Mefl*. Forfter, Dennis Daly, flee.

At twenty minutes past fix on Thursday morning the question was put on the original motion; and the numbers were. Ayes 97, Noes 136.

Scotland. [279*]

The Lords justice-CIerk and Garden-' fton went the louthern circuit last spring, the Lords Karnes and Kennet the northern, and the Lords Hailes and Brax-field the western.—At Air, Margaret* Colquhoun, accused of childmurder,* was fugitated for non-appearance; and the trial of Matthew Hay, farmer in' Holmes of Dundonald, accused of murder by poison, was put off, on account of Lord Gardenfton, one of the judges, being taken suddenly ill the evening before, and the trial being cxpedled to be long.—At Dumfries, Adam John-: fton, innkeeper, who acted as deputy-postmaster at Mofint, was to have been tried, on an accufationof abstracting letters and packets, containing bank notes, in the course of his business as poftma-fter: but some of the most material witnesses being out of the kingdom, the trial was put off. — At Perth, James Martin, late pnftrunner with the by-bag between Montroie and Brechin, and letter-carrier at Brechin, was tried on an indictment for secreting and embezzling letters; particularly, one containing a five-pound bank note, and a power of attorney, keeping the bank-note, and destroying the letter and power of attorney; another letter, addressed to a soldier, containing a half-guinea in gold, sent him by his wife in England; and a third, wrote by a soldier at Brechin to the trumpet-major at Montrose, enquiring about the letter with the half-guinea. The jury found the last article proven, and the first and second articles not proven. He was sentenced to suffer a month’* imprisonment, and then to be whipt through Perth, bareheaded, havirg a label on his bread exprtffive of hiscrime, “ Forbetraying trust, by secreting a letter committed to his charge as

poll- runner or letter-carrier.”-These

4 were

3*6 A flairs in

^tere the most remarkable cases before our spring circuit-courts.

On the zoth of May were executed, at Edinburgh, David Dalgeiih, for a robbery, committed on the ift of Fc-bruary Uft, at Fouotainbridge, near E-din burgh, and William Donaldson, a fqldier in the jxft foot, for breaking into (hops in Edinburgh, and taking goods

thence.----- William Dalgleifh, a younger

brother of David, was aSfistant in the robbery, and received sentence of death, but was recommended to mercy by the jury, on account of his youth, and being under the influence of his elder brother; and he received a pardon, on con-4ition of serving either in the army or navy.

On the a7th of June a cause upon the game-laws was determined by the high court of justiciary.—John Kelly, game-keeper at Blair, in the county of Air, brought a complaint, in August 1779» before the justices of peace of that county, against John Smith of Swineridgemuir, libelling upon the Statute 13* Geo. III. which enads, “ That every person whatsoever not qualified to kill game in Scotland, who Shall have in his or their custody, or canry, at any time in the year, upon any pretence whatever, any hares,* partridges, pheasants, moor-fowl, tarma-gan, heath-fowl, snipe, or quail, with-, out the leave or order of a person qualified to kill game in Scotland, for carrying such hares or other game, and for having the Same in his or their custody, he Shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings, and for every other subsequent offence the sum of thirty Shillings Sterling [35.449-]?*' and fubfuming, That the Said John Smith bad transgreSTed the said Statute, and was therefore liable in the penalties and forfeitures thereof. Mr Smith appeared before the justices, and contended, That the ad I3# Geo. III. libelled on, bears reference to foroe prior act of parliament fixing the qualification: That the only two acts respecting qualifications were the ad 1611 and the ad z685: That the )a(t of these acts, which establishes toco 1. Scots valued rent as the qualification, cannot now be in force, as there is another requisite in that act to intitle a man to this privilege, viz. a licence from the Matters of the Game, which cannot now be obtained, as that office no longer exists: That the ad 1621, which establishes a ploughgate of land as the Qualification, was therefore the only rule which

Scotland. -Vo!. 4U

could now be observied; and be beiu£ posseflTed of three ploughgates of land,' valued at 1301. Scots, was fully qualified in terms of that ad. The justice# repelled the defences pleaded for Mr Smith, in respect that his three plough-gates of land, valued at 130). Scots, were not a sufficient qualification for any person to kill game, or have it in their* possession, by virtue of the laws and acts of parliament in Scotland, referred to in the said act 130 Geo. III. ? and in respect Mr Smith acknowledged that he killed, and had in his possession, hares within the space of six months from the date of the complaint, therefore they fined him in 20 s. Sterling. —- An appeal was taken against this sentence to the then ensuing circuit-court at Air, and the que-ftion appearing to the judge on the circuit of importance, he certified to the high court of justiciary at Edinburgh. The matter was argued before that court upon the nth of March lift, and their Lordfiiips ordered parties procurators to give in informations. Learned informations respecting the game-laws of this country were accordingly laid before the court; upon advising whereof, their Lordfiiips unanimously “ found, That, by the common law of Scotland, all men had right and privilege of the game on their own estates or property: That, by the ad 1621, this right and privilege, or qualification, was confined to persons who had a ploughgate of land, or more, in property: That the ad 1685 ratified and confirmed the general rule laid down in the said act i6ai, but introduced a new regulation respecting the particular mode of hunting with fowling*pieces and set-t i ng dogs ,u nde r an except i on to t hofc pof-feSTed of 10001. Scots of valuation, and having licence from the masters of the game: Found, That no evidence had been laid before the court of the said regulation and exemption ever having been in observance since the Union, and that they are now io desuetude: Found, That the appellant having more than a plough-gate of land in property, had a right, and was qualified, to hunt, by the law of Scotland, subject to all legal regulations of the game: Found, That he was not liable to the fines imposed by the ad Of the 13th year of his present Majesty; and therefore theyreverfed the decree of the justices of the peace, appealed from; but, in respect of the circum* Stances of the case, found 00 expeoess

Ait-

June 1780. Proceedings of the general afiembty. 327

Conchtfum of the aJfembly*pr [a 7 7.]

Two overture* were taken under consideration May 31: — one from the fy-nod of Fife, via, Wbcrea* it i* expressly enjoined in scripture, that ministers mould give thomf wholly to the bufiocfe of their sacred function, and bo infant in feafote and out of feajon in the discharge of it; as it i* likewise required, by diver* (landing laws of thi* church, that they should avoid engaging in employment* that might distraft them from the duties of their charge; notwithstanding which there are already instances, and, if a timely check be not given to the practice, there may soon be more, of persons holding at the same time the office of professor in an university with that of minister in a parish; by which means they mud not only lose much of that time which ought to be employed in preparing for the pulpit, but may often be so taken up in attending upon their claflc* in the college, a* to prevent them from visiting the sick, and performing the other very necessary, though more private part* of the mini-Aerial work: — Whereas also it hath been always understood to be a rule of this church, that it ought not to be pmnit-ted to clergymen to hold a plurality of benefice*, that is to say, that no minister should be possessed of an office that gives him the care,of fouls excepting in the particular congregation of which he is appointed ovorfetr; yet of late it has become a frequent practice, for ministers to accept pt chaplainries of regiments, and of the garrisons in cables, not litu-ated within the bounds of their own parishes, the duty of which they cannot personally perform without absenting themselves from the flocks of which they have formerly and in the most solemn manner undertaken the charge [26.289.; —38. 34*.40. 39*— 41. *95. 34*j 5 so that they roust be under the necessity of neglecting the * important functions belonging to one or other of their office* of parochial minister* or of chaplains: — it is overtured, That the general assembly should take such method* a* to their wi(dom shall seem meet for properly restraining the former, and for absolutely prohibiting the latter of the above-mentioned practices, and also in general for preventing minister* from engaging in any employments that mav divert them from }bc proper dqtics of their faeftd

function; which as they cannot welt be reconciled to the engagements that minister* have come under at their ordination, may proveof most dangerous consequence to the interest of religion, and to the fouls of men committed to their trust.” Thi* overture the synod unant-moufly agreed to transmit to the assembly.

The other overtore was from the synod of Perth and Stirling, viz. “ Whereas plurality of benefices with cure is contrary to the constitution, a* well as to the (landing laws, of this church, and yet of late many minister* have accepted and hold office* inconh(tent with that attention which at their ordination they become bound to pay to the edification of the people under their charge; and such a* have been nominated chaplain* to regiments, without doing any duty at all, receive that allowance and pay which is designed a* the encouragement of those who, by attending their respective regiments, promote the knowledge of the principles of religion among soldiers, who have scarce any other mean* of instruction in their power 5 therefore the synod humbly overture to the ensuing general assembly, that they would take some effectual measure* for remedying an evil so justly complained of, and preventing the like practices in time coming.”

On report of a committee to whom these overtures were referred, the af* fembly agreed to dismiss them.

The presbytery of Lochmaben'found, that it wa* not competent for Dr John Walker, minister at Moffat, to hold at the same time the kirk of Moffat and the professorship of Natural History in the' university of Edinburgh; but the synod of Dumfries reversed that sentence.

The synod of Merse and Teviotdale, having taken under consideration the situation of the public funds of the church, formedfeveral resolutions, which they submitted to the assembly by way of overture;—among which were these! That for relieving the church of debt, and improving its funds, proper attention to ceconomy was necessary, by abo-liihing unnecessary offices, and dimi-ni/hing the salaries of offices, which, though necessary, have too high appointments: That the office* of Procu-rator and Agent for the Church, the Church-Agent at London, and the two Sub-clct£s to the General Assembly, ^re

not

328 Proceedings of the general assembljr. Vol. 42.'

*ot necessary for the public service, ought to be abolished, and their salaries applied to the improvement of the funds: and, That the offices of Cashier to the Royal Bounty and Clerk to the General AlTemhly ought to be united; and that the office ought to be held by a clergyman, with a friary not exceeding 501.— [P. 5.] This overture was taken in on the ift of June. The assembly found, that no member of the synod, who is not a member of assembly, could be heard on the subject; and the original grant for 5001, for defraying the public charges of the church, &c. f and the report by the Barons of Exchequer to the Lord High Treasurer thereanent *, were produced, and re^d. The all'em-bly, after reasoning, dismissed the overture.

Immediately after difraifling this overture, a motion having been made, That as inconveniencies attend the Procurator’s holding his office during pleasure, and as the Clerks and Agent, of the church hold their places ctd-

j)amt the assembly should now enact. That the Procurator should henceforth hold his office ad vitam aut culpamf with all its rights and privileges expressed in terms of his first appointment: and this motion was unanimously agreed to.— Dur readers have seen [8. 246.J how the words during pieiJure came to be inserted in the grant of the offices of Procurator and Principal Clerk.

This day was like wife taken in a report of a committee, which has continued some years, to collect translations from the frered scripturcs for the improvement of the public psalmody; bearing, that they had made considerable p-ogrefs, but expect it will be in their power, if continued, to enlarge the collection already made, by new translations, and to make improvements upon those already transmitted; it is therefore proposed, that the assembly continue the committee, and authorise them to cause the collection, when completed, to be printed, and copies of it transmitted to each preffiytery, that members may make observations on it, and be able to judge, whether it ought to be used in the public worship of the church, and receive the sanction of some future assembly.— The assembly renewed the committee, adding to it fix ministers and three elders; and recommcuded to them to con-

[f See ihcfc notes, p. 30.]

tinue their diligence, and, if possible, have a fair copy of the collection ready for the review of next assembly.

The accounts of the procurator, a-gent, printer, and stationer, were ordered, June 3. to be paid; but the office of stationer was abolished; the principal clerk was authorised, to fumiffi himself, and the other gentlemen intitled, with stationery articles, and to give in his accounts annually to the assembly: and the article of Psalm-books was found unnecessary, and prohibited for the future.

A petition of Mr James Lawson ftu-dent in divinity, was taken under const-deration on Tuesday May 30. It set forth, That in consequence of the judgement of the preceding assembly [41.285], the preffiytery of Auchterarder, Feb. a. 1780, prescribed to him a homily on Matth. ix. 13.; which he delivered on the 4th of April; upon which, however, the preffiytery did not give judgement; but a fainted him a lecture from Pf. cxix. 133^—161.: That he delivered the lecture on the 25th of April; and the preffiytery, without giving judgement on the lecture, prescribed Phil. i. 12. for an exercise and addition: and That the preffiytery’s not giving judgement upon each piece of trial before prescribing another, being contrary to the established practice, Mr Lawson appealed to the assembly. — On a motion by Mr Lawson’s counsel. May 30. and the consent of the preffiytery, the assembly remitted to a committee to meet with the parties, with a view to an amicable compromise. — On report of whom, June 2. the assembly remitted to the preffiytery to proceed to the remainder of Mr Lawson’s trials, to finiffi the fame, and pronounce their final judgement thereon between and the first Wednesday of May next; and enjoined the pres-bytery, in case they should fee cause to reject all or any part of the trials, to fpreify the particular discourse or discourses to which they objected, or the defects on which they founded such fen-fence of rejection; and in case they should found the rejection on any part of the queltionary trials, to take down, or cause to be taken down, in their minutes, the questions put to Mr Lawson, and to allow him to put down in writing his answers thereto.

On the 5th of June was taken in an appeal from a feutence of the synod

of

June 1780.’ Proceeding* of the general aflemWf. 32$

erf Glasgow and Air, reverting a sentence of the presbytery of Paisley respecting chapels of ease. — By a fub-icription opened in 1773, a chapel of case was erected in Greenock; in the e-flablishment of which, one of the regulations was. That a new election should take place on the second Tuesday after any vacancy should happen. The design of which was, that time might not be given for fomenting difeord. On an application by the subscribers, the presbytery of Paisley, Aug. 3. 1774, unani-moufly approved of the institution; directing, that the election, when made, should be signified to Mr Turner, (minister of the parish), or his succeslora in office; and that objections, if any were to be made, should be offered without delay to their ecclesiastical superiors, to be by them cognofced, and finally determined. But the prefby tery made alterations afterwards: They resolved, Od. 8. 1777, That proprietors of cha-pets of ease should give information to the minister of the parish, respecting any future vacancy, or intended election, of %a preacher, and invite him, at least ten free days previous to the election, either to preside himself at the election, or fend another minister of the presbytery in his place, in order that he might report the election to the first presbytery, if necessary; —and they resolved, Nov. 24. *779. That before the electors of a preacher in a chapel of ease should proceed to any future election, application should be first made by them to the presbytery, signifying their intention, and requeuing the presbytery to appoint the minister of the parish, or some other minister of the presbytery, to preside and moderate in the election; and that a copy of the whole minutes of procedure in the election, attested by the minister presiding, should be produced to the presbytery at their next meeting, that the presbytery might judge of it as they should fee cause. The proprietors of the chapel applied to the presbytery for red refs; but their petition was refused, March 22.

1780. But, on an appeal, the synod of Glasgow and Air, April 14. reverfedthe ftntence of the presbytery, (which extended to all the chapels of ease within their bounds), in so far as it related to the chapel* of ease at Greenock. — The presbytery, in their Reasons of Appeal, fey, That the synod forgot the fundamental difference between sentences pafT-Vol.XLII,

ed in a judicial and sentences passed in a legislative capacity; that the former, it was allowed, were not to be altered, but to apply this doCtrine to resolutions and sentences passed in a legislative capacity, would be equally uuiuft and absurd; that the presbytery’s approving of an ereClion of a chapel in 1774, under certain conditions, could not divest theni of a power, according to future circumstances, to alter or correct, in 1780, what was done in 1774; and that the presbytery apprehended they were walking upon sure ground when they were only adopting a resolution of the very last assembly [41. 283.]. —The proprietors of the chapel contended, and the synod were of opinion, that the enactments of the presbytery in 1774, con ft i-tuted a solemn contract, which neither party could infringe without the consent

of the other.----- The assembly affirmed

the sentence of the synod, and enjoined the presbytery of Paisley, in any future vacancy, and election of a preacher or minister to said chapel, to adhere strictly to their own resolution of the 3d August 1774.

The assembly was concluded in the u-fual manner; and the next assembly is appointed to be held, in the same place, upon Thursday, May 24. 1781.

[Tun Notes referred to, 327.]

[Report, by the Baron* of Exchequer ini Scotland, to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, on the petition of the General Affemby of the Church of Scotland.

Our Noble Lord,

Duty obliged u», in obedience toyoOr Lord* ship’s command* signified by Mr Lowndes at thi* time, to have given our opinion of the several petition* and memorial* of late transmitted to u*. But it being now vacation-time, and the court separatrd, we have only prefnmed at present ro offer to your Lordship Our humble opinion in reUriou t*> the addrest or petition in behalf of the General Assembly. This we have the rather presumed to do, because the affair i* of mo* ment, and seem* to require dispatch, and that by correspondence amongst ourfelve* we have unanimously agreed to make (he following report, viz.

A* to the allowance the Church enjoyed before the Union, it appear* to us by th»? voucher* exhibited with the memorials and petition*, that Ring Charles I. of Blcffcd Memory, by hi* royal grant under the privy sea), was pleased, for the reason* and to the *fc* therein mentioned, to allow lire bun-3 T died

3 30 Proceeding! of the

dred pounds Sterling to the Church out of the fird and readied o the rents and revenues in Scotland; and that, besides this, provision was nude for the salaries of the procurators, cleik, and agent of the Church, by act of parliament: That since the Resolution, both in King William’s, of Blessed Memory, and her present Majesty’s happy re:gn, it has been usual for the Moderators of the General Aficmhly for the time being, to have a warrant under the Royal sign-ma-nual for the sum of 400 1. which was always uuderftocd to be for defraying the necessary charges in dispatching the affairs of the Church.

As to what is now due to the Church on this account, it appears to os, that what was not satistied before the Union is dated as a public debt on the Equivalent! and (race the Union we only ohlerve one warrant granted by her Majesty for 4001. yet unA-tisfjeii, and for payment of which orders are given, pursuant to her Majesty's privy ical to us directed.

As to what may be reaionabte to be settled for the time to come, and in what manner and how the fame may be paid with most case to the Assembly;

After consideration of a memorial, representing the many necessary occasioot of charge and eipence in dispatching the affairs of the Church, herewith transmitted to your i.oiddiip.

It is our humble opinion. That the Aim of five hundred pounds Sterling yearly may be a proper and fuitabie allowance for defraying thereof: and if her Majesty be ploa-

fed to give the necessary directions for adding the said sum of 500 I. Sterling upon the fmefjid accounther cdahliihment for civil affairs in this pait of Great Uiitain, to be paid to any person having power from the Church to receive the same, and in the same manner with othets on the establish* meat; this, in our humble judgement, will be a proper and easy method for the Church in obtaining payment of this ailowauce.

All which, &c.

March aS 1710 J

Sign-Manual L. joo per . for defraying the charges of the Chunk, and the of their officers.

f [Anne R.

Whereas you our H:gh Treafi.irer have laid bcfoie us several memorials which you have received in behalf of the General Af-femldy of the Church of Scotland, repre-fenting the allowances formerly made to them by us and our Royal predecefTbrs, for defraying the charges of theb church-affairs, and the salaries of their officers; and praying, that we would be graciously pleated to settle a yearly allowance for that putpofc:

general affcmWj. Vol, 4?;

And whereas you the Barons of our Eschew quer, to whom the Aid memorials were referred, to coufider, what might be reaion-able to be allowed for the time to come, and ia what manner, and how the lame might he paid with most eaic to the said Assembly, are of opinion, (as appears by your report which has also been laid before us). That the sum of five hundred pounds Stetling may he a proper and fuitabie allowance for defraying the aforesaid charges and salaries;, and that, if we (houtd be pleated to add the said sum for that use to the edablUhment of civil affairs in Scotland, to bepaidto any person having power from the Church to receive the same, and in the Hke manner with others oo that eftabHshment, it will be an easy and proper method for paying the said allowance: We, taking the premiffet into our Royal consideration, have thought fit to agree to what is io propoted; and, accordingly, our will and pleasure is, and we do hereby direct, authorise, and command. That you cause the said yearly sum of five hundred pounds Sterling to be paid to such pei Ton or persons, from time to time, as Hull be appointed by the General Assembly to receive the same, for the purposes a fore-fa id, out of any money that is, or shall from time to time be in the hands of the receiver-general of our land-rents and casualties in Scotland, applicable to the uses of our civil government there, during our pleasure, in such manner as other annual sums contained in our edablifliment of civil affairs are and shall be paid and payable. And, of our further grace and favour, we do hereby direct, that the said yearly Aim shall be reckoned to commence from the 24th day of June 1709; and that you the Barons of out Exchequer do insert what shall be due thereupon from that time in the next lid which you shall cause to be made up of what is due to our cfUblishment of Alaries and allowances in Scotland, pursuant to the directioos contained in our letters of privy fell in that behalf; and that the said allowance be for the future edeemed as paie of our Aid eda-blishment. And for so doing this shall be your warrant. Given at our court at St James's, the 19th of May 27 to, in the ninth year of our reign.

By her Majesty’s command

Godolphi*.

To our Right Trudy and Right Well-beloved Cousin and Co un fell or, Sidney Earl of Godolphin, our High Trca futer of Great Britain now being! and to our High Treasurer or Comm flioners of our Trcafuryfor the time being; and to the Barons of oor Exchequer in Scotland now and for the time being }

June 1780.'

CAPTURES. [*».] Frtm Lloyd*S Marine Lift,

Capture*. 331

By the Union, Broom: Aa American schooner, from Nantz to Virginia, laden with various articles, carried into Pool.

By British men of ,

JBj the Ambuscade: The Adm Spry ten* dec retaken, and carried into Plymouth. The Spry had 160 impressed men on board when taken, but had only 19 remaining when retaken; the others were put on board the French privateer, who took her. Alio the N. S. De Belin, a Spanish brig from St Jago to Cadis, loaded with sugar, hides, Ace.

By the Emerald, Champion, Wasp, and Ughtning fire-ship: The Dunkirquoife French privateer, of aa guns and 13a men.

By the Galatea frigate: The brig Recovery, of 10 guns; the Beaver, of 1a guns; and the ship Recovery, of guns,

By the Pallas frigate; A Spanish storcship for Carthageaa, laden with a 100 quintals of gunpowder, and some ordnance, carried into Jamaica.

By the America: The King Midas, Fortune, from Boordeaux.

By the Milford frigate: the Due de Coig-ney, a French privateer of 36 guns, carried into Plymouth.

By the Chatham, &c.: The Alexander utter.

By the Romney: Two rich Dutch ships from Marseilles for Havre*de-Grace.

By the Iris and Dclawar: The Kitty, of rSguns; the General Waim and the General Reid, of rtf guns each; the Neptune, and brig, of 14 guns each; and chafed another privateer on shore.

By British/ priva, &c.

By the Dick, and Viper, both of Liverpool: One ship for Hispaniola with lumber, and another ship from Cadiz to Virginia, mounting 18 four pounders, laden with wine, and salt, carried into St Kitts.

By the l!e$or privateer: Two prises, earned into Mahon.

By the Dragon and Kite privateers of Guernsey: The King George, Matthew' from Bnflol to St Kitts, retaken,^ . Jot into Guernsey. ..v.-of Sunder-

By the Siuh Golbiv Shom.tSwtn, of

ledeo withicoffise, William and Jane.

“® *®y. a, for aoo guineas; Expedi-dy Eiflcine pn\»j of London, for 300 gui-the crew, mpton, Pearson, from Tin* By the #erpool, for 100 guineas 3 the French of Whitehaven^ for 500 gui-g*e >* Fortitude, Brflcoe, for:<Soogui^ Flam $ Live Oak, from Lymingron to A-Gfld* for too 1.; two Hoops from Gucrn-By jd a brig from Tinmouth, the sums Willi ,tioned; the SaviJie, English, from Fjr, for 4000 1.} tfcc Dolly, Fin<;hcr^

The Friends of Glasgow, from Dublin to Quebec, retaken, and carried into Guernsey.

By the Achilles and Tapley: The Jong Gerbrand, from Hamburg to Brest, wiih 1336 sheets of copper, oak beams, &c. carried into Yarmouth,

Three Dutch flvps are stopt in theirvoyage, and carried into Plymouth.

By the Peggy, Leigh, of Liverpool: Three prizes, taken in the West Indies.

By the Pitt of Jersey: The St Jean Bap-tifta, from Brest to Bayonne, laden with oxhides, and bale good.

By the Unicorn privateer of Folkstone: The Endraght, from Brest to Hamburg, with sugar and coffee, carried into Falmouth,

By the Britaonia, Powell, from Liverpool; L’Achille letter of marque, from Bordeaux to Martinico, loaded with aioo barrels of flour, 100 ditto of beef, &c. carried into Bat-badoes.

By the Alligator privateer of London: A Pro Qian ship from Botudeaux to Morlaix, with 800 hhds of claret, and some brandy.

By the Bellona, Fairweather, from Liverpool: A prize valued at 4000 I carried into Jamaica.

0y the Macaroni letter of marque: The Dorp Woodfent, from Bourdeaux to Boulogne, carried into Guernsey.

By the Vulture privateer of Jersey: A Dutch ship from Bourdeaux to Boulogne, with wine*, <3cc.

By the Maidstone privateer of London: Three prizes, taken on her passage 10 Mahon.

By the Light-horse privateer: The Jonge Adiiane, f<om Rotterdam to Bourdeaux, carried into Plymouth.

By the Pallas privateer of Liverpool: A Spanish fehooner, with iron, oil, See. earned into Liverpool.

By the Sally, Denny, of Liverpool: A Spanish brig, from the Canaries t ” 'rro,

r ♦of I?*' l* *’ t )

ot tnv . . -aiea Robert iii- njvrfofi, Esq; of Airdrie.

Jan. 17. In Maryland, Robert Christic, Esq; He was Lotd Provost of Glasgow in the years 11 $6 and 1737.

Capt. John Maclean, of the ad battalion of the 84th regiment. He was loft in his passage from Cape Breton to Halifax, oq board the North ship of war, which struck on the ledges of the Halifax light-house, and was dashed to pieces.

May 14. At Liflc, in Flanders, Miss Mary Haliburton, daughter of the dcccafed James Haliburton, Esq; of Pitcur.

*9. At Blechingly, in Surry, Richar4 flqwcfj Ef^; aged $3, Ii$ has left legacies.

9$

33*

Captures.

Barcelona to Amfterdara, tarried Soto Fal-

paonth.

By the General Conway privateer of Jet* fey: The W^nanda Cornelia, Capt. Homme*, with 300 pipes of brandy, from Rochelle for Rouen, carried into Jersey.

By the Spider privateer of Dartmouth: The Endracht, from Hrmburg to Biiboa, laden with linens and bale goods.

The Friends, Stewart, from Dublin to the West Indies, retaken.

By a Dartmouth privateer: Three American lh?ps, and one Spanish, carried into the West Indies.

By the Grand Trimmer privateer of London: The Anna Catharina, sent for Plymouth.

By the Eagle privateer of Mahoo: The polacre Maria, with rice, carried into Tunis.

£y the Enterprise privateer of London; A brigantine from Dunkirk to Bourdeaux, loaded with coal* and beer.

By the Achilles privateer of Folkfton: The Good Hope, from St Schaftian’s to Am-ftetdam, carried into Plymouth.

By the Light-hoise privateer: La Magda-line Maria, riom the isle of Bass, and the Bataver, from Amsterdam to Bteft, both carried into Plymouth.

By the Friendship privateer of Dartmouth: La Fortune, from Cape Francois for Bourdeaux, laden with sugar, Ac. carried into Dartmouth.

The Crown galley, from London to Georgia, retaken.

By the Tartar privateer of Foljgfton: A Trench snow, cut out of the harbour of An-flrcarr, laden with wine.

By the Enterprise privateer of Poole: A large Dutch hoy, Paid to be laden with naval (lores, bound for France.

By the Phoenix and Friendship privateers of Penzance: The Wackfam, Kite, from Hamburg to Bourdeaux, with deals, lead, and copper, carried into Penzance.

By the Vengeance, Hypocrite, and Sur* prise privateers of Liverpool: The Dauphin, with wine, brandy, for the Isle of Tran*'*, rjti d into Liverooool.

Vol.42,

for

The Hawke, tfowion, from Poulin London, carried into Corunna.

The Polly, Mahony, from St Auguftme to Jamaica,' carried into Cape Francis.

The Anjo do Senhere Maria, Peres, from London to Oporto, carried into Vigo.

Ttye Polly, Gleed, from London to Madeira and New York, carried into Morlaix.

The Goldfinid, from Jamaica to London* carried into St Maloes.

The William and Mary, from New York to England, carried into Gnadaloupe.

The Wafa, Orden, from Pool to Leghorn* carried into Algefiras.

The Owners Adventure, from Loodox^ for Cork, carried into L'Orienr.

The Aurora, Nelson, and Brothers, Peel# from Limerick to London, both carried Into Morlaix.

Le Constance, from Surinam to Nei< York, carried ioto New London.

The Diligence, Orr, from Greenock tat (he West Indies, carried into Martinico 5 where (he and the privateer who took her were burnt, uoider the guns of a fort, bjr tcu English men of war. 1

The Fineaftle privateer of Glasgow, car-, tifcd into Tbulon.

Two ships for Greenland, names onV known, carried into die Texel.

The Sparling, Jackson, from Liverpool to New York, carried ioto Boston.

The Bctfey, Thompson, from London ter Halifax, and the Neptune, King, from Nowport Pratt to Oftend, both carried into Morlaix.

The Emanuet, Nelson, from Cork to Gibraltar, carried ioto Algefiras.

The Duke of Bedfoid, from New York, carried into Denan.

The Byron, Henderson, from Bristol to Oporto, sent for Cherburg. f

The Hannah, Watson, from New York 10 London, carried into Cherburg.

The Betly, Swain, and Bridget, Clark* from London for Greenland, carried into Havre de Grace. '

The Neptune, Keily, from Corke to Halifax, carried into Santa Cruz.

, .-“r*"*, King George, Obrien, from Water>

Sign-Manual L. joo per ann. for defraying the James’s, t^« carried into Brest.

(barges of the Chuuht and the /Julies of year of our reign^m^ from Clyde so

By her Majcnj R<.r<*en in Norway.

oe, M'Naught,

their officers.

f [Ann f. R.

Whereas you our H'gh Treafirerhave laid befote us Jcveial memorials which you have received in behalf of the General Af-(Vrobly of the Church of Scotland, repre-fenting the allowances formerly made to them by us and our Royal pred ere (Tors, for defraying the charges ot their thurch-affiirs, and the salaries of their officers; and praying, that we would be gractoufty pleased to feulc a yearly allowance for that putpofc:

To our Right Tiufly "-arf into G», beloved Couun na Cou ney Earl of Godolphin, ,om Fa?ai Trca Alter of Great Britain 1

ing; and to our High Trea*im Comm ifioners of our Treasury^j|a(jc|^ time being; and to the Barons Exchequer in Scotland now ao (0 the time being ]

Jane 1780* Captures, Marriages, Births, and Deaths.

packet from South Carolina to New York, lent for Newbury: the mail deAroyed.

The Jean, Brown, for Lubcck, ou board of which were put 60 prisoners, and it fioce arrived at Port Glasgow.

Taken, but whither carried not mentioned: The Friends, Sinclair, from Clyde to

333

from Ipswich for Liverpool, fof 13001.; the New-Town, Brine, from Liverpool for Tinmouth, for 400 guineas; the George, Stanton, from Galway to BriAol, for 450

M A

May 8, At

It R I

A O

Li(bon, the

K S.

Hon. Robert

Quebec; a Greenlandman; the Race-horse Walpole, his Britannic MajeAy’s cnvoy-cx-r

from Lisbon to Cork; the Barinc, from Bri Aol to Portugal; the Hope, from Dartmouth to London; the AAley and Cook; the Wolf, Murphy, from Cork to New York; the Lark, Knowles, taken off EaA Florida; nine light colliers, a bark, and a large brig, taken off Whhby; the Hero, Wilcox, from Liverpool to Africa.

Taken, but ransomed: The Liberty, Huddaiti, from London for Dublin, for 850 guineas; the CaAor, Straker, for 1300!.; a collier from Sunderland, for aco guineas; the Grape, Shirlock, from Liverpool to O-porto, for 11001.; the Liberty of Whitehaven, for 850 guineas; the Providence of Youghall, for *75 guineas; the Mary of Tinmouth, for *50 guineas; the four following loaded colliers, off Sunderland, by

traoidinary and miniAer-plenlpotentiary at the court of Liibon, to Miss Diana. Grofett, daughter of Walter Grofctt, Esq;

June 1. At London, the Earl of Balcarras, Lieutenant-Colonel of the 14th regiment ot foot, to Miss Dalrymple, daughter of Charley Dalrymple, Esq;

1. At the house of Skene, Thomas Mae* donatd, Esq; writer to the signet, to Mils Sarah Skene, daughter of the deceased George Skene, Esq; of Skene.

3. At London, the Earl of Tyrconnch Miss Huffcy Delaval.

4. At Edinburgh, Mr Thomas Coleman, junior, of LcominAer, Herefordshire, to Miss VaAon, of the same place.

7. At SAnpill-house, Sir William Forbes of Craigicvar, Bt, a captain in the North

one privateer, the Minor, Howe, for 800 penciblcs, to Miff Sempill, eldeA daughter guineas, the Albion, Whitehead, for 750 of Lord Sempill.

guineas, the other two belonging to Lynn, aa. At the manse of Auchinleck, Mr A* the one for 830 guineas, the other for 600 lexander Gillies, miniAer of Kiimaurs, to guineas; the North Scar, of Lynn, for 400 Miss Isabella Dun, daughter of Mr Johi} guineas; the Hammond, from NewcaAle, Pun, miniAer of Auchinleck.

(For 850 guineas; the Hinchinbrook, WefTon, for jqo guineas; the Empress, Wiley; from IVfemel for Hull, for 800 guineas; the Nelly, Beale, of Wcmyfs, for ato guineas; the Minerva, Scott, from Lynn to Dover, for 300 1.; the Fiiendship, Spittal, from Alloa to PeterAmrg, for 300 guineas; the Primrofc, Piimrofe, from P -

bagen,*for 41J gu Ton, for a6o guineas; the Jenny, Thomp-ion, ftom Saltcoats to Memel, for 300 guineas; Rofetnont, Kirkwell, from ditto to dlitto, for jaj guineas; Thompson, Ritchie, from ditto to d tto, for jio guineas; Jeany, J)eao, from LancaAcr to Riga, for 400 guineas; Jean and Ano, Reid, from Londonderry to Dantzick, for aoo guineas; the Charming Molly, fily, of Yarmouth, for 400 guineas; Neptune, Hutton, of Sunderland, for 300 guineas'; Thomas Swan, of ditto, for 4 56guineas; William and Jane, Sturrock, of Perth, for aoo guineas; Expedition, Stronghill, of London* for 300 guineas; the Hampton, Pearson, from Tin-mouth to Liverpool, for 100 guineas; the Jane, Brown, of Whitehaven^ for s00 guineas; the Fortitude, Brflcoc, forxdcogui-seas; the Live Oak, from Lymington to BriAol, for tool.; two Aoops trom Gucrn-icy, and a brig from Tinmouth, (be sums not mentioned; the Savilie, English, from ^uenfey, for 1. } t^c Dollar, Fim;her^

ao. James Hay of Belton, Esq; to Misc Dorothea Hay, daughter of the deceased John Hay, Esq; of Newhall.

B 1 a T H I.

June 13. At Edinburgh, Mrs Bofwelf, wife of James Bofweii, Elq; advo^te, BorrowiioumicfPto"Cdpen- youopr of Aochioleck, of . daughter.

><ne.t; Lady Mary. Thornp- *» “j. of Lo'd , B'ouJn«’ fo"

inf a.; he Irnov Thomlw of rhe Earl of Hidiogton, of a foo. t*l ..II.]

a8. At London, the Coumels of Radnor, of a son.

a8. At Ktunaird-house, Mrs Bruce of Kiouaird, of a son.

Deaths.

In the EaA Indies, Mr William Hamilton, eldeA son of the deceased Robert Hamilton, Esq; of Airdrie.

Jan. 17. In Maryland, Robert ChriAie, Esq; He was Lord ProvoA of Glasgow in the years 173d and 1757.

Cape. John Maclean, of the ad battalion of the 84th regiment. He was loA in his callage from Cape Breton to Halifax, on board the North ship of war, which struck on the ledges of the Halifax light-house, and was da(hcd to pieces.

May 14. At LiAc, in Flanders, Miss Mary Haliburton, daughter of the deceased James Haliburton, Esq; of Pitcur.

19. At Blechingly, in Surry, Richard Bqwcr, Ef^; a§cd $8, has left legacies

334

of too 1. each to the poor of several parishes in Aid county.

Jane a. At Dumfries, Mrs Hamilton, wife of John Hamilton, Esq; of Alderfhaw.

At his feat in Argyleflme, Colin Campbell of Ederline, Esq;

3. Suddenly, as he was topping into his carriage, Thomas Hutchinson, Esq; formerly governor of MafTachufett's-bay, in which pod he succeeded the late Sir Francis Bernard, and was succeeded by Gen. Gage. [3 6. 113.]

3. At Balnaboth, the Hon. Mrs Ogilvy of Clova.

5. John Amyaod, Esq; member for the borough of Camelford.

At Tinmouth, in Cumberland, Daniel Bennet, aged 107 years.

0* At Inglefield, in Hampshire, James Hooper, a labouring man, in the 103d year of nis age. It it remarkable of him, that he was never ten miles from the place of his birth.

iv. At Knaresborough, Yorkshire, Sir William Fowlis, fit, of Ingleby manor, in the North Riding.

ij. At Drimmie, John Gray of Balled-garno, Esq;

1 6.At fiallechin, Perthshire, the feat of

his son-in law, John Hope, Esq; late merchant in Edinburgh.

18. At Faringdon, Bevkshire, Joan Farmer, in the 107th year of her age.

aa. At Barnbarrow, John Agnew of Sheo-chan, Esq;

aa. At London, Patrick O'Conner, by trade a weaver. He declared, a few hours before his death, that he had received hurt, and was much burnt, in setting fire to Mr Langdale't hoofe, and defhoying his goods, for which he deserved the levcrcft punishment. He was a Roman-Catholic.

%4. At Edinburgh, Mrs Elifaheth Murray, fifter of the deceased Sir James Murray of Billhead.

ay. At Dunkdd, Mr Daniel M*Duff, merchant there.

30. At Leven Lodge, near Edinburgh, John Williamson of Claythorn, Esq; ion of Joseph Williamson, Esq; advocate.

Pmxr k t m 1 n t <,

From the London Gazette.

The sting has been pleased,

Jane 9. to appoint Alexander Wedderburn, Esq; late AttomeyGeneral, to be Lord Chief Justice of the court of Common Pleas, upon the refiguation of Sir William de Grey, Jtt. —He was sworn of the Privy Council, June 9. and took his place at the board.

— s 3. to grant unto the Rt Hon. Alexander Wedderburn, Lord Chief Justice of the court Of Common Pleas, and to the heirs-male of his body lawfully begotten, the dignity of

Vol. 42*

a Baron of Great Britain, by the title of Lori Loughborough, in the county of Leicester.

— ao. to appoint John Campbell, Esq; to be Governor of Milford haven in the county of Pembroke, io the room of Wyt-riott Owen, Esq; deceased.

From other papers, &c.

Ships of war commissioned, new captains pointed. [1x4 ]

Ships. Britannia Guns. Commanders, soo T. Allen

Prince George p8 Wm Fox

Barfteur 98 Benj. Hill

Gibraltar 80 J. G Allen

Invincible 74 C. Saxton

Terrible 74 Wm Dickson

Diligente 70 Ant. Hunt

Piincefla 70 Sir Tho. Rich

Monarcha 70 J. Gell

Bel liqueur *4 T. Fitzherbert

Intrepid 64 Ja. Fergufon [157.3

Yarmouth 64 T. Taylor

Portland So T. Lloyd

Leander SO T. Shirley

Charon 44 T. Symonds

Venus 3* John Douglas

Apollo 3* J. Baacly

Pegafos a8 J. Stanhope

Nemcfis a8 Rd R. BJigh

Viper a8 A. Scot

Termagant Squirrel a4 At. Kempe

ao T. Piercy

St Firmin r 6 Jon. Faulkner

Du Guay Trouii) X 6 Geo. Stoney

Avenger »4 Howel Lloyd

Barbadoes *4 J. Thomas

Coureur *4 Chr. Major

Endeavour *4 Fr. Wooiridge

Minorca *4 Hugh Lawson

Vittor 14 H. Chads

Alderney *4 T. Weft

Ranger xa Alex. Hood

Tapageur cutter xa Lord Ch. Fitzgerald

St Vicente 10 Ja. Hawkins

Firebrand 8 Geo. Robcrtfon

Rcfolutioa 3* J. Gore

£ Discovery a 6 Ja. King

Vigilant ad J. OBrjen

William ao G Gregory

S Macworth ao la. Dickcnfbn

Queen ao A. Bertie From the London Gazette.

War-office, March 18.

18th foot: Capt.-Lieut. Edward Crofbey to be Captain, vice John Joiner Ellis; and Lieut. John de Lancey to be Captain-Lieu* tenant, vice Edward Crofbey.

40th foot: Capt. William Montgomery to be Major, vice Samuel Bradstreet; Capt.-Lieut. John Gafon to be Captain, vice William Montgomery; and Lieut. William Hamilton

Deaths and Preferments.

June 1780. Prefer

2niIton to be Captain-lieutenant, vice John Gaioa.

6ift foot: Maj. John Acklom to be Lieutenant-Colonel, vice Andrew de la Corn.

War-office, March aj.

94th foot: Capt. James Lee, of 30th foots to be Captaio, vice George Ramsay*

War-office, 1.

lyth foot: Capt. 'William Cotton to be Major, vice Nicholas Wade; and Capt.* Lieut. Edward Chandler, of 49th foot, to be Captain, vice William Cotton.

49th foot: Lieut. Henry Crolcer to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Edward Chandler.

War-office,

aft foot, ad bait.: Lieut. Duncan Campbell to be Captain, vice Peter Hunter.

48th foot: Capi-Lieut. Thomas Jones to be Captain, vice Walter Borlafe; and Lieut. Thomas Temple Feoton to be Captain-Lieutenants, vice Thomas Jones.

doth foot, 3d batt.: Capt. John Lloyd, of 46th foot, to be Major, vice Jacob Van Braam.

9*d foot: Clement Courtnay, Esq; to be Captain.

’ War-office, April 1 j.

88 th foot: Capt. Alexander Mai r, of 40th foot, to be Major.

War-office, April *9.

95th regiment of foot.

Colonel: Lt-Col. John Reid, from the half*pay of the late 87th foot. Lieutenant-Colonel: Maj. Aleaander Campbell, of the ift foot Major: Capt.-Lieut. Francis Picrfon, of 75th foot.

Captains: Lieut. James Christie, of atfth foots Lieut. James Corbett, of tft foot; Lieut. John Jenkinson, of 67th foot; Lieut. Henry Lumfden, of t4th foot; Lieut. Malcolm Macneil, of ift foot; Licur. David Clephane, of 6$th foot; and Lieut. John Cheap, of tft foot. Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut. John Spcns, of 4ad foot.

96th regiment of foot.

Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant: Lt-Col.

Richard Whyte, of 3d dragoons.

Majors: Capt. John Campbell, of 55th foot; and Capt.-Lieut. Hon. Charles Gunter Legge, of 19th dragoons. Captains: Lieut. Thomas Thomaflon, of 18th foot; Lieut. Robert Bourne, of ;id foot; Lieut. Stephens Howe, of rath foot; Lieut. Lamb. Theo. Walpole, of sath foot; Lieut. Richard Vere Drury, of 59th foot; Lieut. Philip Batnbrigge, of ad foot; Lieut. Hoo. Francis Augustus North, of ad dragoon-guards*

sents. 3

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut William Row-ley, of 10th dragoons.

97th regiment of foot Colonel: Samuel Stanton, Esq; Lieutenadt-Colooel: Maj. William Madia-to(h, of doth foot.

Major: Cape. Joseph Daufiax, of dth foot Captains: Lieut William Shewbridge, of rdeb foot; Lieut Ronald Hamilton, of d7th foot; Lieut Jofepk Buckeridge, of syth foot; Lieut. James Sholto Douglas, of joth foot; Lieut. Alexander Malcolm, of sift foot; and Lieut H. Stamford Blank lev, of 3 tft foot.

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut RobertWallace* of 50th foot.

War-office, May 9* ift foot-guards: Lt-Col. Robert Hampden Pye to be Captain of a Company, vice Frederick Madan; Capt. Frederick Thomas to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Robert Hampden Pye; and Capt. Francis D’Oyly to be Captain of a Company, vice Thomas Gordon.

Coldstream foot-guards: Col. Henry Trc-lawny to be First Major, vice Thomas Clarke; Lt-Col. William Earl de Lawarr to be Captain of a Company, vice Henry Tre* lawny; and Capt Robert Lovelace to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Earl Dc Lawarr.

3d foot*guards: Capt. Samuel Archer to be Captain of a Company, vice Robert Keith.

19th foot: Capt.-Lieut. Hugh Dickson to be Captain, vice John Crosier; and Lieut. Louis Haldimand, of 43th foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Hugh Dickson.

31st foot: Maj.-Gen. Thomas Clarke to be Colonel, vice Sir James Adolphus Ough-ton.

34th foot: Lieut. William Wood to be Captain, vice John Adolphus Harris.

53d foot: Lieut.William Mure to be Cap»* tain, vice Robert Longlicld.

84th foot, tft batt.: Capt. John Adolphus Harris, of 34th foot, to be Major, vice Donald M'Donald.

War-affileMay *3. tith dragoons: Lieut. Thomas Dalton to be Captain, vice William Elliot*

6th foot: Capt.-Lieut. William Scott to be Captain, vice Joseph Duflaux; and Lieut. William Whifton to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Scott.

a 6th foot: Lieut. John Drummond to be Captain, vice John CrefTwell.

61st foot: Capt. William Owen to be Major, vice John Acklom.

75th foot: Lieut. George Hanbury Williams to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Francis feixfoo*

,;d>

33 6 Preferments, Prices,

97th foot: Lieut. Alexander Campbell, of the xft battalion of ift foot, to be Captain.

Lt-Gen. Alexander Mackay to be Commander of the forces in North Britain, and also of the castles, forts, and barracks there, Vice Lt-Gcn. James Adolphus Oughton.

War-office,

3d dragoons: Col. Francis Lascelles, of 8th dragoons, to be Lieutenant-Colonel, vice Richard Whyte.

69th foot: Capt -Lieut. Patrick Moore to be Captain, vice William M'Intofh; and Lieut. Archibald Campbell to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Patrick Moore.

Maj. Francis Gabriel De Ruvynes to be Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army in America only.

War-office, May ay.

ift foot-guards: Capt. Robert Fulke Gre-vilie to be Captain of a Company, vice Hon. John Byng.

1 ft foot, ift bate.: Capt. Joseph Bucke-ridge, from 97th foot, to be Captain, vice Frederick Falkiner.

War-office, May 30.

aift foot: Capt. Robert Hamilton Lindsay, of pad foot, to be Captain, vice William Thomas Tayler.

85th foot: Lieut. Alexander Salans to he Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Wilkinson.

9*d foot: Capt. William Thomas Tayler, of aid foot, to be Captain, vice Robert Hamilton Lind say.

97th foot: Capt. Frederick Falkiner, of xft battalion of xft foot, to be Captain, vice Joseph Buckeridge.

War-office, Jane 3.

59th foot: Lieut. David Leslie to be Captain, vice George Ball.

yift foot, 1 ft batt.: Lieut. Charles Men-xies, of 35th foot, to be Captain of one of th4 additional companies, vice Colin Mackenzie.

Corps of foot serving in Africa: Lieut. Benjamin Roberts-to be Captain, vice John Clarke.

War-office, June 13.

.vft foot,-ad batt.: Capt. Archibald Campbell to he Major, vice Alexander Campbell; and Lieut. Duncan Campbell to be Captain, vice Archibald Campbell.

ajth foot: Lieut. John Williamson to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice George Douglas; and- Lieut. William'Adair to be Capuin, vice James Nixon.

War-office, June

Coldstream foot-guards: Col. Arthur

George Martin to be Sechnd Major, 'vice Charles Raintford; Lt-Col. Robert Lovelace to be Captain of a Company, vice

Mortality-bill, &c.‘ Vol. 4*.'

Arthur George Martin; and Capt. Johd

Sutton to be Captain-lieutenant, vice Robert Lovelace.

98th regiment of foot. ;

Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant: William Fullarton, Esq;

Major: Hon. Capt. Charles Cathcart, of 77th foot.

Captains: Lieut. Alexander Campbell, of xft foot, ad batt.; Lieut. William Johnston, of 81 ft foot; and Lieut. Francis Pinkerton, of 83d foot.

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut. William Kclfo, of 81st foot.

Prices of grain at Haddingt, July 14. 1786,

Third. 16s. 8d. xa s. 8<f. 10s. 6d. ys. d.

Edinburgh, July 18.1780. Oat-meal, 9d.

Bear-meal, 5 d. a f. Pease-meal, 5 d. a f.

Burials in the Groyfriars churchyard, Edinburgh,

in June 1780.

Wheat, Be ft. Second.

18 s. 3d. 17 s. od.

Bear, 14 s. d. 14s. od.

Oats, xas. od. ris. ad.

Pease, 8s. 6d. 8s. od.

Males Females *7 M

Age. N°

Under a 8

a 8c S 4

S & so 3

10 & xo a

so 8c 3° a

30 & 40 X

40 8c So 4

50 8c 60 a

60 8c 70 3

70 8c 80 7

80 8c 90 I

,90 & 100 I

Decreased 35.

N*

9

D r x xas x s.

Aged -—-

Boweihive — . , %,

Consumption — 'to Fever — 0

Small pox — — 4

Stillborn — % Teething - 4

Water in the head a

PRICES of STOCKS.

June 13.

India Stock. 130 x 4th.

3 per cent. Bk. red. 59 3 8ths a x half.

4 per cent. Conf. 59 1 half a 3 4tlts.

Ditto N.cw 1777* 73 1 8th a 1 4th. '

Navy and Vi&. Bills, 1x3 8ths perct d» Long Annuities, 16 a3 i6ths a 7,8ths. Scrip. 74 3 8ths a 3 4ths.

Annuities 1778, la 9 i6ths a 8ths. Lottery Tickets, 13 I. as d.

Juoe 18.

Bank Stock, 113 3 4*hs a xxa 3 4ths.

3 peT cent. Bk red. 60 3 4th* a 3 8th*.

3 per cent. Conf 63 r half 4 1 4th

4 per cent Conf 6s adoj 4th« a 7 8th*.

Ditto New 1777, 74 8tht a 1 half. » Navy and-Vi A. Bins, 11 x 4th-per center Long Annuities, 17 1 8d» a 3 1

Scrip. 7 6 1 8th a rs3 4*h* a 7 8th*.

Lottery Tickets, J3 1. 44. Id.

♦ r

THE

Hi

'.SCOTS MAGAZINE.

ra

*| JULY, 1780.

!:

j C O N T

Lord Chief Justice Loughborough’* charge to the grand jury oa the trial of the rioters '337.

Refle&iont 00 the late Riots 344.

History 1778. America: A French fleet arrives off Saody-hook 345. Spirited be-luvioor of the British sailors and soldiers ib. Matters critical at that time 34$. O* perations at Rhode iflaod 347. A violent temped damages both fleets 348. A gab lant action of the Isis, Capt. Raynor 349. Operations in Long island ib. Reflections on D'Eftaing’i conduct 350. Eulogiumon Lotd Howe 3J1.

Trials of the rioter* 3d*. — 36$.

Sir F, Drake: A naval anecdote 3

Parliament: Commons on Popery 367. Lords on Popery 369.

America. A hand*bill 376. and two pro* damations, by Gen. Clinton 377. Gen. Clinton and Adm. Arbuthnot arrive at New York 378. A circular letter of Con- grefs ib. Pennsylvania resolutions 37*, St John's fort taken ib.

ENTS.

An account of the late Tumults. Proceedings on Sunday 351. Lord Stonnon-to the Lord Mayor ib. Proceedings one Monday 35a. A third official lener to the Lord Mayor ib. A royal proclamation 353. A Protestant Association lund-bill ib. Proceedings on TuclHay 354. Proccedingsof the Lords 354. and Commons 355. Relolotions ib. Newgate derttoyed 357. Lord Mansfield’s house burnt ib. The Thunderer, a seditious paper ib. Proceedings on Wednesday 358. Military ported in the city, encamped in St James’s and Hyde parks, and ordered by proclamation to exert their utmort force 359 Gaols, &c. destroyed 360. Reflations 36u

A cure of a Drotsy 351.

Poetry. Lady Craven, on dreaming (he saw her heart at her feet 381. The Rt Hon. Authoress ib. The Doctors ib. Emma Corbet 38s. Verses sent to a wife with a present of a knife ib. Epigram, in allu-fion to Martial ib.

Historical Affairs 383. & feqq.

The speech of Lord Chief Lough-BOROUGH, to the Grand , convened in tht great hall in St Margaret*t Hill, on Monday, 780.

Taken in Short

Gentlemen of the Grand Jury,

"V F there are any <?f you. Gentlemen, I who came here totally ignorant of 1 the transn&iorts which have lately JL parted in this neighbourhood; if it were possible that you should neither have seen, nor heard of the devaluations that have been committed not long ago, the remnants of the flames that mull have (truck your view as you came to this place, will sufficiently declare to you the reason of your being called together. His Majesty’s paternal care for Vol. XLII.

the welfare of all his subjetfs, wi permit him to suffer offences of such daring enormity to remain without a trial, a longer time than the law requires for. assembling a jury of the county to inquire into them. The commission, Gentlemen, by which you are called, extends only to the crimes of high treason or of felony, committed by those who are, or shall be, within the time preferi-bed by the commission, within the common gaol of this county, charged with such offences.

It was not thought proper to blend the common business of an assize, where an inquiry is instituted into those crimes that the frailty of human nature is but too liable to commit, with crimes of so deep a guilt, and so much above the or-U u dinary

338 Lord Loughborough’s charge to the Grand Jury. Voi. 4a.

dinary pitch of human wickedne&, as those offences which will fall under your confederation. The general circumstances under which these crimes were committed, are of too great and too shameful notoriety; but it will be necessary for you, who are to take into confederation the nature and quality of the alts imputed to the several persons who may be brought before you as offenders, to mark the several parts, in order to observe the connection of these parts with the whole, and to determine upon the nature and quality of the acts imputed, upon a general observation of the whole circumstances of the case, applying the circumstances always to the different parts, that the particular different informations laid before you will assign to the persons accused. I shall think it a part of my duty, to endeavour to lay before you, in one view, a short account of those dancers from which this kingdom has lately been delivered. I make use of that expression; for it will clearly appear, that it wa9 not only the destruction of the property of individuals, or an attack upon the lives and fortunes of particular descriptions of men; but that the evil was not intended to be partial; that the blow which Providence was plea fed to avert, was aimed at the credit of the constitution, and to the very being of the (late.

Gentlemen, the first remarkable circumstance that calls for your observation,'is, a large concourse of people assembled in St George’s fields on the ad of June. They were called together by an advertisement published in the name of a person stated to be the president of an association The advertise-

ment invited the attendance of thousands of people, appointing signals by which they were to be distinguished, and prescribing the order and coqrfe of their anarch in feveralcolumns to the place of their destination. Charity will oblige us to suppose, that of the persons thus assembled, there were many that came there unwarily, unconscious of any evil intended; but it would be credulity in the extreme, to suppose that there were pot some among them, who knew, who foresaw, who intended, and who practiced to accomplish the purposes intended to be effectuated by that meeting. Gentlemen, a Short time has difetofed to you, that the purpose of that assembly VAh \° overawe the legislature, and <?V

tain an alteration of the establiffced laws by force and numbers. There was a petition present^d to repeal an act fn which they had no special interesti TP petition for the repeal of any ad, is undoubtedly the inherent right of every subject; but, under the name and colour of a petition, to assume the command over the legislature, is th» dissolution of all government: and it is fit to remind you* that fatal experience has shown you the danger of tumultuous petitioning, in the outlet of that unhappy contest, which ended in a total dissolution of this government; and among the first acts, after the restoration of legal authority, was a law passed in the 13 th year of the reign of Charles II. which directs, that no petition for the alteration of matters established by law in church or state, not having previously obtained the approbation of the magistrates, or of the grand jury, Shall be signe^ by more than twenty names, or delivered by more than ten person8 [33. 705.] In opposition to thia law, a petition was Signed and delivered by many thousands; and, in defiance of a principle more important and more ancient than any positive law, the desire of this petition was to be carried by the terror of the multitude that attended it through the Streets, classed, marked, and arranged as the advertisement di-reded.

Gentlemen, this was the transadion that passed in this county. That con-courle of people proceeded to Palace-yard, and to the avenues adjoining the two houses of parliament. How the leaders demeaned themselves there, what was the conduct of the multitude to the members of both Houses, it is not my intention to state: not that it may not be proper matter for consideration in other parts of this business; ray reaSon* for avoiding it is, that it is the only purpose of my addressing you, to inform you of fads (b public, that there can be no doubt upon them, and to convey that information to you in such a manner, as to avoid every circumstance that may inflame, where the application goes too directly to particular persons: for this reason, I pate over in Silence all that part of the transadion, which cannot be related but in much stronger language, and in more indignant terms, than I chuse at present to employ. In the close of that day the assembly dispersed from falacc-yard* $A*ny of tb^m un«}oubt-

1,

July 1780. Lord Loughborough'

fedly retired to their frvcral dwellings: Tome, however, there were that remained, in order to shew, that the threats of the force of that multitude, which had Invaded the ears of all that walked the strecta, were not fruitless, blit meant to be put into execution. When night tame on, the houses of two foreign ministers residing at this court, from powers In amity with his Majesty, were attacked, their chapels stript, plundered, and set on (ire. It is not possible upon that occasion, Gentlemen, to avoid this obvious reflection: Had such an outrage been committed upon a public tninifter firom this state, residing in those countries, upon whom the imputation of bigotry may with the utmost justice be fixed; what horner, indignation, and abhorrence, would it have excited, not only In the minds of all our countrymen, that would have frit the honour of the nation hurt by it ! but all other parts of Europe would have thought themselves concerned in the insult. That disgrace was committed in this country, by one of the first aCte done when they proceeded in the manner I have dated 'to you. Upon the next day, the 3d of ‘ June, there was a fremtog quiet: A very memorable circumstance; for sudden tumults, when they are once over, are commonly at an end; but when they can cease and be revived again, it is impossible not to conceive that it argues something of settled influence and previous direction. The day that followed was Sunday. Gentlemen, that day, by the laws of God and roan, is set apart and kept inviolated by the works of ho-fieft industry; that day, however, there was a renewal of the lawless force and violence in broad day-light. Before night had drawn a veil upon their transaCtioos, many buildings and private houses in MooTfieJds were attacked, stript of their goods, the furniture consumed in a bon-' fire in the public space of Moorfidds, and all this done in the view of patient magistrates. Gentlemen, some magistrates there were who had thought it their duty, upon the first breaking out of these tumults, to exert themselves in ‘ vindication of the laws: persons had been apprehended, and committed by the exertion of individuals and diligent magistrates, for the outrages committed on Friday evening. On the next day, Monday June 5. those that had hitherto fed tbcmfeivcf under <6 little restraiat,

« charge to the Grand Jury. 339

so little check, and in no degree refitted* thought it was a necessary part to accomplish, in the project they had made* to shew, that the law could not be exercised against any that had been in the like delinquency with them, with impunity^ It was the business of Monday to destroy, to pull down, and set fire to the houses of the magistrates, and those officers of the peace, by whose means persons had been apprehended.

Thus far matters had proceeded to no common degree of excess; — but what E have hitherto related to you is far ftiort of what afterwards followed, upon those two days, the 6th and yth of June, which will ever remain a stain upon the annals of these times. Frefti insults were again offered to the members of the le-giflaturc; and towards the latter part of the first day (Tuesday) all who were then in London will recollcCt, that the town had the appearance of a city taken by storm: every quarter of it was threatened and alarmed; neither sex nor age, nor fanCtity of character, nor eminence of situation, nor even honest but humble obfeurity, was sufficient to protect men from the rage, fury, and malevolence, of those who were spreading fire and terror in every quarter of the town. But, Gentlemen, the attempts were not confined to the destruction of indivi* duals: for, in a very short space of time, one of the first general objects appeared to be that which experience and history has ihewn to be among the hit efforts of the most desperate and abandoned conspirators, to break the gaols and set loose the felons, and to engage the guilty hands of desperate men, whose lives were forfeited to the law, in the accession of the crimes that they were about to perpetrate :— this, Gentlemen, was committed with success. After that, the town was set on fire, and the flames were applied to those buildings, in different quarters, that were most likely to spread the conflagration to distant places; namely, the houses of distillers, and those that from their trade contained the greatest quantity of combustible matter. That was not all, but, in the midst of horror and confusion, there was an attempt to prevent the extinction of the flames, by cutting off the water of the New River, and an attempt to strike at the foundation of all the credit of the country, the Bank of England. That was, U is true, defeated, providen-Vu atially

340 Lord Loughborough’s charge to the Grand Jury. Vol. 4a.

,tially defeated ! but under circumstances which left no doubt of their indention to carry it into effect, if it had not pleased God that the execution had been poltponed to that period of the bu-finefs.

Gentlemen, during the very short space df these two days, the incredible activity of that band of furies that walked through the town with flaming torches, had destroyed above seventy private bou-fes, and four public jails; one of which seemed at lead to have been built to withstand the efforts of an armed force. Such is the detail of the alts which were done. — I am not to omit, that while these outrages were committed, the name of religion, and the pure A and most peaceable description of religion, the Protestant religion, was made the profane pretext for feme of these violences which were committed; — the pretext only, — for I am sure there is not in Europe a man so weak, neither will there (bc found a pei son so uncandid, or so unjust to the character of the Reformed church, as to suppose, that any pofltyle motive, even of fall'e zeal, by any pbf-fible perverlion of human reason, could induce men to lay in allies the capital of the Proteltant faith, or that any pretence of any religion could at ail have influenced the minds of those whose object was to destroy all private security, by setting loose all those who had been guilty of crimes against the peace of the country; and all public credit, by the destruction of the Bank of England.

I have now. Gentlemen, ftaled to you, in one general view, the circumftauces by which this calamity began, continued, and, happily, by the exertion of the efforts, to which we are ever indebted, of a gracious sovereign, was at least fufjnrnded for a time. It now remains, that 1 should state to you, what particular parts of this trail lad ion will more immediately call for your consideration. And from what I have said, it mult be evident to you, that there may be persons whose cases wnl be brought under your view that are tainted with the guilt of high treason: for that the object was general, that the design was not of a partial or particular n tuie, that the mischief was not specifically aimed at the individuals who suffered by it, but had a deeper and more extensive operation, it would be credulity to a degree to entertain a doubt. It is necessary, therefore, Gentlemen, that I should state to you, very shortly.

what the htw is with respect to the species of treason, under which it is possible some of those cases which are con-neded with this strange and uoparalleUed outrage, may come.

There are two species of treason, which may possibly have particular cases. If a man doth compass and imagine the death of our Lord the King, that is high trea-fem: if a man doth levy war against the King within the realm, that is high treason. The first species of high treason, that of compassing and imagining the death of the King, is to be demonstrated by some overt ad, as the means to cf-feduate the purposes of the heart: the levying war, or conspiring to levy war, may be an overt ad of that treason; but levying war against the King, is also a distinct species of treason; and as, from the general circumstances of this case, it is very possible, that that may be the species of treason most applicable to the cases which may be brought before you, it is necessary that I should state to you more fully, and more distinctly, what the law has said, with respect to cales that fall under that denomination of crime. And, Gentlemen, I am particularly happy, to be able to state it to you, not from collections, inferences, or dedudions of my own, which i am sensible may be liable to error, and in which the change or inaccuracy of expression might lead to very dangerous mistakes; but 1 am enabled to state it to you from such authority, as that the law itself speaks to you, and that my mouth only pronounces the words of the law; for i shall state it to you in the very words of that great, learned, and able judge, Mr Justice Fofter, that true friend to the liberties of his country.

Gentlemen, these are the words of Mr Justice Eofter. — Every iufurredion which in the judgement of the law is intended against the person of the KiRg, be it to dethrone or iuiprison him, or to oblige him to alter his measures of government, or to remove evil counsellors froma-bout him, these risings all amount to levying war within the statute, whether attended with the pomp and circumstances of open war or not; and every conspiracy to levy war for these purposes, though not treason within the clause of levying war, is yet an overt ad within the other clause, of compassing the King’s death; for these purposes cannot be effected by numbers, and open force, without maoifeft danger

to

July 1780. Lord Loughborough's charge to the Grand Jury. 341

to his person.—Insurreltions in order to who were then tried and convicted for throw down all inclosures,— to alter the this species of high treason, were either festablished law, or change religion, — to leaders, or set on as part of a mob, that enhance the price of labour, or to open was gathered together then likewise un-all prisons; — all risings in order to ef- der the false and profane pretext of reli-fed these innovations, of a public and gion. The cry at that time was false* general concern, by an armed force, wicked, and calumnious, That the church are in construltion of law high treason of England was in danger, pretended to within the clause of levying war; for be apprehended by some, and credulouf-though they are not levelled at the per- )y believed by others; they were dangers son of the King, they are against his supposed to arise from that just and hu-Royal Majesty; and besides, they have mane indulgence that the law of the a direct tendency to dissolve all the bonds time, the Resolution, had shewn to Pro* of society, and todestroy all property testant Dissenters, countenanced and sup-and all government, by numbers and an ported by the toleration-alt. The delu-armed force. Insurreltions likewise for ded persons, inflamed and led on to dc-redressing national grievances, or for the stroy the meeting-houses, arc considered expulGon of foreigners in general, or in- by the learned judge whose words 1 have deed those of any Angle nation living just quoted, as having declared against here under the protection of the King, the alt, and attempted to render the alt or for the reformation of real or imagi- ineffectual by numbers and open force, nary evils of public nature, and in and upon that ground he declares the which the insurgents have no special in- condemnation to have legally proceed-terest; — risings to effelt these ends by ed.

force and numbers, are, by construltion He fays, M Since the meeting-houses of law, within the clause of levying war; of Protestant Dissenters are, by the to-for they are levelled at the King’s crown leration-alt, taken under protection of and dignity.” the law, the declaration in the present

In these passages it is necessary for me cases was to be considered as a public to felelt or repeat the particular parts declaration against that alt, and an at-which I observe have (truck your atten- tempt to render the alt ineffectual by tion. There is, in several parts, men- numbers and open force.’’ tion made of an armed force; and there- The principles that are dated to you fore it is necessary to state to you what, with such force as carry clearness along in another passage of the fame chapter, with them, by the learned judge, are the learned judge has said upon that sub- confirmed by that case, not only from jelt. He refers to two cases, which were the fanltion of the learned judges at the decided at a very memorable period, to- time the judgement was pronounced, wards the latter end of the reign of but have had the uniform approbation of Anne. Two persons, Damaree and Pur- posterity from that time to this; and chafe, were convicted, and received fen- the principles 1 have just delivered to fence of death, as in cases of high trea- you, are essentially necessary for the fafeson, upon the point of constructive le- guard and protection of that excellent vying war. — Having mentioned the ca- constitution, which we cannot but feel fes, he fays, *( There was nothing the re the violation of, at an instant of time so given in evidence of the usual pageantry near to that in which we had the great-of war, no military weapons, no banners, eft reason to apprehended the total diffo-no drums, nor any regular consultation lutionofit.

previous to the rising; and yet the want Gentlemen, the kalendar points out of those circumstances weighed nothing that there are a number of prisoners, with the court, though the prisoners who, according to their commitments, counsel infilled much upon that matter; may be indicted by you either for the the number of insurgents having supplied burning and pulling down, or for the the want of military weapons, and they setting fire to and riotously beginning to being provided with axes, crows, and pull down the King’s-bench, the House other tools of the like nature proper for of Correction, some other public build-the mifebief they intended to effelt.” ings that I need not particularly state. Gentlemen, he adds another observa- and nine private dwelling houses in this tion upon the cases of these two men. — county: there are others, who are com-lt is remarkable, that the twoperfoos mitted for breaking open the county-

gaol.

342 lx>rd LoughborougVs charge to the Grand Jury. Vol.4li

gaol, and setting the prisoners loofo r there are, betides, fbme who are committed for different robberies, by extorting money or goods, under the terror of the mob, from different persons who were remaining in their dwellings, or in the Greets. These are the several cases of felony that will probably be fub-nutted to your consideration; and I am fenGble, Gentlemen, that I need say little to you upon the fnbjeft of these felonies. There are many of you, who pro* fessionally are conversant with the genei ral principles of law, and all of the gentlemen that I hare the honour to foe, are, by their rank and Gtuation in life, undoubtedly instrufted in the general principles of that law, which is commonly difoenfed in the course of the execution ohcriminal justice throughout the kingdom.

1 will just mention to you, that as to these offences, the burning any house, or outhoufo being parcel of a dwelling-house, though not contiguous or under one roof, is at common law a felony, and the benefit of clergy is by law taken from this offence; therefore it is a capital offonce to fot fire to any house, barn, or outhoufo, though the said house, ike. should not be burnt down: and it is not necessary it should be by force, or persons armed or difguifod; for merely to set fire to any house, barn, or outhoufo, is a capital felony by the act 90 Geo. I. ch. 2». To begin to pull down any dwelling-house, or outhoufo, by persons riotoufiy assembled, to the number of twelve or more, is made a capital felony by an act i° Geo. I. ch. 5. which is commonly known by the name of the riot-aft. Having mentioned that act, it is necessary I should just say a few words upon it. I have mentioned those cases that were decided in a period very near to that in which this act passed; the two cases of the persons convicted of high treason, for assembling to pull down Protestant Dissenting meeting - houses. The fame pernicious and dangerous spirit, that by the worst parts of faction had been instilled into the lowest of the people towards the clofc of the reign of Q. Anne, by great artifices, had been Ml kept alive in the minds of difeontented persons: and if we did not foe the strangest perversions of reason, and the strangest inconsistence prevail upon the minds of men, beyond the guidance of reason, it would remain matter of the

utmost astonishment; but It is no lefif true than aftoniihing, what was mifcail-ed a Protestant mob in the beginning of the reign of George 1. was a mob called forth, arranged, excited, and employed, against the Protestant succession, at the mug-houses, and every lurking comer and alley of sedition, raised by the enemies of this constitution, and the Protestant succession; and persons, under the false cry of religion, were gathering mobs to attack the government, and to resist that happy and fortunate establishment, the confirmation of'our rights and liberties, which were held sacred at the Resolution. To prevent that, an act wls framed, and formed, upon an anat logy, in some respects, with the words of former statutes: the effect of it was* to give a farther protection to the civil authority of the state? by making the beginning of mischief dangerous to the perpetrators of it, and subject those whose crimes, by their enormity, brought them under the particular cognisance of the law, to a punishment that the bold-nefa and guilt of their designs well merited; for that purpose, though the mischief was not perpetrated, though the house wa9 not pulled down, the beginning to pull down, even not under the circumstance of a large force, but with a collection of persons riotoufiy assembled, to the number of twelve or more, is justly made a capital felony. There are other parts in this act, in which pef-fons riotoufiy assembled arc, by the rc-quisition of a magistrate, to depart; and if they will not depart, the space of an hour having elapsed, the statute declares them guilty of a capital felony, that con-fills only in continuing together riotoufiy assembled after the space of an hour,’ when required to depart. That was tht provision of the act, in order the better to support the civil authority; but it was not the intention of the legislature, nor is it the effect of the act, during the space of an hour, from the time of reading the proclamation, to disarm the civil authority, or oblige the King’s subjects to de-lift from quelling a riot inltantly, or to oblige them to remain patient and tame spectators of a number of people assembled together in breach of the law and pence. The length of time adds to the offence; but that the etrcumftance «f their continuing together the space of an hour creates the offence, is a fatal mistake i and 1 thought k neoeflary to take

July 1 78o. Lord Loughborough'*

this public occasion of stating, that the Tupping every thing may be done, and nothing be unlawful, till an hour is clap fed, and that therefore the civil authority to all his Majesty’s subjects is suspendedduring.an hour, is a mistake; for the statute means no such thing; it gives an additional force to the power of the magistrate, but it leaves them in possession of all the power which the civil authority po fie fled before. This part, however, of the statute will never come under your consideration.

I don’t conceive it impoflSble, from the excessive and immediate violence of this riot, what fame has said, that the proclamation had never been read; but you are to consider that part of it, “ the beginning to pull down, or destroy, any house, barn, or outhouse, by any number of persona assembled, to the number of twelve or more, constitutes a capital offence.”

Gentlemen, in all these cases I have stated to you, the burning of houses, the setting fire to them, the pulling down or beginning to pull down, the being present, aiding, or encouraging the immediate aCtors, though no act is proved to be dooe by the party himself, is equally criminal, and subjects him in the fame degree to the punishment of the law. It has been the constant and the establiftied opinion of the judges upon the construe-tion of these statutes, and solemnly delivered upon a late occasion, and not that 1 know of ever disputed, that “ the being present, aiding, abetting, encouraging of,” though no act is proved to be done by the party, only his aid, assistance, encouragement, and presence, constitutes him in such a degree of guilt, as amounts to the crime of a capital felony, provided against by the statute.

Gentlemen, the taking, against the will of the owner, under terror of the mob, goods, or money, is undoubtedly a robbery; I have therefore thus gone through these several matters, which the kalendar makes it probable may lie prefaced to your view of all thele offences. You, Gentlemen, are to ioquire for this county, and make true presentation; and* when I consider the character of the gentlemen I have the honour to address, how highly they are valued, and juf*1' esteemed by their country, all ad-ir. v it ion on my part will be totally fu-HetHjou3. In you, Gentlemen, the $Ujbli<j has long placed, and, I am ccr-

eharge to the Grand Jury. 343

tain, upon this occasion, will have no reason to regret that it has placed, the utmost consequence that it can beftovr upon any part of its fellow-creatures. Ydur part, however, is only, upon the evidence presented to you upon the part of the accufcr, to determine, whether the party accused stands so probably accused, that you ought to fend him to takfe his trial by another jury of his country, whose province it is, upon the hearing of the evidence upon both ftdes, to pronounce that he is guilty, or that he is mot guilty. You find only, that there is ground to put him upon his trial: in the course of that trial, if there Oiould be any advantage to be derived from the nicety and caution of the law, if there are any circumstances of alleviation of the guilt of the party, it will be as much the inclination, upon this occasion, as it is the duty, of all, and the constant practice of the learned judges who are commissioned to try upon this occasion, to point out all they can in justice for the prisoner, and to lay the proper weight upon all the circumstances that can, in fairness, alleviate the offence; and, after all, if the sentence of the.law should pronounce upon the guilt of the prifort-er, he may still have recourse to that fountain of mercy, the Royal Bread, where justice is always tempered with clemency.

These, Gentlemen, are the advantages, this the protection, that the government and the laws afford to all; — unr-distinguishing, indifferent, and equal to the just and unjust.

A government founded upon the laws will hold out that protection, and give the full benefit of those laws, to such as are accused of an attempt to subvert that government, and to deprive their fellow-subjects, and their posterity, of the benefit of that constitution for ever.

The excellency of the law, the blessing of that constitution, and the admirable form of this government, cannot be better proved, than by administering, upon an occasion which so directly calls up, in the minds of all men. sentiments of love, veneration, and affection, for that government, by administring to all men indifferently, and equally, the benefit of those laws: they are for the protection of peaceable subjects; they are a safe-guard of their rights; they may have recourse to them; they may claim the benefit of tha.t fan&uarjjr they will have

344 Reflections on the Late Rioted V0I.42.

all the effect of them, when they are administered by those that compose the grand jury, and by those who, upon the part of their country, are to try the prisoners; and they will have all the effect that reason, justice, and humanity require they Should have. . Mag,

A Letter from a Gentleman in London to

his Friend Abroad,

Dear Sir,

VOU will have been alarmed at what has lately happened at London, and our enemies will have fed themselves with cruel hopes. Their wishes have not succeeded; God’s providence prevented the far greatest part of the evil intended from being executed. The mistake, that felony could not be suppreSTed but by certain forms, encouraged the ruffians to go great lengths, and prevented at first the necessary exertions being made against them. Government, after the first twenty-four hours of wide-spread violence, acted without attention to that most ab* surd prejudice, and by a few hours spirited exertion the whole was quelled. The extreme humanity of the military, even then, was the occasion that not a tenth part of those perished who most richly deserved it. No government but an English one would, in those hours, have moderated the massacre of heaps of ruffians, thieves, incendiaries, traitors, whose outcries threatened a far wider devastation than they had time to prac-tife. The execrable intentions of the enemy to overthrow us at home, by using the madness of fanatics, assembled in thousands, under the vilest of all hypo-' critical pretentions and lies, seemed to succeed on Tuesday June 6.; because, forfootb, it was ignorantly fancied, that a magistrate was necessary to give orders to fire upon ruffians who were in actual felony; whereas a magistrate is only ne-ceSTary to difperfc unlawful assemblies, before felony is actually begun: but

when it is begun, all men are authorised to proceed to every extremity to put an end to felony. This was not so understood till now; and we ask one another, How is it possible that we could have been so blind, as not to use common sense, or to suppose that common sense was not law I BleSTed be God, common sense broke in upon us; the king and his ministers obeyed it; and the evil Tank at once. The troops came in from divers parts in sufficient numbers to cruSh all before'them j and now* all men here

having learnt that they need not wait for a magistrate in the like cases, Steps are taken against all such events in future, by the inhabitants being prepared and preparing to punish such glaring a Ctsof violence. Government, whose Strength is that of the whole nation, is not to be overturned at home. Our enemies, who cannot blush, may howl. They had fondly hoped, from our seditious papers printed every day, that no Sinews were left among us; otherwise. Said they, such treasonable papers would not every day be printed with impunity. How long government may judge it proper to endure such domestic insults, is not now my inquiry1; I would only tell you, that, notwithstanding all this licentiouf-nefs, government is on its legs; and whoever looks upon us as ripe for destruction, will be baffled and punished. We are Stronger than ever, and the more so on account of these late disburbances. The danger to the whole, from the effects of popular tumults, has scouted the measure. The unmuzzling a mad bear is found too inconvenient, as this late bear did more than its instigators at first seemed to intend. Such is the nature of the bear. We Shall grow up into more sociality; we Shall value order more than anarchy; we Shall look upon it as madness to care only each for himself; we Shall be less French and less American, and less dxmoniacs than ever. Which of our domestic or foreign enemies ex-ected this ? The few prisoners taken ave now been tried by the valuable, mild, and fair forms of law: and it does our country honour, that herein nothing has been hurried, no insult made use of towards these criminals, but the judges and the juries have behaved in a manner unknown in other places. While all the French party in Europe arc decrying us and our government as arbitrary and tyrannical, and wish America delivered from us, as if we were tyrants, is any patience, mildness, or decency, equal to ours, in the American tribunals ? But I mult finish. God has confounded our enemies in this matter, and perhaps we Shall do well in our foreign troubles too. Your’s, A. B.

P. S. The King’s behaviour has covered him with honour; and the military have Shewn, that in desperate cases they do not go too far, and have not htep guilty of a tingle disorder.

London Chronic It, Jul/ 20.

Jbly 1780. History 1778: America. 345

HISTORY 1778, concluded.[194.] America continued.

The danger, though lessened, was not, however, immediately removed; and it ft ill required the most consummate ability and fortitude to render the kindness of fortune effective. — On the fourth day after the account was received of D’E-ftaing’s arrival on the coast, and subsequent advice of his having anchored in the Delaware being also received, he appeared suddenly [July n.], and rather -unexpectedly, in light of the Britishi fleet at Sandy-hook. His force was great, and in good condition, confiding of twelve ships of the line, and three frigates of superior size. Among the former were several ships of great force, and weight of metal; one carrying 90, another So, and fix carrying 74 guns each; and the squadron was said to have no left than 11,000 men on board. On the other fide, the British fleet under Lord Howe, confided of fix sixty-four gun ships, three of fifty, and two of forty guns, with some frigates and (loops. Mod of the former had been long on service, were accordingly in bad condition, and were also wretchedly manned. If any thing, however, could remedy such essential defelts, it might have been hoped for, from the superior abilities of their commander, and the excellency of his officers.

They had, however, the advantage of being In possession of that port or harbour which is formed by Sandy-hook; the entrance of which is covered by a bar, and from whence the inlet pafies to Hew York. The expelled and avowed objelt of D’Eftaing was, to force that pr.f-sage, and to attack the Rnglish squadron in the harbour. notwithstanding the utinofi exertions of preparation made by Lord Howe that the time could possibly admit; yet, from contrary winds, and other unavoidable incidents, the ships were not completely arrived in their respective situations of defence, nor had there been time to chuff those situations with the judgement which was afterwards exercised, when D’Eftaing appeared without the Hook. Under these circumstanceR, which, with respclt to the cffelt, might be considered, in fomc degree, as affording the advantages of h surprise, if he had pushed on directly to pass the bary and force the pnfi'age, it would seem, that neither the advantage of 1st nation, nor any eminence uf ability VOXr.XML*

or virtue on the other fide, could be capable of counteracting the vast superi-prity of his force. The conflict would have been undoubtedly dreadful; and perhaps, in that respelt, might have exceeded any thing known in naval history; but the greatest portion of human spirit must require some adequate degree of strength to render its exertions effective.

A diversity of opinion feemsto prevail, on the practicability of the great ships of the French fleet passing in force through Ihe strait, and over the bar. Some arc of opinion that it might have been at* tempted with prudence. If so, it may be considered as a happiness on all tides, that D’Eftaing was not possessed of tha^ spirit of enterprise which would have been equal tofo arduous an attempt; that the terror of the Britishflag was yet in no degree weakened; and that the name of the Noble commander who opposed him ad-, ded some weight to that effect. D’Eftaing accordingly cast anchor on the Jer* fey tide, about four miles without the Hook, and in the viciuity of the smalt town of Shrewsbury.

The spirit that was displayed on this occasion, not only in the fleet and army, but through every order and denomination of Teamen, was never exceeded, and will not often be equalled. A thousand volunteers were immediately dispatched from the transports to the fleet. The remainder of the crews could not restrain their indignation at being left behind, and fought every possible mean*, by hiding in the boats or otherwise, to escape on board the men of war; so that . the agents could scarcely keep by force a sufficient number of hands for the watch of their respective ships. The mailers and mates of the merchantmen and traders at New York, foliated employment with the greatest earnestness; and took their stations at the guns with the common Tailors. Others hazarded every tiling, by putting to Tea in light vessels, to watch the motions of the enemy, and perform other ncccfiary services. One in particular, with a noble difinterested-nefs and gallantry, which may be com^ p»ted with anything known in history, offered to convert his vessel (in which his whole hope and fortune lay) into fire ship, to be conducted by himself; and i'pushed with disdain every proposal of indemnification or reward.

lr will afford no surprise, that this spirit fhouiJ fhinc out in the army witH X x equal

34<5 History 1778: America. Vol. 42-

equal lustre; and that the light infantry between the £wo nations. Every thing; and grenadiers, who had scarcely reco* was at (take on the Britishlide. If the na-vered the fatigue of a most toilsome and val force was destroyed, (and nothing less dangerous march, and with many of the than destruction or victory could have end-officers wounds (till green and fore, ed the conflict), the vast fleets of transports should notwithstanding contend with and victuallers, with the army, mult all such eagerness to serve on board the men have fallen along with it. D’Dftaing, howe-of war as marines, that the point of ho- ver, thought the attempt too dangerous^ nour was obliged to be decided by lots, and (haping his course another way, was In a word, the public spirit, zeal, brave- in a few hours out of fight, ry, and magnanimity, displayed upon Nothing was ever more critical than this: this occasion, would have damped a cha- commander’s stay at Sandy-hook; and raCter upon a nation that before had few things coifld be more fortunate in none; and is an honour even to this the present circumstances, than his decountry. It mud, however, be ac- parture at the exalt period that be did. knowledged, that the popularity of the For if the whole, or any part, of Adm.. , Noble commander, and the confidence Byron’s fleet had arrived during his stay, founded on his great qualities, contribu- considering the ruined date in which it ted not a little to these exertions. reached the coasts of America, there

The French fleet continued at anchor could scarcely have been a hope of its in the position we have mentioned, and not falling, almod, a defenceless prey taking in water and provisions, for ele- into his hands. That unfortunate fqua-ven days. It may be well supposed, that dron is said to have been, in many re-as D’EAaing did not profit of the fird spelts, badly equipped and provided, opportunity that offered, that any at- In this date they had the fortune of tempt made by him after the exertions meeting unusually bad weather for on the Other fide had taken their full ef- the season and being separated in dif-felt, and the judicious defensive dispofi- ferent dorms, and lingering through a tions made by the British Admiral were tedious passage, arrived, scattered, bro-completed, would have been not only ken, sickly, difmalted, or otherwise da-ineffeltual, but probably (notwithdand- maged, in various degrees of didrefs, ing the superiority of his force) ruinous, upon different and remote parts of the Neither the confidence arising from D'E- coads of America. Between the depar-ftaing’s hesitation, or from their own ture of D’EUaingon the and and the 30th courage, was, however, any allay to the of July, the Renown, of 50 guns, from mixed passions of grief and indignation the well Indies, the Raisonable and Cen-

which now agitated the British seamen. turion of 64 and 50, from Halifax, and

They endured the mortification, for the the Cornwall (one of Adm. Byron's

fird time, of seeing a British fleet block- squadron), of 74 guns, all arrived singly

ed up and inlulted in their own harbour, at Sandy-Hook. The joy arising from

and the French flag flying triumphant this reinforcement could scarcely be fu- i

without; and this was dill more deeply perior to that excited by a sense of the j

embittered and aggravated, by behold- imminent danger which they had so for- )

itig every day vessels under Engliffi co- tunately escaped. It seemed no less an

lours (who had dill been ignorant of iudance of good fortune, that the Corn-

the lo(s of their usual protection), captu- wall was in better condition than most

red under their eyes by the enemy. They of the other ships of that squadron. looked out every hour with the utmost This failure of the exccllently-laid anxiety, and in the most eager expelta- feheme, which had been concerted by

tion, for the arrival of Byron’s squadron. the French minidry with the American

D’Edaing’s fleet at length appeared deputies at Paris, for the surprise and

under way; and as the wind was favour- capture of the British fleet and army, 1

able, July 22. and the spring-tidesat the whether on the Delaware or its borders,

highest, (the water rising that afternoon necessarily called for new counsels and

thirty feet on the bar), it was expelled measures. Rhode island was the objelt

that he intended to carry his long-delay- now fixed upon, as that which would

ed menace into execution; and that that admit the mutual operation of the new

day would have afforded one of the hot- allies by land and sea. This was the

ted and most desperate engagements motive of D’Edaing’s departure from

that had ever been fought during the long Sandy hook; and, for this purpose,

comity and rivahhiptbathadfubfidedbe- Gen. Sullivan assembled a body of troops

ia

Jaly 1780

in the neighbourhood of Providence, for an invasion of the island, on its north end, from the continent; whilst D’Eftaing was to enter the harbour of Newport, near its southern extremity, and after destroying the shipping, by a powerful assault on the works facing the sea, to place the British forces between two fires.

The French fleet either blocked up or entered the several inlets, between which Rhode idand and its adjoi ning lefier islands are inclosed, and which form a communication more or less navigable in the different branches, between the open sea and the back continent, on the 29th of July. The main body cast anchor without Brenton’s Ledge, about five miles from Newport; two of their line-of'battle ships ran up the Narraganset passage, and anchored off the North end of the island of Conanicut, where they were Ihut up several days from rejoining the fleet by contrary winds; while some of their frigates entering the Seconnet paf-iage, occasioned the blowing up of the King’8-Fisher (loop and two armed gal-lies, which could not otherwise avoid falling into the hands of the enemy.

Maj.-Gen. Sir Robert Pigot, who commanded the British forces, took every measure in the power of a brave and experienced officer, that could tend to a vigorous and most obstinate defence. The troops, artillery, and cattle, were immediately conveyed from the island of Conanicut; the troops at the out posts in Rhode island were in constant readiness, at the first signal, to join the main body; the works to the sea wereftrength-eoed by every poiHble means; and the seamen belonging to the vessels that were destroyed, as well as those that could be spared from others, were called to their favourite occupation of serving the artillery. The transports (which must otherwise have fallen into the enemy’s hands)

History 1778: America.

?47

compress it so much as to form a kind of illhmus, by which the southern end, that spreads into the ocean, is connected with the main body. The town of Newport lies just within this peninsula, at the opening of the iftbmus on the weft-ern fide of the island, and facing the island of Conanicut; the space between both forming a bay, which includes or forms the harbour. The inlet to the harbour from the sea, called the Middle Channel, is narrow, and inclosed by Brenton’s point and the opposite point'of Conanicut, which form the southern extremities of both islands. A bar of high grounds, which erodes the isthmus from channel to channel above Newport, was strongly covered with lines, redoubts, and artillery; so that the peninsula might be considered as a garrison, distinct from the rest of the island; and, under the protection of a superior naval force, might, in a great measure, defy any attempts from the northern fide, supposing that an enemy bad made good it9 landing in such circumstances. But the enemy being masters by sea, rendered the talk of defence, under the apprehen-fion of an attack on both fides at the same time, exceedingly arduous. The commander had, however, just before, received a reinforcement of five battalions; the troops were in excellent condition and spirit; and the body of seamen, both with respect to labour and danger, were no small addition to their means of resistance.

The force destined against them by land was not so considerable as their information had led them to apprehend.— The business on that fide seems to have been committed mostly, if not entirely, to the northern colonics, who were those immediately concerned in the event. GenerabSuliivan, is however said to have assembled about 10,000 men; of whom, at least half, were composed of volunteers

were funk in different parts of those from New England and Connecticut.— As

channels and passages which might have afforded them an opportunity of attacking the works with advantage. The royal frigates were removed as far from danger as possible; but as their loss or destruction must be inevitable in the prosecution of the enemy’s design, they were dismantled of their artillery and stores, and the necessary measures taken for securing the latter part of the alternative.

Two opposite bays in the inlets on the eastern and western fides of the island,

the operation of the French fleet were regulated by those of the army on land, they continued inactive until Sullivan was in condition to pass over from the continent to the north end of the island.. On the 8th of August, finding that measure in for-wardnefs, and the wind being favourable, they entered the harbour under an easy fail, cannonading the batteries and town as they passed, and receiving their fire* without any material effect on either fide. They anchored above the town, bo tween Goat island and Conanicut, but X x zncaiec

348 History 1778

nearer to the Utter, On which both the French and Americans had parties for some days part.

As soon as the determination of the enemy to enter the harbour became apparent, the commanders found themselves under the grievous necessity of burning the Orpheus, Lark, Juno, and Cerberus frigates; as they were soon after of linking the Flora and Falcon.

As soon as Lord Howe received advice of the danger of Rhode island, he determined to attempt every thing which resolution, under the direction of reason and judgement, could undertake for its preservation. His squadron, notwithstanding the late reinforcements, was still, with respect to effective force, and weight of metal, so far inferior to the enemy, that to hazard an engagement, without some collateral advantage to counteract so great a superiority, would seem a degree of raOinefs inconsistent » ith his character. In point of number* he was indeed superior to the French, his squadron now confiding of one 74* seven 64, and five 50 gun ships, besides several frigates: but the great deficiency in other respects appears from the bare recital of the rates. Every thing in such a situation was, however, to be tried, and he was determined that nothing should be left undone. The account indeed he received of the separated state Of the French fleet, some of them involved in the channels, and the bulk lying without, afforded some room for a hope, that he might Bring on an engagement upon more equal terms than could have been otherwise expected.

But notwithstanding the utmost possible expedition, be met with such unavoidable delays, that he was not able to reach Rhode island until the day after the French fleet had entered that harbour [Aug. 9.]. From the situation in which the enemy now lay, he was enabled to communicate directly with Gen. Pigot; the result of which was, that, under the present circumstances, the affording him any efiential relief was impracticable.

A sudden change of wind to the north-east afforded an equal change of circumstances; and on the following day , the French Admiral stood out to sea with the whole fleet, those in the Narraganlet paffhge, as well as the port. Lord Howe, justly deeming the weather-gage too great an advantage to be added to

: America. Vol. 42.

the superior force df the enemy, contended for that object with all the (kill and judgement incident to an able anci experienced seaman. On the other hand, D'Efiaing, notwithstanding his superiority, was as eager to preserve tbi* advantage as his adversary to obtain it. This contest of feamanship prevented an engagement on that day [Aug. n.l r but the wind on the day following still continuing adverse to the design of the British Admiral, he determined to make the best of the present circumstances, and to engage the enemy; forming the line in such a manner as to be joined by three fire-ships, which were under the tow of as many frigates. A strong gale of wind, which afterwards increased to a violent teropeft, and continued for near forty-eight hours, not only put by the engagement by separating the fleets, for the present, but scattered them in such a manner, and caused so much damage on both fides, as rendered an engagement for some time impracticable.

The French suffered greatly in this tempest, two of their capital ships being dismasted, and others much damaged. Some untoward situations, and unusual circumstances, were produced by this conflict of the elements. The Languedoc of 90 guns, D’Eftaing’s own ship, had loft all her malts, and was met Iq that condition, on the evening of the 13th, by the Renown of 50 guns, Capt. Dawson, who attacked her with such fury, as well as judgement and advantage, that no doubt could have been entertained of the event, if the day-light had continued. But the darkness of the night, and frefliness of the gale, whose violence was not yet quite allayed, compelled Capt. Dawson to cease from his attack, after he had poured several broadsides close into her, and had, besides other apparent damage, (hot away her rudder. He, however, lay to, as closely as possible, for the night, intending to renew the attack in the morning, and considering her as little less than a certain prize. The appearance of fix French men of war, by whom he was chafed at day-light, and who were poifi-bly led that way by the firing, put an end to Dawson’s hopes, and relieved the French Admiral from this very urgent distress.

Upon the fame evening, and about the fame hour, the Preston, likewise of 50 guns, Com. Hotbaro, fell io with the

Tonnant,

July 1780. History 1778:

Tonnant, a French 80 gun ship, with only her main-mast (landing. The Commodore attacked her with the fame spirit and effect with which Capt. Dawson had engaged the Languedoc. The circumstances were likewise ftmilar in every respect. The night obliged him to draw off, with the fame intention of renewing the engagement, and under the fame certainty of success; whillt the appearance of a part of the French fleet in the morning frustrated both.

The circumstances of advantage afforded by the temped were not, however, entirely confined to one fide. It held out one on the other, which was productive of one of the most gallant and brilliant naval actions of this, or of any war. The ((is of 50 guns, Capt. Ray* nor, was eagerly chafed and engaged by a French 74 gun flag-ship [Aug. 16.], supposed to be the Zcle, though other accounts say the Csefar. The Frenchman was much the better sailer, and the circurodances of the ships with respcCt to the temped were the fame, they having both entirely escaped the effects of its fury. In this very unequal conted, in which the greatest resolution and (kill would seem incapable of supplying the deficiency of force on the one fide, a close and desperate engagement was maintained with the greatest obstinney on both, for an hour and a half, and within pidol-shot distance. At the end of that time, the Isis had obtained so manifed a superiority in the action, that the French ship was glad to put before the wind, and call in the aid of all her fails, to escape from so determined an enemy. The His had differed so much in her mads and rigging as to be incapable of attempting a purfuif.

It is not easy to determine whether to admire more the gallantry exhibited in this Angular action, or the modedy of the brave commander in his account of it. This was indeed so extreme, that his Admiral was obliged in some degree to supply the defeat, by acquainting the Admiralty, that the honour of the day was not more owing to the resolution of the Captain, or the intrepidity of his officers and crew, than to the professional fkilland ability of the former [40.5 50.].The lofsof men wasconsiderable on the French fide, and M. de Bougainville, the celebrated and philofophic navigator, who was their commander, is said to have Jod an arm in the action. The loss in the ffis was very moderate. The high

America* 349

honour which the young Duke of An* caster, acquired as a volunteer in this action, only serves to embitter the loss which his country has since sustained, by the premature death of a nobleman, who so early didinguished himself in her service, and from whom (he had so much to expert. [41. 399-J

Although the Britdh squadron suffered much less in the dorm than the French, yet their damage was so considerable, as unavoidably to cod some time at Sandy* hook or New York, in proportion to their wants, whether ohly to refit, or to repair. The French fleet returned to Rhode island on the aoth, where they anchored without the harbour, and failed from thence on the asd for Bodon, in order to repair their (battered ships. Lord Howe, having got his ships in condition with an expedition that fur-prised every body, pursued them with the greated eagerness, hoping to over* take them by the way.

In the mean time, Gen. Sullivan had landed on the north end of Long island, by the way of Howland's ferry, on the 9th of Augud, being the day that D’E-ltaing went out of the harbour to meet Lord Howe. The extreme badness of the weather impeded for some days the bringing forward of his dores and artillery, and of course retarded the progress of his army. On the 17th, however, they broke ground on Honeyman's hill, near the British works, and began to construct batteries, ar.d to form lines of approach; the British forces being no less active in throwing up new works, and constructing new batteries, to counteracd theirs. We have already observed, that Gen. Pigot was under no great apprehension of an attack in front; the general object of apprehension was the concurrent assault of D’Edaing on thfc town and works to the water; but the great point of danger was his landing a body of troops in the fouthem penin-fiila, which would have laid the garrison open in the rear, whild they were de-fpcrately engaged on the front and flank in defence of their works.

The critical and most timely appearance of Lord Howe with the British squadron, happily obviated this apprehension and danger in the fird indance; and D’Eftaing’s consequent departure, or flight, to Bodon, removed them entirely. His failing out of the harbour to engage Lord Howe, does not seem by any

mcaus

3jo History 1778: America. Vol. 42#

means to have been a judicious measure. The nature of the port, the narrowness of the passage from the sea, with the means of defence afforded by the island of Conanicut, which was occupied by Imnfelf and his allies, held out, all together, so strong a security to his fleet, that scarcely any naval superiority, which, however, did not exilt, could havejuftifled any attempt upon it. In this (late, it would seem, that he should first have secured his objelt, which ap-ars to have been much within his reach, fore he put out to sea, either to engage, or to seek for Lord Howe. But vanity seems here to have had some fbarc in his determination. The glory of vanquishing a British squadron, and of obtaining a triumph over a commander of great name, and of a country which so seldom afforded such laurels, was a temptation not to be refitted by D’E-ftaing.

Yet, after all the ill consequences of this vain and ruinous pursuit, if he had entered the harbour, and co-operated with the Americans, in conformity with their most earnest solicitations, when he anchored the second time before Rhode island, it would seem that the state of the garrison would have been extremely perilous, and that he had a fair prospect of retrieving, by a stroke of no small importance, the failure of success in his grand object. Such a successtul co-operation would like wife have had a wonderful effect in conciliating the minds of his new allies, and in giving them an idea, which they were not very apt to entertain, of the vigour and efficacy of French counsels and arms. It may indeed be objected, and truly, that his two dif-xnatted ships could not have been repaired, nor, perhaps, t-he rest of his squadron refitted, at Rhode island: but as they might have continued there in perfect security for any length of time, if he had succeeded in his object, this objection does not appear to be of sufficient weight for its being abandoned.

1'he American army in'Rhode island, and the people of the northern colonies in general, complained loudly of this conduit. They laid, that they had been Jed into an expedition of prodigious expence, labour, trouble, and danger, under the assurance of the most effective co-operation of the French fleet; that, under this fanltion, they had committed their lives and liberties on the invasion of au island, where, without a naval pro

tc&ion, they were likely to be inclosed like wild beasts in a toil; and that in this situation they were first deserted, for a vain and fruitless pursuit, and then totally abandoned at the very time that they had brought the business on their fide to the point of completion.

Under these difeontents and apprehen-fions, Sullivan was deserted by the New-England and Connecticut volunteers, who composed the better half of his army; and by this means, if we credit the { American accounts, his numbers were so much reduced, as to be inferior, in point of force, to the garrison. In these circumstances, and under the immediate apprehension of his retreat being cut off, Sullivan extricated himself with a degree of prudence and ability, which would have done donour to an older general; nor would the behaviour of his troops have disgraced more veteran soldier9.

Having begun to fend off his heavy artillery and baggage on the 26th of August, he retreated from his lines on the 29th: and though he was most vigorouf-ly pursued, and repeatedly attacked in every quarter where-everan opening was made by the British forces; yet he took his measures so well, and bad chosen his polls so judiciously, that although much honour was claimed anddeferved on both fides, he gained the north end of the island without sustaining any considerable loss. Being the re, from the nature of the ground, and the' situation of his posts, in a state of security, he passed his army over by the way of Bristol and Hoyland ferries, on the night of the 30th, without interruption, to the continent. Nor was his good fortune inferior to his conduit, as Sir Henry Clinton arrived just j after with such a force from New York, as would have left no doubt of I the fate of his forces if they had ltill continued on the island.

On the fame day that SullivAn abandoned Rhode island, Lord Howe entered the bay of Boston, where, to his great mortification, he found that D’Eftaing was arrived before him. This was, however, increased, when upon a close inspection he discovered that he was so eft'eltually covered in Nantalket road, by the batteries erelted, and the measures of defence taken by the Americans and French, on the adjacent points and i-Hands, that an attack upon him, with any profpelt of success, w*s utterly im« pralticable.

Thus,

1

July 1780. A dropsy cured. Account of the tumults. 351

Thus, with great honour to himself, and advantage to his country, did that ££reat naval commander bring the campaign with his powerful adversary to a coitclufion. With an inferiority of force, "which held out mere preservation as the iummit of hope, he, by a continued and rapid succession of the greatest possible exertions, masterly manoeuvres, and wife raeafurea, having ftrlt counteracted, and at leugth defeated all the views and attempts of his enemy, obliged him to fly for refuge to those new allies whom he came to protect, and insulted him under that protection, leaving him in a condition at parting, which rendered him incapable of any further service in those fcas for the remainder of the year.

An extraordinary cure of a Dropsy,

A Few years ago there was at Konigf-berg a poor woman, between fifty and sixty years of age, who was afflicted with the dropsy to the highest degree, and being totally unfit for any kind of work, was obliged to beg for her bread. In this condition (he for a considerable time daily attended the exchange, where ihe received a small pittance from the merchants; to whom (he was by this means well known, and consequently her surprising cure was conspicuous to all. Her distemper seemed daily to increase; and at lait, on her disappearing from her usual station upon the Exchange, no body doubted but ihe was dead. However, in a few weeks afterwards, some of her old benefactors were fnrprifed at seeing her busily employed fwceping the steps before a gentleman’s door, and seemingly in perfcCt health. On their enquiring of her by what means flic had got the better of such a dreadful disease, (he related, that, by the advice of another woman, (he had confined herself to a diet of broad beans (called in England Wind]or beans), boiled in water,

without lait, butter, or fat of any kind. The beans were her only food, and the water they were boiled in (which was only suficient to cover them) her only drink, for eighteen days; at the end of which time ihe began to make water in great quantity; which continued with (hurt intervals for several days; and l>y degrees (lie found herself perfectly well, without any weakness or other ill fyrnp-toms remaining. Gent,

Account of the tumults continued, [288.3*

Our lait ended with the proceedings of Saturday, June 3.—On ,

June 4. in the afternoon the mob met in Moorfields, and, as it were in an instant, collected a body of several thoulands* who, on the cry of *' No Papists! Root out Popery !” presently attacked the Po-pi(h chapel in Ropemaker’s alley, the in-fide of which they totally demolished, and brought the altar, images, pictures, feats, and every moveable, into the streets, where they committed them to the flames. About half after nine a party of the guards arrived; when the mob immediately began to disperse. Some few accidents happened on the approach of the military, but no person was this night killed by the soldiers.

At night the Lord Mayor received a second official letter, viz.

<« Mv Lord \^7a,nci'« 080,

My Loan, , Mp. M.

Information which I have just received, makes me think it my indispensable duty to recommend the contents of the letter which I had the honour to write to your Lordship yesterday [285.! to your most serious consideration. I cannot but hope and trust, from your Lordship’s known zeal and activity, that every effectual, legal method will be u-fed by you to preserve the public peace, by guarding it against those dangers to which it (lands exposed. — 1 am, with great respect, my Lord, your Lordship’s most o. bedient, humble servant, Stormokt<

RtHon. the Lord Mayor.”

The proceedings of the court of Aldermen, from the act to the 27th of June, relative to these tumults, were laid before the House of Commons: to render our narrative the more complete, we shall give extracts from these proceedings, in proper places, according lo their dates.

The Lord Mayor acquainted the court, June 6. That on Saturday, June 3. his Lordship was informed several people were assembled in Ropemaker’s alley in Little Moorfields, but not many in number: That on Sunday afternoon he received further information of a very great concourse of people being a fie in-bled in a riotous manner before the Roman-Catholic chapel in the said alley, and thereupon sent for the two marihals and marlhalincu; when Thomas Gates,

’3C2 An account of the tumults in London, &c. Vol.4i,

the upper marshal, appearing, he directed him to collect what number of constables he could procure, and immediately there, and endeavour to di-sperfe the mob: That in the evening his Lordship, attended by Mr Alderman Clark, Mt Alderman Peckham, and Mr Sheriff Pugh, went to Ropemaker’s alley, and staid there till three o’clock in the morning: That soon after his arriving the re, not being able to procure a fu fficient number of peace-officers to put a stop to the riot, and the burning of the furniture of the chapel, and other hou-fes, and those constables who were there not exerting themselves effectually towards suppressing the fame, his Lordship thought it his duty to send to the commander in the Tower, for the military to aid and assist; who sent at one time thirty men, at another time fifteen, and at last thirty men more; but finding that force inefficient, his, Lordship and the Aldermen endeavoured to perfuadethem to desist, and be quiet, which they accordingly did, and then quitted the place, leaving Mr Sheriff Pugh behind.— The Lord Mayor acquainted the court likewise of the two letters received from Lord Stormont; and that his Lord ship

had sent an answer to them.----- Upon

Mr Gates the upper marshal requiring the immediate attendance of all the mar-Ihalmcn in Ropemaker’s alley on Sunday, Joseph Bradley, one of them, answered, that he would not come to protect any such Popish rascals; and upon James Clark weaver’s desiring the said Bradley to do his duty as a constable, he answered, that he would not go to protect any Popish priest, for he had taken the oaths of allegiance, abjuration, andfupremacy, as a constable.

Encouraged by thelenity hitherto Ihewn them, the mob began on Monday, June 5. as might well have been expected, to grow more daring and desperate. Early in the day the? demolished the school-house and three dwelling-houses in Ropema-kcr’s alley belonging to the priests, with a valuable library. They now threatened the destruction of all who should of-pose them; and divided into different parties, and for different purposes. One party shewed itself before Lord George Gordon’s in Welbeck-street; another party went in triumph to Virginia lane, apping; a third directed their march to Nightingale lane, East Smithfield; and, while the first party gutted (as their term was) the house of Sir George

Savile, on pretence of his having brought in the obnoxious bill, and those of Mr Rainsforth of Stanhope street, and Mr Maberly of Little Queen street, for gi.

ving evidence against their accomplice* on Saturday, the other parties destroyed the Popish chapels in their respective routs, insulted the Catholics, plundered their houses, brought out and let fire to their furniture, and threatened extirpation to the whole sect.—The rioters apprehended on Saturday were re-examined, and three of the most notorious committed to Newgate; to which gaol they were escorted by a party of the guards; who, on their return, were pelted by the rioters; but such was the humanity of the commanding officer, that he restrained his men from firing upon them, as they appeared to him wholly unatnv.d.

A third official letter was received by the Lord Mayor, viz.

“ My Lord, Stjatrm

We learnt with pleasure, by your Lord Chips verbal anTwer returned to Lord Stormont’s letter of last night, that you were then using your belt endeavours to disperse the tumultuous affero* bly ill Moot fields, and to prevent every outrage. Those endeavours seem to have been in lbme degree fuceefsful for a time; but we have just received intelligence, which gives us equal concern and fur-prise, that there is actually a riotous meeting at the same place, and that a great number of fedilious persons are employed in demolishing different dwelling houses: and all this is done in broad day, according to our information, without the least interposition of the civil magistrates to preserve the public peace.

Under these considerations we think it our im’.ifpenfable duty again to call your Lordship’s attention to such very serious objects; and ive cannot but persuade ourlelvcs, that you will feel, that a con-slant, uninterrupted exertion of every peiiible legal endeavour to prevent or quell such outrages, and to preserve or restore the public order and tranquillity, and to seize and secure the principal delinquents, that they may be brought to justice, is an indispensable part of the duty of the high station in which your Lord (Lip is'placed.

We have the honour to be &c.

Stormont.

Hillsborough. The Rt Hon. the Lord Mayor of the City of London.”

This

July 1780. -An account of the tumults in London, &c. 35 3

This day the following royal proclamation was iliued, dated June 5. and was published on that or next day, viz. “ George R.

Whereas it hath been represented to us, that a great number of persons, in consequence of advertisements or hand-bills inciting them thereto, did, on Friday last, the sd of this instant June, assemble in a riotous and tumultuous manner in St George’s Fields, in the county of Surry, from whence they proceeded in several bodies to Palace-yard, Westminster, surrounded both Houses of Parliament, and possessed themselves of the avenues to the fame, (the said Houses of Parliament being then fitting), where they continued in a riotous and tumultuous manner, committing great outrages and violence against several of our subjecte, and feloniously taking money from them; after which, in the evening of the fame day, they insulted and attacked the houses of some of the public ministers of foreign princes and dates, redding at our court, and broke into, spoiled, and set fire to chapels, which in every civilized country are ailowed to such public ministers for the.free exercise of the religion of their country, to the great scandal and offence of all truly pious and good Protestants: We therefore, in order that the reproach of so frantic and atrocious an outrage against the precepts of religion, as well as the obligations of all laws, may not remain a dilgracc to our kingdom, but may be confined to the authors, abettors, and perpetrators of the said outrage, and that they may be brought to speedy and condign pu-nishment, and that such dangerous and wicked practices may hereafter be prevented, have thought fit, by and with the advice of our Privy Council, to publish and declare our resolution to put the laws in force against such offences: and we do hereby enjoin and require all ju* Rices of the peace, sheriffs, mayors, bailiffs, constables, and ail other our loving subjects, to be aiding and assisting to the utmost of their power in suppressing such illegal and tumultuous assemblies, and in detecting, apprehending, and bringing to justice the persons concerned in assembling or inffigating Mie fame, and guilty of any of the violences above mentioned: and for the better deletion of the persons who were concerned in the outrages committed at the heufes of the Voi.XLII.

said public ministers, we arc gracloufly pleased to promise, that if any perfoti shall discover any other per Am or persons who, directly or indirectly, were concerned in pulling down, or beginning to pull down, or in setting fire to the chapel of any public minister, so as that the person or persons discovered may be prosecuted for the fame, such discoverer shall have and receive, as a reward, upon convi<5tion of such offender or offenders, the sum of five hundred and

also our gracious pardon for the said offence, in <^fe Person making such discovery thall himself be liable to be prosecuted for the fame, except the person who first broke into, or began to pull down or set fire to the said chapels.”

And the following band-bill w as distributed this night or next morning.

M Protestant Association.

Whereas many riotous persons, on Friday lnft, after the petition of this Af-fociation was presented to the Hon. the House of Commons, did tumultuously impede the passage to both Houses of Parliament, and grossly intuited the persons of many of the members, and afterwards proceeded with violence to destroy the chapels belonging to foreign ambassadors, so sacred in all countiies. to the great breach of the peace, the disturbance of private persons and families* and to the disgrace of the belt of causes; Resolved unanimously, That all true Protestants be requested to shew their attachment to their best interest, by ale-gal and peaceable deportment, as all unconstitutional proceedings in so good a cause, can only tend to prevent the members of the legislature from paying due attention to the united prayers of the Protestant petition.

By order of the Committee,

London, June5. G. Gordon, Pres.”

During the four days of thelc tumults of which w'e have given an account, the Lords, Commons, Magistrates, and persons in power, of every denomination, in the great and populous cities of London and Westminster, ieemed to be pa-nic-struck. What followed, involved in it the safety of all that was dear and valuable to men, and threatened not only the lives and properties of Catholics, but of all ranks from the king to the loxveft mechanic. Government at length began to fed the alarm, but net time enough to prevent one of the most

3 54 An account of the tumults in London, Vol. 4X

horrible seenes of desolation that was c-ver exhibited in a peaceable country.

^ Approach we now to the awful period, when the sovereignty of the king, and the property of the subject, retted solely on laws unsupported, and roa-gistrates confeffcdly intimidated; when the very existence of the date, its trea-furea, its splendour, its civil and military strength, depended on the whim that an unbridled multitude should take in the direction of the mischief they were about to perpetrate, and the destruction and devattation they had already begun to carry into execution.

On Tuesday, June 6. the day appointed to take the Protestant petition into farther consideration [185.], the multitude assembled about the parliament-house was no less numerous than that which surrounded it on the preceding Friday. They did not, as before, regularly assemble in St George’s Fields, but came in small parties from different places. At first they seemed orderly, but apparently resolute. In the course of the afternoon more parties arrived, and they began, by degrees, tobecometumultuous.

In the House of Lords, this day, on reading a private bill, the Earl of Radnor took notice of the impropriety of proceeding to business when their doors were invested with a military force. There was no precedent on the Journals, of any act which had pnffed when their Lordfnips were surrounded with the military, and were seemingly prevented from exercising that freedom and independence, which gave dignity to their deliberations, and effect to their deci-fions. He did not think that an act passed under such circumstances would either have the weight or the nature of a law; and he hoped their Lordships would rather chuse to postpone any business that might Hand for that day, than have a precedent on their Journals, of business being transacted under the influence of an armed force.

Lord Ravensworth lamented that the House should (till be in a fit u at ion so truly mortifying. The avenues were blocked up by the fame multitude that had assaulted it on Friday lass, and their Lordships were Hill in personal hazard in coming to their feats. He said, it was absolutely necessary that their Lordships, in conjunction with the other House, should infiantly take the petition of the people under confederation, and quell

the riots and the distempers of the people at once.

Earl Bathurst said, that their Lordships had, on Saturday, done all that they thought proper and necessary on the occasion; and unless they should think proper to have a conference with the other House, be did not know what further they could do. There were fomc proportions to be made this day in the other house, and be did not doubt that their Lordships would readily wait I to fee if the Commons would wish to have their concurrence. 1

Earl Mansfield said,that in all their Lord- 1

ships deliberations they would wifely be- ! gin with considering the end; they should > look forward to the result of every mca-sure they thought proper to undertake.—

A conference with the other House in the present instance would not contribute to any salutary purpose. The other House were now in consideration of the matter, and this interference would only interrupt and delay their proceedings: they bad done all that they thought proper and necessary in the matter upon Saturday last, and his Majesty’s ministers had taken every precaution against the attack which was made against the freedom and independence of parliament.

The Earl of Denbigh said, that the avenues to the House were nowfo blocked up, that many Peers were prevented from coming to their feats: he had been flopped several times in coming down to attend his duty; and Lord Sandwich had been flopped, attacked, and put in the utmost hazard of his life. He could af-sure their Lordships, that so long as the present tumults continued, he should 1 think it dangerous to come down to the House; and nnlefs some measures, vi- I gorous and effectual, were immediately taken, he did not fee how they could proceed in their business: they might adjourn from day to day, but they would be unable to proceed, if the riots were permitted to continue.

The Earl of Hillsborough begged the Noble Lord to say what further could be done. — His Majesty’s ministers had , taken every possible precaution; they had employed their whole force; but they would thank the Noble Lord to fug-gest any other more effectual step. I

Earl Bathurst said, that every power which the constitution had veiled in his Majesty’s ministers, had been employed, and would continue to be so.

The

July 17S0. An account of the tfimults In London, See. 75$

The Earl of Abingdon begged the learned Lord to say what he meant by the cwflituiion. He declared, he did not think, by the conduit of ministers, that they knew what the constitution was. He said, the legislature could not quell the disturbance, unless they would present ao add refs to the King to dissolve the parliament.

After some conversion of this nature, without any question, in which a letter from Lord Sandwich to Earl Mansfield was read, informing him, that as he was endeavouring to come down to the House, he had been attacked, insulted, wounded, and put in danger of his life, the House adjourned to next day.

In the House of Commons, notwithstanding the multitude’s filling up the a-r venues to the House, above aoo members attended in their places.

Mr Buller made several observations, as well upon the alarming conduit of the populace, as the measures which had been taken by government to prevent the dangerous effects of the popular outra-

ges. After which he moved four resolutions; which were agreed to ntm. . viz.

M 1. That it is a gross breach of the privilege of this House, for any person to obstruct and insult the members of this House in the coming to and going from the House, and to endeavour to compel the members by force to declare themselves in favour of or against any propofi-tion then depending, or expected to be brought, before the House.

a. That the taking possession of the lobby and the avenues to this House on Friday last, by a large and tumultuous assembly of people, and maintaining the lame, to the great obstruction of the bu-finefs of this House, though frequently desired by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House and by several members to withdraw, was a high violation of the privileges of this House, tending to controul the freedom of debate, and was a gross and notorious insult on the dignity and constitution of parliament.

3. That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions to the Attorney-General, forthwith to prosecute all such persons as shall be found to have been the instigators or abettors of, or aAive in promoting, the riots and tpmults that were on Friday last in Old Palace Yard, and the avenues to this

House, and that were concerned in any of the outrages committed upon the houses and chapels of any of the ministers from foreign Hates, or in any outrages against the property and houses of any of his Majesty’s subjelts.

4. That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give immediate directions, that an inquiry be mad* into the amount of the damages occasioned by the outrages which have been committed upon the houses and chapels of any of the ministers from foreign states; and humbly to desire his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to order such satisfaction and recompence to be made for the fame as his Majesty in his wisdom shall think proper; and to afluve his Majesty, that this House will make good the expence that shall be incurred on that account.”

Mr Burke made a very animated speech upon the alarming and dangerous pro* ceedings of the populace. He was extremely severe against those who were capable of misleading the people to such violent outrages against the laws and constitution of their country, as well a9 against reason, justice, and humanity; and he dealt his censure with vehemence against government for that relaxed state of the police which could no longer protect even legislature itself from violence and insult at their very gates. In short, he felt so much for the debased dignity of parliament at that moment that he loft all temper, and bitterly lamented the fate of such times, when those who pretended to be the advocates of freedom, were establishing the most wretched slavery; and exhibited the unhappy prospect which was then at their gates, — bludgeoned mob, and an armed / He

lamented in the most melancholy terms, the dreadful necessity that^ obliged the military power, the notorious bane of liberty, to be called in, to defend not only the freedom, but the very existence of parliament!

Mr Fox also lamented the necessity of calling in the assistance of the military, which be attributed solely to the weak administration of public affairs. He reprobated in terms equally warm as those of Mr Burke, the promoters of the riots; — the violence of which would degrade us, he said, in the eyes of Europe; for the world would fee, that those men who were at the head of administration Y y % vrexe

I

L»

3 $6 An account of the tumults in London, See. Vol. 42^

were incapable of governing the affairs of

a state.

Sir George Saville spoke on the fame tide, blamed the rioters and ministers a-like; and remarked, that it was not a little singular in the present mobs, that they should equally direct their violence against the friends and enemies of liber-

ty-

Mr Dunning spoke nearly the fame sentiments as Mr Burke and Mr Fox, condemning the minidry, the military, and the mob. It was the general opinion of the House, that no act of that House could be legal which was agreed to whilst the House was beset with the i'oldiery and a mob.

Gen. Conway, upon the above ground, and to preserve the dignity of parliament, moved, “ That this House will, as soon as the tumults subside which are now fubliding, proceed immediately to the due consideration of the several petitions presented to this House from many of Jiis Majesty’s Protedant subjefls, and will take the fame into their serious deliberation.

Lord George Gordon said, that if the House would appoint a day to difeufs the business, and procnife to do it to the jjtjsfaction of the people, he made no doubt but they would quietly disperse. — Lord George, who the day before bad disavowed the riots, and published hand-bills recommending peace and good order, was this day observed by Col. Herbert to have come to the House with a blue cockade in his bat; which being taken notice of as an ensign of riot, his JLordship was prevailed upon to pull it out.

Sir Fletcher Norton lamented the loft dignity of parliament.

Many other members delivered their sentiments. Some were for an adjournment, till the House could proceed to business without being awed by any

})ower, either of the crown or the popu-ace. Others thought an adjournment at Inch a riffle would be more injurious to the dignity of the House than any other measure they could take. But what was to be done? Bludgeons terrified some, and bayonets alarmed others; but it was the general opinion of the House to adjourn.

On a motion of Sir William Meredith, jicommittee was appointed, m to inquiry into the causes of the riot in the lobby jr,cj ^venues leading tq ^his House on

Friday last, and the particular circumstances that attended the fame.*

Then the House adjourned to Thursday, the 8th.

During the fitting of the House an attack had been made on the residence of Lord North in Downing street; but a party of light horsemet with and repnlfed the assailants. On the riling of the House, Lord George repaired to the corner of Bridge street, informed the populace what had been done, and advised them to depart quietly. In return, they un-harnessed his horses* 2nd drew him in triumph, together with Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, who had applied to his Lordship for protetfion, to the house of Mr Alderman Bull. While a party of the rioters were thus employed, Justice Hyde, with a party of the guards, endeavoured to disperse the rest. At first they pressed hard upon the guards; but the guards, in their turn, soon advanced upon them, and rode furiously among them. They did not again attempt to face the military.

In the evening, about seven o’clock, the rioters resenting the activity of Ju* ftice Hyde, a detached party attacked his house in Lille street, stript it of the furniture, and burnt it before his door. A party of the guards arrived too late; the mischief was done, and the incendiaries fled. Newgate was now their next concern, and to relcafe their confined associates the objett they had then in view. Like regular assailants, they did not proceed to storm before they had offered terms: They called upon Mr A-kerman the keeper to release their comrades, as the only means to save his man-fion. This he peremptorily refused to do; but, dreading what would happen, he polled to the sheriffs to know their pleasure. In cases of emergency delays are dangerous: While the magistrates were deliberating, the gaol was set on fire, and on his return Mr Akerman found his house in flames. A party of constables, nearly to the number of 100, c.me to his assistance: these the rioters fuft'ered to pass till they were entirely encircled, and then they were attacked with great fury, their staves broken, and converted into brands, which were hurled about where*ever the fire appeared but faintly kindled. It is scarce to be credited with what celerity a gaol, which to a common observer appeared to be built with nothing that would

3ulyl7 * An account of the tumults in London, Src. 357

burn, was destroyed by the flames: nor is it Icfs astonishing, that from a prison thus in flames a miserable crew of felons in irons, and a company- of confined debtors, to the number, in the whole, of more than 300, could all be liberated, as it were by magic, amid ft flames and firebands, without the loss of a Angle life, some from the gloomy cells of dark-pefs in which the devoted victims to public justice were confined, and others from inner apartments, to which the ac-ccfs in tranquil times was both intricate and difficult. But what happened afterwards is not at all to be wondered at; that by a body of execrable villains thus let loose upon the public, the house of that worthy and active magistrate, Sir John Fielding, should be the first marked for vengeance. Accordingly, the i-rons with which they had been fettered could scarce have been unloosed before gfhe public office in Bow street, and Sir John Fielding’s dwelling-house adjoining, were gutted, as their phrase was, and the whole contents committed to the flames. But what must aftoniffi the world, and is more incredible than all the wonders that have been yet related of this wonderful business, is, that the noble house of Earl Mansfield should be forcibly entered about twelve o’clock at night; and, with all its elegant and costly furniture, its valuable paintings, and /till more valuable books and manu-feripts, set on fire, in the fight of a or 300 foldrers, who flood tame spectators of the conflagration, no one magistrate daring to command their service, although the Earl himself was in the house when first attacked, and Baron Hotham not far of T. Can any one, after attending a moment to this fadf, blame fubor-dinate magistrates for their timidity, or, if you will, for their humanity, when the first magistrate of England suffered his own property thus to be destroyed, rather than expose the lives of a vast multitude of his fellow-subjects, by far the greatest part innocent, to the nndif-tinguishing fury of an enraged military ? — [But, according to other accounts, some Ihot >vere fired, by which four men and one woman were killed, and seven or eight wounded.]

What followed might be expected from the same infernal crew that now commenced zealots. The prisoners in the New Prison of Clerkenwell were dif-jnifltd, and the number of incendiaries

thereby augmented. Regular notices w^re sent to the other prisons at what time the inhabitants might expe<5t enlargement. Those in the Fleet begged not to be turned out at so late an hour on Tuesday night, and the compassionate mob consented not to burn the prison till the night following. In the mean time, Lord Petre’6 house in Park lane; Justice Hyde’s house, at Islington; the houses of MeflT. Fofter, Neal, and Bevis, near Little Turnftyle; of MrMalo, near Moorfield3; Mr Doughty, Devonshire street; Mr Cox, Great Queen street; Mr Lyon, Bunhillrow; Mr Charlton’s Coleman street; a pawn-broker’s in Golden lane; wish the houses of several Catholics in obscure parts of the town, — were among the triumphs of the night; which were celebrated by a general illumination, by order of the governing' mob; who were now matters of the cities of London and Westminster, with the suburbs and country round.

It may be alked, How were the corporation of London, the citizens of Westminster, and the inhabitants of Wapping and the lower parts, employed while all this mifehiefwas doing to individuals?' The answer is, the Lord Mayor was employed in laying before the court of Aldermen his correspondence with the secretaries of state, relative to the quieting the disturbance, and preventing further mischief; and all the rest of the people just enumerated were either lookers-on or listeners.—About this time, however, parties of the military (foot and light horse) arrived in town, to the number, as it was said, of 7000 men. Yet the rioters continued their depredations.

From a house kept in the name of one Moore, in which is published a weekly virulent paper, intitled. The Scourge, was issued this day the following handbill.

“ ENGLAND in BLOOD.

On Thursday morning, the 8th instant, at nine o’clock, will be published, in one street and an half folio, price only 3d. by C. Thompson, N® 159. Fleet street,

The THUNDERER, Addressed to Lord George Gordon, and the glorious Protejhnt djjbciation; shew-ing the necsjfity of their persevering, and being united at one man, against the infernal designs of the ministry, to overturn tl}c religion and civil liberties of this

country,

35$ An account of the tumults in London, &c. Vo!. 42*

country, in order to introduce Popery and slavery.— In this paper will be given a full account of the bloody tyrannies, perfections, plots, and inhuman butcheries, exercised on the professors of the Protestant religion in England by the fee of Rome, together with the names of the martyrs, and their sufferings; highly neccfl'iry to be read at this important moment by every Englishmen, who loves his God and country.—To which will be added, some reasons why the few misguided people now in confinement for destroying the Romish chapels, should not fufier, and the

DREADFUL CONSEQUENCES OF AN ATTEMPT TO BRING THEM TO PUNISH M E N T.”—Mr Moore is since committed.

James Bradley being acquainted with what Mcfl'. Gates and Clark had this day said [352.], could not contradict them; but said, that having taken the oaths to the government, he did not think he should assist a Papist; but was very willing to be informed of his duty, and to execute the fame. But the Lord Mayor, by recommendation from the court, ac-

Jpainted him, that from that instant he ufpended him from the place of marshal-man. — The court recommended to the Lord Mayor to take the most effectual methods to prevent any riots or tumults within this city that his Lordship should think proper, and the court would defray all expences.

On Wednesday, June 7. blue cockades were become universal; blue flags were hung out at the doors or windows of al-moll every house in and about the metropolis; and there was hardly a house to be seen that had not written on different parts of it, the watch-word of the insurgents, No Popery.” Even the charity-houses for the old and helpless,. and the parish-workhouses were covered in a manner with fcrawls of chalk, of No Popery; God bless Lord George Gordon.” All those whose business would permit them to leave town, retreated with affright into the country; those who had families, and whose attention to their property kept them in town, sent off their children in whatever vehicles they could procure, not feru-pling any price. As for the sick, the a-ged, and the infirm, who could not be piovcd, or who had not the means to pay for removing themselves, they were under the fad necessity of abiding the e-

vent, having the dreadful prospect before them, of being torn in pieces by the rebellious malecontents, or of expiring amidst the flames of their burning bouies.

Desperate bodies of men patrolled the streets, many of them aping a military regularity, marching in files, armed with a variety of weapons, the most conspicuous and numerous of which were the pointed iron palisadoes torn from the buildings they had destroyed. They raised contributions from all passengers, whether on foot or in carriages, and regularly went up one fide of the streets and down the other, knocking at the doors of the houses and demanding money. Some asked only for shillings, others would have crowns, and many would take nothing but gold. Many house9 were forced to pay three timet over to different parties.

Early in the morning the insurgents sent notice to the King's-bench and Fleet prisons, that they intended to burn both places, and desiring the prisoners to remove their goods. The keepers of these prisons set open the doors, thereby giving the prisoners an opportunity of removing their effects; which they did with great assiduity.

The prisons were all to be destroyed, that there might be no place to confine the insurgents, should any of them be seized; the water-pipes were to be cut off; the Museum, the Tower, the grand arsenal at Woolwich, and the Royal Exchange, were also to be destroyed; and above all, the Pay-offices, the Bank, and the Royal Palaces, were to be stormed and plundered; and to render complete the ruin of individuals and the public, the Temple, Lincoln’s and Gray ’s Inn, as well as all other public buildings, were devoted to dcftrultion.

At a court of common council held this day it was unanimously resolved, That the Sheriffs of London be desired to raise the pofle comitatis immediately, and to pursue, with the Lord Mayor and other magistrates of this city, tbc most effectual legal means for restoring the public peace: That the thanks of the court be given to the Military Affocia-tion, for the offer of their services to restore the peace of this city, and that it be recommended to the sheriffs of this city to accept their offer: That the Sheriffs of London be requested to take tb$ military force under their command, and endeavour particularly to protect

July 1780. An account of the tumults in London, 359

%he Mansion-house, Guildhall, Bank of 'England, or any other place that is in changer: That the thanks of this court be £fon to the officers of the Militia of the city of London, for the voluntary offer of their services, and that they be re-quelled to put themselves under the direction of the Sheriffs of London. — A petition to parliament, praying for a repeal of the act in favour of Roman- Catholics, was resolved on.

The House of Lords met this day, but did little business; and adjourned to the ^Monday following.

The committee appointed by the Commons to inquire into the cause and motives of the present riots, fat for the first time.

The guards encamped this day in St James’s park, with twenty pieces of cannon, and there was likewise an encampment of military and militia in Hyde park: the yeomen of the guards, marshalmen, and all his Majesty’s dome* ftics at St James’s, and at the Queen’s palace, were ordered to be on duty all night, and were furnished with arms to repel any violence; and every necessary precaution was taken at the Tower, to repel a threatened attack on that grand arsenal of arms and stores.

About four after noon 500 soldiers were Rationed in the Royal Exchange, and a strong party in the court of the Bank; all the afternoon troops were taking post in the streets adjoining to and leading to the Bank and Lombard street, to protect the private bankers; the London military aflbeiation occupied [Broad street, where in the course of the night they did capital service.

The Lord Mayor and SherifTs kept patrolling the streets, and when they met bodies of the insurgents they talked and reasoned with them. The officers of the fix militia regiments furomoned every housekeeper in the city, either to fend a roan, or come under arms themselves at beat of drum; but the Lord Mayor and Sheriffs taking it into confederation, countermanded the order.

Regiments of horse and foot kept marching into town. As fast as they arrived they were ordered to the most important ports. Besides the places already mentioned, military were posted at the Excise and Post offices, and at Wood-street and the Poultry cori^>ter9. Strong guards were sent to the New-river head.

the Inns of Court, and the Mansion-house. Most of the members of both Houses of Parliament who had houses in town, applied for guards.

In the afternoon the privy council, finding that the magistrates and the civil authority had betn overpowered for many days, and that the magift rates would not authorise the military to endeavour to quell the insurrection, issued the following proclamation.

“ George R.

Whereas a great number of disorderly persons have affirm bled themselves together in a riotous and tumultuous manner, and have been guilty of many acts of treason and rebellion, having made an assault on the gaol of Newgate, set loose the prisoners confined therein, and set fire to and destroyed the said prison; and whereas houses are now pulling down in several parts of our cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof, and fires kindled for consuming the materials and furniture of the fame, whereby it is become absolutely necessary to use the most effectual means to quiet such disturbances, to preserve the lives and properties of individuals, and to restore the peace of the country: We therefore, taking the fame into our most serious consideration, have thought fit, by and with the advice of our privy council, to issue this our royal proclamation, hereby strictly charging and exhorting all our loving subjects to preserve the peace, and to keep themselves, their servants, and apprentices, quietly within their respective dwellings, to the end that all well-disposed persons may avoid those mischiefs which the continuance of such riotous proceedings may bring upon the gulity: And as it is necessary, from the circumstances before mentioned, to employ the military force, with which we are by law entrusted, for the immediate suppression of such rebellious and traitorous attempts, now making against the peace and dignity of our crown, and the safety of the live9 and properties of our subjetfs, we have therefore iflueci the most direct and effectual orders to all our officers, by an immediate exertion of their utmost force, to repress the fame; of which all persons are to take notice.”—Dated June 7.

Conformably to this proclamation the following orders were issued.

«f Adjutant-

360 An account of the tumults in London, &c. Vol. 4/;

“ Adjutant-General’s office, June 7. ORDERS.

In obedience to an order of the King in Council, the military to act without waiting for directions from the civil magistrates, and to use force for difperling the illegal and tumultuous assemblies of the people.

W. Amherst, Adjutant-General.’*

This proclamation and these orders gave rife to a false report that martial law was declared.

About fix in the evening great bodies of the insurgents assembled in different quarters of the town. One strong party went over Blackfriars bridge, firit Hopping some time at Bridewell hospital. On their arrival at the King’s-btfnch prison they were joined by the Borough rioters, and immediately set fire to the prison, now cleared of its inhabitants; the marshal of the prifoiV Thomas, having previously set the prisoners at liberty, and given them time to carry off their furniture, or what little necessaries they had. This very extensive prison, Which had been but a short time before greatly enlarged and rebuilt, was instan-taneoufly in flames, from the fire balls and chymical preparations thrown in by the insurgents, and with which they were well provided. This prison kept burning furiously all night. They also burnt the large elegant house near the prison, belonging to Mr Thomas the marshal. The new Bridewell in St George’s fields was also burnt at the same time.

Another formidable body broke into the Fleet prison, now also clear of prisoners, and set it on fire: it continued burning with great violence all night. This prison was also quite new, having been but lately totally rebuilt.

A third ftrorg body of the insurgents went again to the unfortunate Mr Lang-dale’s at Holborn bridge, where the night before, and all this day and pait of the evening, they had spirits brought out to them in as great plenty as they chose to drink or to call for. About seven o’clock in the evening the y forced their way into the still-house, rolled out the calks of spirit9, of which numbers of them drank immoderately. Whilst this was going on, others were plundering and gutting the inside of the house: they threw or brought out every thing that would bum, and all the empty casks from the still-house, piled them up of-

polite to St Andrew’s church, and mad* an immense bonfire. About nine at night the back part of the still-house was set on fire, the spirits that remained soon blazed up with incredible fury, (hooting upwards, as they catched, in columns of fire. The flames soon reached the back parts of the houses in Field lane, where several were burnt down. About ten o’clock they reached the front of Mr Langdale’s dwelling-house, which, with two houses on one fide, and one on the other fide, were entirely con fumed.

About half part nine o’clock, the time this house was set on fire, a large body of insurgents, preceded by a man with a flag, went up Holborn hill to a ne<r house just above Fetter lane, also belonging to Mr Langdale, or rather to his son, which had a large distil-house behind it. Into this house they instantly' burst, demolished the windows, threw all the furniture and utensils out into the street, where they were burnt; and many calks of spirits were rolled out, emptied in the street, and the casks thrown on the bonfire. At hats past ten the house was set on fire: the flames communicated to Bernard’s inn, part of which was burnt. About eleven, that is half an hour after the house was set on fire, a party of the Northumberland militia came into Holborn: they had marched that day near forty miles, and the moment they arrived at their place of rendezvous, which was Lincoln VInn fields, they were fentinto Holborn. As soon as they appeared before the bonfire in front of Mr Langdale’s house, the insurgents attacked them. The party then discharged their pieces; but, as they were only loaded with powder, no harm was done. This experiment was tried to intimidate the ruffians; for drift orders had been given, to use every lenient measure before coming to extremity. But it had no effect. The insurgents continuing their attack, and one of the officers being very much hurt, it was found absolutely necessary to fire with ball. Yet this firing was very prudently conducted: for the soldiers were not permitted to fire along the street; their officer drew them up on the north fide of Holborn, fronting the bonfire and the house on fire, so that no ptrfon could be hurt but those who were rioting round the fire, buying the furniture and calks, and those who were ft ill in the house plundering it. By this second firing two

or

July 1780. An account of the tumults in London, &c. 36c

or three were killed. This judicious conduit of the officer deserves great praise, for the streets were much crowded with people moving their most valuable goods, as they could not know where the fire would stop. No innocent perfoo could suffer by this firing, for it went directly across the bonfire into the fcoufc on fire. This second volley had the proper effclt, and drove off the in-furgents from the front of the house. But many rioters and plunderers were still within, the fire not yet having reached the front of the house. When any of these appeared at the doors or windows, the soldiers on the flank of the party ran up in an Igxlian file, that is each man singly following the track of the first, to the door or windows, and gave their fire, each man filing off as he fired. This continued till two o’clock. Both in this upper house of Mr Langdale’s, and in the lower house at Holborn bridge, numbers of the mif-creants got so intoxicated, that they fell Upon the spot, and were cither burnt, suffocated, or (mothered by the falling in of the roofs; for many bodies partly burnt, and others wirhout any marks of bu ruing, have been dug out of the ruins. Many also died of the excessive draughts which they took of the unreltified spirit9. Within a few hours after the calks bad been turned out, numbers on both fides of the streets were seen lying on the ground dead drunk. Such vast numbers of calks of spirits were rolled o\it of the upper still-house, and (laved, that the kennel ran with spirits; which being taken for water, was dammed up, and served to the engines playing on the houses adjoining to the lower house at Holborn bridge; for when the flames threatened that whole neighbourhood, two engines were permitted to play.

-AH over the town the inhabitants were obliged to illuminate, as on Tuesday night, and contributions were levied at the houses all the day and night; many people paying four, five, and fix times to different parties.

But the grand objelt of the iofurgents was the Bank. Between nine and ten seems to have been the appointed hour of mischief, as all the different conflagrations were then begun. About a quarter pad nine the attack on the Bank began. The fires just lighted in so many different quarters, feehave been designed to draw away part of the detachments from around the Bank. Luckily they had not the effect, All the a-Vol.XLIL

venues to the Bank were well guarded: A strong party at the Poultry barred the passage that way; another occupied Bartholomew lane on the other fide; a third and stronger party possessed the Royal Exchange in front of the Bank; a fourth were Itationed within the Bank court; the rear of the Bank they could not get at without fiift demolilliing a street of houses: no way was open for them but Threadneedle street, and on coming out there they were exposed to the posts at the Exchange, Bartholomew lane, and at the Bank. The first attack of the in* furgents began at the Poultry, to force the main passage: the objeH was too important to trifle with them; about a dozen solid platoons beat them back. At the same time another choice body of the insurgents, joined by the most de-sperateof the Borough rioters, made the grand attack on the Bank itself by Threadneedle street. To excite the felons the more warmly, a horse loaded with the chains of Newgate preceded instead of colours. Here they made a desperate attack, and drove back the horse with their cutlasses: but they were received by the foot in the same manner as at the Poultry; about a dozen solid platoons difeomfited them.

At the Fleet prison the rioters continued till three in the morning; when the military, after shewing most aftonifliing patience and forbearance, fired on them; by which three were killed.

In Broad street the insurgents demolished two houses: they were o'pposed by the gentlemen of the London Military Association, who at last were forced to fire, and killed nine; but the number of wounded is not known. The insurgents were completely defeated here likewise.

The Toll-houses on Blackfriars bridge were also burnt. The insurgents here got a very considerable booty in halfpence. Between one and two in the morning, a party of light horse came, and disturbed them in the midst of their plundering. One or two were killed, and several wounded, some of whom have fincedied in the hospital.

The inhabitants in the villages round London were up the greatest part of this night; they thought the whole city was on fire, so many places were in flames at the same time. The wind being north-east, those to leeward could, at a great distance, distinltly hear the voices of the ringleaders, give the vord when to huzza. In all about thirty-two platoons rL werf

362 Trials of the Rioters^ Vol. 42*

were heard, with innumerable dropping and scattered {hot at intervals. The tremendous roaring and raging noise of the insurgents abated confulerably after the firings; their leaders with great difficulty could get them to huzza; their voices were clearly heard spiriting up the wretches they headed; and when they did huzza, it was in a very faint broken manner. In fatt, before day-light on Thursday morning, people who had attended to the progress of these infur-rections, declared, that they were in a great respect already suppressed.

During this night there were great commotions at the New Gaol, Marshalsea, Borough Clink, and in Kent street, where the watch-houses were destroyed. The insurgents who remained at the >.ing’s-bench, got fa intoxicated in the night, that they quarrelled among them-ielves, and attacked each other with brickbats, by which several of them were maimed.

Nothing could make a more dreadful appearance than the city of London and its environs on this night. The huge bodies of fire issuing from the different conflagrations of the Fleet prison, King's-bench, the Toll-houses on Blackfriars bridge, together with Mr Langdale the distiller’s two houses and warehouses on Kolborn bridge, and the top of the hill, and other fmiiler fires, and the illuminations all attending into the air, and consolidating together, formed an at-mosphere of flames, impressing the mind of the fpcvff.itor with an idea, as if not only the whole metropolis was burning, but all nations yielding to the final con-summation of things.

Had the Bank, Doctors Commons, and the public offices, been the first objects of the fury of the insurgents, instead of Newgate, the Fleet, and the KingVbench prisons, let any rational mind (igure to itself the confusion that thuft have ensued, the ruin that would bave been spread, the distresses in which prpbans, widows, natives, and foreigners, persons of all ranks and conditions, in whatever station, in whatever employment, would have been involved, by the annihilation of so many hundreds of millions of property, and the total abolition of all public credit ! Who can but for a moment think on the danger, without looking up to Heaven in grateful acknowledgement to the Supreme Being for ip signal a national deliverance

[To bt

Trials if the Rioters at the Old ,

E Recorder gave his charge to the grand jury in the court of feflionat Guildhall, which was greatly crowded, on 1

Monday, June 26.----- He said, he should

not think he had acquitted himself in the 1 discharge of his duty, if he did not endeavour to throw out some hints whereby the gentlemen might understand the nature of the extraordinary business that would come before them. He then entered into a diferimination of the offences recently committed, and gave a description of the crimes. The grand jury (he said) should distinguish between misdemeanors and felonies. Those who directed their attention to any particular chapel, were guilty of misdemeanor or felony, according to the part they acted; and those who combined for a general destruction, were guilty of high treason against the state. The learned Serjeant reprobated the proceedings of the lawless rabble in terms of great indignation:

He compared them to the havock which a conqueror makes in an enemy’s country; and said, the devastations lately made were aftonifliing, and terrible in their effects. After touching on the late dreadful seenes with some energy, he desired the jury would blot them from their memories when they came upon their duty, and decide without the final, left prejudice: they were to receive and consider evidence with caution, and particularly to remember the confusion of ! the times, which was such as would render it highly incumbent upon the witnesses to be very circumspect in their testimony. On the one hand, the grand . jury were to be the guardians of the li- berty of the subject, and to prevent im- j proper motives having an influence to 0- 1

verturn the principles of fair and impartial justice taking place towards every man charged as a public offender. It was their province also to bring criminals of fa Angular a degree to the bar of Justice, that they may be dealt with according to their deserts. They were to act with firmness and impartiality, re-girdlefs of threats, and without favour or all’edtion. Having said much more on the subject, the Recorder concluded, with thanking them for coming forward ' with alacrity at this particular period, i to perform a ^ry disagreeable and trou- ] blefomc office, not altogether free from the njo{\ serious danger.

' ' TK

Jul7*?8d.'

Trials oF the RIofer$.

3^3

The judges wfcre, the Lord Chief Ba- in their careful attention to every cir* ton Skynner, and the Judges Alhurst cumftance that might tend to vindicate and Nares. —The trials began on the the innocence of the unhappy prisoners; a8th of June, and were continued on that if any circumstances remained in fa-Juoe 39. & 30. and July 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. your of any of them, they should be 8. 10. & 11. when the sessions ended. — faithfully represented by him to his Ma-A party of light horse kept continually jelly, whose mercy alone could mitigate patrolling the neighbourhood of the fef- their Sentence: That they ought to con-fions-house, to prevent any tumultuous fider how their crimes had endangered assembling. the peace, the property, and even the

As among the whole number of rioters lives, of many of the inhabitants of this tried there was not one person of any city; and rendered it more like a town note, it would be wafting room to be delivered into the hands of an enemy to minute; we shall therefore give only the befacked and pillaged, than one that renumbers tried, and the names of those mained under the authority of a well-or-condemned; mentioning only a few par- dered government: That the safety of ticulars. the city, that every motive of justice to-

In the trial of Henry John Mafkall, wards the honest part of the community, apothecary, for being accefibry in the required that some examples should be demolition of the Earl of Mansfield’s made for the preservation of their peace fcoufe, (of which charge he was by the in future: That for his own part, he jury found not guilty), Sir Thomas never felt himfdf so unhappy in the dif-Mills deposed. That about a quarter af- charge of his office, as in being obliged ter twelve on Tuet'day night, or rather to pass sentence on so many wretched Wednesday morning, he was in Lord persons, who had brought themselves Mansfield’s house. He then first heard into their present situation, either by the mob coming. They began with their own wickedness or infatuation: breaking the windows of the dining par- That his pain, however, w as greatly al-lour. The ladies came down Hairs, and leviated by what had been the conduct he conducted Lady Mansfield to Lin- of the jurymen, who had all along been coln’s-inn fields. Returned, and found so attentive to every favourable circum-a party of the guards opposite his Lord- stance for the prisoners, and who lb hu-fljip’s house. He begged the officer to manely tempered the decisions of justice enter the House with his men. The of- with the feelings of mercy: That it now ficer laid, the justices of the peace had only remained for him to pronounce the all run away, and he would not ad sentence; which, though awful and fe* without the civil magistrate. Sir Tho- vere, was yet necefl’ary and just, viz* mas had warm words with the officer, “ That they should be taken to the place but the officer would not ad. from whence they came, and from thence

The following sixteen prisoners who to the place of execution, and there be had been capitally convicted, were brought hung by the neck till they were dead; to the bar, July 5. to receive sentence, and may God be merciful to their lbuls.” viz. William Brown, Richard Roberts, Judge Alhurt informed the jury, Ju-William Pateman, William Lawrence, ly 8. that the Twelve Judges had deter-Thomas Taplin, William Macdonald, mined, “ That the evidence of informers George Barton, James Henry, Edward was admissible on- trials for life and Dennis the executioner, Enoch Fleming, death.”

John Morris, Mary Roberts, Charlotte The following nineteen prisoners, who Gardner, William Fofler, John Gray, had been capitally convicted, were and George Kennedy. brought to the bar to receive sentence,

The Recorder, previous to his passing viz. George Staples, John Glover and judgement, addressed them in a speech Benjamin Bowfey Negroes, Thomas which did honour to that humanity Haylock, Francis Mockworth, Janies which has been so conspicuous in his Jackson, Theophilus Browne, Jonathan whole conduit towards the unfortunate Stacey, John Gambel, James Buckley, rioters. — He described the heinous na- Benjamin Waters, Samuel Solomon, Jo-ture of their offence; and told them, fyph Marks, Charles Kent, Letitia Hol-That they flood convicted? on the fulleft land, William Avery, John Burges, evidence, by a jury who had lliewn Thomas Price, and James Bird, thcmlelve* moll favourable ai;d merciful, Tte Bdccrda add idled thric unhappy

Z Z } pci for. J

364 Trials of the Rioters. Vol. 42-

persons in a very sensible and pathetic speech. He informed them, that if there were any favourable circumstances in their cases, they must now represent them to his Majesty, who alone could extend mercy. He expatiated on the enormity of their offences, and their dreadful tendency to society. He said, that his own feelings in discharge of the most painful part of his duty, and the regret which every man must feel at fee. ing such a number of unhappy persons sentenced to the just punishment of their offences, were considerably abated by the extreme tenderness and care which the juries, and every other person concerned in the adeninistration of justice on the melancholy occasion, had exercised. He exorted them, that the sense of the enormity of their offences might be im pic fled on their minds and consciences; that they might employ the short time allowed them to live, in preparing themselves for that mercy at a higher and more important tribunal, which the laws of civil society could not extend to them. He then proceeded to pass sentence of death.

The number tried was 85; of whom 35 were capitally convicted, 7 convicted of tingle felony, and 43 acquitted.

Fifty of the rioters were tried by a special commission, to continue till the a9th of July, at St Margaret’s Hill, Southwark, before the Lord Chief Ju-if ice Loughborough, Mr Justice Gould, Mr Baron Eyre, and Mr Justice Buller. We have inserted the Lord Chief Justice’8 charge to the grand jury entire [337], as taken in short hand.—'The trials began on Tuesday July 11. and were continued every day till Tuesday, July 18. inclusive, Sunday excepted.

On the first trial, Mr Wallace, the Attorney-General, stated the general law to the grand jury, That though the prisoners fhotild not be found to have taken an active part with their hands, yet if they were proved to have encouraged the mob to acts of outrage by their presence, they would in the construdion of law be equally guilty.

William Hayter was tried for pulling down the houie of Mr French, of East lane, June 7. It was proved, that in Mi French’s house he had examined the people respecting their religion, and talk-ed much about the feriptures and St Paul, and against Popery; and also declared, that be would be glad to fee all

estates fp levelled, that no man in the kingdom should be possessed of more than a thousand a-year. He was fbusd guilty, but recommended to mercy the jury. Baron Eyre said, he wookl very willingly concur with the jury in a -ny proper meafore; but he referred it to their own prudence to con6der, bow far it would be proper to recommend to mercy a man who had broached a doctrine, so dangerous to the state, and to society, as that of levelling fortunes, which could not be done without robbery to the present proprietors of estates worth more than a thousand a-year. The jury acquiesced in this remonstrance. Hayter, though he was so fuR of religious conversation, got so intoxicated with the liquor in Mr French’s cellars, that he fell on the spot. Early-next morning he was found dead drunk by Mr French’s servants.

Before Lord Loughborough summed up the evidence against John Bartoo, who was tried, July 14. for pulling down the house of Edward Dodd in Lombard street, he said, he had been considering with his brothers on the bench, whether the prisoner might be benefited by any doubt of law upon the construdion of the statute; as it had not been proved, that there were so many as twelve persons concerned in destroying the house: one had sworn be believed there were about twelve in number; another, that there were about half a score: and if the numbers could make any thing in favour of the prisoner in point of law, every allowance would be made for him. They were however all of opinion, that no doubt could arise upon the construe-tion of the act of parliament. Any number were sufficient in point of law to constitutu a riot f it is not necessary that there should be so many as twelve in number.

On Saturday July 15. twenty prisoners, who had then been convicted, were put to the bar, to receive sentence, viz. Joseph and Robert Lovell, father and son, gypsies, William Hayter, Charles King, Thomas Murray (a youth scarce sixteen, but who had been in Bridewell, who was in the county-jail on two in-didments for highway.robberies on the 7th of June, and was then let out by the rioters, and was tried for pulling down, with Others, the house of Paul Primary, in the borough), Edward Dorman, Henry Wad ham, Mary Cook, Su-

lannah

July 1780, Trials of the Rioters; 3

iannah Howard, Samuel Lyman, John Wyde, William Inbeft, Samuel Jordan, George Fletcher, James Palmer, Benjamin Rowland, Oliver Johnson, Eliz. Collins, Theodore Atkinson, and John Barton. — Lord Loughborough addressed them as follows. “ You have each of you been indicted for several offences, in unlawfully demolishing and pulling down the dwelling-houses of federal different persons; and for your trials you have put yourselves upon God and your country. You have had a full trial by a jury of your country; that jury has convicted you upon the clearest and fulleft evidence: you have all of you had the benefit of a trial by a jury, who have not only been attentive, instruded, and enlightened, but full Of humanity and companion; who have omitted no circumstance that could induce them to entertain the least favourable opinion in the case of any of the prisoners that have come before them; you stand therefore now objects of the justice and of the fe-verity of the law; your lives are forfeited to the law, for very dangerous offences committed against the property of your neighbours, and the peace of the country. The end of all punishment is example: the danger and enormity of the offences that have lately been committed will require a severe example, to deter such of your associates as have not been detected, and all others, from committing such dangerous excesses. Among the number of those unhappy ob-jeds who are now before me, it is possible there may be found some persons less guilty, towards whom his Majesty may be induced to shew that mercy which is ever near to his royal breast; but as all of you have forfeited your lives to the justice of your country, let me intreat you, that none of you will flatter himself, that it will be his or her lot to be saved: the necessity of public joftice requires a severe and a strong example. If there arc any whose cases are more favourable than others, (and I am very sorry to say there are very few cases marked with any circumstances of favour), those instances will be, which is the only satisfaction you can now feel, as fairly represented as they will bear. The tenderness of the jury has induced them, among the number that now stand to receive sentence, to recommend three [Hayter. Palmer, and Barton 1 particular objects to mercy; I shall think it my

duty, upon every occasion, to represent how excellent the conduct and behaviour of that jury who made that recommendation has been; at the same time I shall think it my duty, painful as it is> where, in my opinion, circumstances occurred that ought to turn back the tide of mercy, to state those circumstances, though they make against the recommendation: let not, therefore, those persons who have had the benefit of a recommendation to mercy from the jury, flatter themselves that their case is certain to be saved: 1 am much afraid that certainly all of, them cannot be saved; and therefore each of them should suppose that their case may be to be among the sufferers, in order that they, together with all the others, may have all that time which now remains for consideration in rtheir unhappy situation. There is time for you all to turn your minds to the fountain of mercy, where mercy andjustice can be reconciled by ways inscrutable to our understandings. You will have the benefit of the assistance of a worthy and pious clergyman, to direct your thoughts to a proper preparation for ;that more awful tribunal before which you are shortly to appear: I trust that you will make good use of the time that will remain. 1 trust the approach of that day which the commandments of God has directed to be kept holy, will dispose your minds and hearts to a better frame; and that you will avail yourselves of the time the indulgence of the law allows, between the sentence and the execution, to prepare yourselves for mercy, if mercy should be the fate of any; if not, to receive that awful dissolution of life by the bands of public justice, with a due reverence to the laws of your country, and with a proper temper of mind becoming Christians. — Nothing now remains to me, but the painful part of pronouncing the sentence of the law. The sentence of the law is, and the court awards it. That you, and every one of you, be taken from hence to the place from whence you came, and from thence to a place of execution, and that you be there hanged by the neck until you are dead; and may the Lord have mercy upon all your

fouls !”----- The prisoners all fell upon

their knees, and cried, Amen.

William Saunders, a lad about sixteen, was tried for beginning to pull down a house. One witness fvvorc, that Saunders

366 Trials of the Riotefs. Sir Fr. Drake VOL4I.

ders broke a pane of glass in the house with a (tick; that he (the witness) immediately said to him, Begone, you little rafeal! what business have you here f upon which Saunders went away, and returned no more. — Lord Loughborough said to Mr Howartb, counsel for the crown, that the boy’s case was but just within the law, and he wished Mr Howarth to relieve him and the jury. Mr Howarth consented to drop the prosecution; and the jury brought in a ver-di<5t, Not guilty.

James Ewer, who had given evidence against one of the prisoners on the 15th, informed the court, that he had been threatened by the lieutenant of the prels-gang to which the prisoner belonged, to impress him. The court immediately dispatched a messenger after the lieutenant. When he arrived, Lord Loughborough made some very pointed observations on the impropriety of any person’s endeavouring to intimidate witnesses from giving evidence, or insulting them for having given it; and informed this young gentleman, who did not seem to know the consequence of impeding the administration of justice, or to be sensible of the lenity of the cqurt, that Ewer mult be expressly under his protection, and that he mult give it in orders to all his men, to protect him, as he would answer for any insult or injury offered him at his peril.

On Tuesday, July 18. four more prisoners were brought to the bar, and had sentence of death passed on them by Lord Loughborough, thus.—“ Henry Penny, John Bridport, Richard Miller, Joseph Haynes, You have each of you been indicted for the several offences of pulling down dwelling-houses; for your trial you have put yourselves upon God and your country; and you have been convicted of these offences by a verdict of your country. I trult it will be unne-cefiary for me to enlarge to any of you upon the nature of the offences that you have committed. The fellowship you mull have had with the unfortunate men, upon whom it has lately been my misfortune to have passed a similar sentence, mud, 1 hope and trust, have awaked in your minds a just sense of your offences, and produced in you sentiments befitting the situation in which you stand. The only part of the duty imposed upon me that I can ever discharge without pain, will be, to represent, at the foot of the throne, those circumstances that may

draw forth his Majesty’s clemency to such of you as shall seem to deserve it.

— Two of the unhappy men whom I now address, have severally upon their trials met with a favourable representa- \ tion from the jury; but it is my duty not to awaken a false hope, nor suffer it to rife in the mind of any one of you who heard that recommendation, and was tried upon a second charge, upon , which the lentiments of the jury did not , support their first wish for mercy. It is j uncertain what effect any representation j that may be made of your cases can have i to obtain mercy upon earth; it is, I am afraid, but too certain, that, in compas-lion to all his Majesty’s subjects, mercy cannot reach all of you; it is therefore the duty, and it will be the interclt, of each of you, to suppose that he is amongst the number of persons who can find no mercy here; and it will then only remain that you all apply yourselves, with fervency and devotion, to obtain mercy of that awful power, who par-doneth and absolveth all them that truly repent, and unfeignedly confess their faults.”—The sentence was then pronounced in the usual form.

The Lord Chief Justice then dismissed j the grand and petit jurors, with polite acknowledgements for their attendance and attention.

At St Margaret's hill, the number tried was 50; of whom were capitally convicted, and 26 were acquitted.

In all tried, at the Did Bailey and St Margaret*s-hill, 135; of whom 59 were convicted.

Sir Francis Drake: naval anecdote.

'THE late Sir Francis Drake having fell in with a French 60 gun ship off Cape Saint Vincent’s, which he, though in a frigate of only a8 guns, engaged, i and by a variety of devices, and plying the Frenchmen close with all his guns, at taft forced to strike her colours, anil brought her safe into Portsmouth, was surprised on his arrival, at an order for him not to go on fiiore till he had received the royal pardon for risking his ship’s crew; which accordingly came down to him a few days after. “ Well,

(fays the Captain), if it be a crime for a little Englishi ship to take a large Frenchman, I must quit the service, and get promoted; for i plainly fee I shall be often making an attempt to be guilty of 1 such crimes.”

PAR-

L.

July 1780. Parliament: Commons on Popery. 367

PARLIAMENT. [318.3

On the ad of June a petition of his Majesty’s loyal Protestant subjects of the cities of London and Westminster, borough of Southwark, and their environs, was presented to the Commons [283], nnd read; setting forth, That the petitioners, fcnljble of the many blessings which, asProtestantsand Britons, they enjoy, cannot but be alarmed at an act, passed in the 18th year of the reign of his present Majesty, repealing certain penalties and disabilities imposed on the Papists by a ftalute enacted in the nth and nth years of William III. for further presenting the growth of Popery; and it is with the deepest concern that they petition this Honourable House against a law which has already received the royal assent; but, as this act was so suddenly introduced, and so hastily passed, before the sense of the nation at large could be obtained, or any opposition formed against it, they arc encouraged to hope that this application will not prove too late for redress; and that, notwithstanding the late aft might be intended to repeal only detached parts of a single statute, the petitioners conceive that it is an absolute repeal of the most efiential clauses in that statute, and will operate virtually to render those acts against the Papists that are yet unrepealed of none effect; and that the petitioners apprehend, that the Papists construe the late indulgence of parliament to be a toleration of Popery, as appears by the mass-houses and schools which they are opening throughout the kingdom, and by their printing Popish books, and publicly exposing them to sale; and that Po-pish bishops, priests, Jesuits, andschool-masters, now openly exercise their functions; whereby the people, especially the riling generation, arc in danger of being led into fupsrftition, idolatry, and rebellion; and that Papists can now purchase what lands, tenements, or hereditaments, they please, and inherit the fame; that they will thereby influence oureleftions in future parliaments, and that this must tend to the destruction of our happy constitution; and that as Papists can now by legal authority confess the ecclesi alii cal or spiritual jurisdiction of the Pope and fee of Rome, which otir laws, before the passing of the late aft, have constantly disavowed, the petitioners are very much alanncd left

they should be involved in the guilt of perjury, when called to declare upon oath, “ That no foreign prince, person, prelate, state, or potentate, hath any jurisdiction or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual, in this realm and that Popery is in its nature intolerant, in a Protestant country seditious, and in this kingdom disaffected to the present reigning family, and therefore to encourage it tends to the fubvcrlion of the state, to dethrone the King, and to set aside the fucccftion of the illustrious house of Hanover to the crown of this kingdom; and that as England and Scotland are united, the petitioners cannot but think it ahardftiipuponthe people of England, to have Popery countenanced among them by law, when their brethren in Scotland have been ofticially allured that no law shall be made to favour Popery in that country; and the petitioners presume, that their peaceable deportment, and the constitutional steps they have taken to obtain redress, will meet the approbation of this Honourable House; and that the petitioners do not desire to persecute the Papists, but to preserve themselves and their posterity from a repetition of those rebellious and bloody scenes which Popery, under pretence of promoting the interest of the church, has exhibited in these kingdoms: wherefore, to preserve the fucccftion of the il-laftrious house of Hanover in the Pro-’ testant line, and to secure our civil and religious liberties against the incroachments of Popery to the latest posterity, the petitioners humbly pray, that leave may be given to bring in a bill, to repeal the act lately passed in favour of the Papists.

The petition was referred to a committee of the whole house.—And a motion being made, for the House to rc-solve itself immediately into the said committee, another motion was made, to adjourn; which passed in the negative. Then the question being put, for the House to rel'olve itself into the said committee, the house was informed, that a large and tumultuous crowd had filled the lobby and paflhges leading to the House: and the Serjeant at Arms having informed the House, that it was not in his power to dear the lobby, Mr Speaker directed him to fend for the sheriff and other magistrates of the county of Middlesex and city of Westminster, to attend the House immediately. Af-

'v

368 Parliament: Commons on Popery. V0I. 4I

ter fame time several justices attending, Mr Speaker informed them* that it was their duty to preserve the peace, and for that purpose they had authority to call forth, if necessary, the whole power of the county to their afljftance; he therefore directed them to use their utmost exertions to restore peace and good order.— The House being informed, some time after, that the lobby was cleared, the question passed in the negative; and the House resolved to go into the committee on the Tuesday following, and to adjourn till that day.

A petition of his Majesty’s loyal Protestant subjects of the town and county of Newcastle upon Tyne, and its environs, was presented, and read; containing the fame allegations and prayer as the petition just mentioned; and it was referred to the committee to whose consideration that petition was referred.

On the 19th of June, the day the House met after an adjournment of ten days, a petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, was presented to the Commons, and read; setting forth. That since the ad n°& i a° Will. III. « for the further preventing the growth of Popery,’* the Papists have experienced no persecution, rind the state has enjoyed perft-d tranquillity; and that repealing part of that ad has oecafioned much discontent, and produced dangerous tumults; and therefore praying. That the ad 180 Geo. III. 4( for relieving his Majesty’s subjects professing the Popish religion from certain penalties and disabilitics imposed on them by an act ii° 6c ia° Will. Ill the further preventing the growth of ry may be repealed; that being, in the petitioners opinion, the most probable means of immediately quieting the minds of the people.

Mr Wilkes expreflfed his disapproba-tion of this petition, because it had the air of having been smuggled through the Common council, being brought forward at a time when a great many members, presuming all the business of the day was over, had retired from the hall. The principle of the petition also met his disapprobation; because it prayed for a total repeal of the Roman-Catholic ad, when a partial one was all that ought to be required. — Mr Sawbridge seconded Mr Wilkes in this idea. Both were fe-yere upon Mr Bull, for bringing the pe-

tition into the court of common council; and for not only having been very inactive in maintaining peace in his ward, but for having given countenance to the mob, by fuBering the constables to wear blue cockades, and frequently to cry out, ” No Popery!” — Mr Alderman Bull declared, the business was conducted openly, and that the Aldermeo Wilkes and Sawbridge had each notice given them of the business intended to be moved.

The petition was referred to the a-

forementioned committee.----- Several o-

ther petitions for repealing the act 18* Geo. III. both before and after those here mentioned were presented; and all were referred to the fame committee.

This committee fat on the 20th.— Lord Beauchamp opened the debate. The people, his Lordship said, had been alarmed without any just foundation: for notwithstanding the repeal of the penal clauses of K. William’s bill, there (till remained several penal statutes against the Catholics, which laid them open to very heavy punishments: nothing, therefore, had been less granted to them than an establishment of their religion. His Lordship infilled, that the petitioners, from their misconception of the late ad, had ventured afiertions in their petitions which were unsupported in fad. He concluded with moving five refutations, viz. “ That it is the opinion of this committee, 1. That the effect and operation of the [aforementioned] ad 180 Geo. III. have been mifrepresented and mifunder-flood, a. That the said act does not repeal or alter, or in any manner invalidate or render ineffedual, the several statutes made to prohibit the exercise of the Popish religion previous to the ilatute ii° and ia° Will. III. 3. That no ecclesiastical or spiritual jurisdiction or authority is given by the said act to the Pope or to the fee of Rome. 4. That this House does, and ever will, watch o-ver the interests of the Protestant religion with the most unremitted attention; and that all attempts to seduce the youth of this kingdom from the establifhea church to Popery, are highly criminal according to the laws in force, and are a proper subject of further regulation.

5. That all endeavours to disquiet the miuds of the people, by mifrepresenting the said act 180 Geo. III. as io-consistent with the safety, or irreedhei* lable to the principles of the Protestant

religion*

Julf 1780. Parliament: Commons on Popery. 360

religion, have a manifest tendency to dif-turb the public peace, to break the union neccfiaryat this time, to bring dishonour on the national ebarafter, to diferedit the Protestant religion in the eyes of other nations, and to furnish occasion for the renewal of the persecution of our Protestant brethren in other countries.

Lord North, Mr Fox, Mr Burke, and the Lord Advocate, in long speeches, argued against the repeal of the bill. T'hey pointed out the fatal consequences that must befal the Roman-Catholies if the act should be repealed. Many of them had acknowledged themselves publicly as proprietors of estates which they bad formerly held in trust; a repeal must Tob them of these: Many, in conference of the late aft, had made wills, and marriage-settlements, which it would be the height of injusticeto annul or violate. On that ground a repeal certainly ought not, and consequently could not take place. With respect to schools for Roman'Catholic children, every man who had a spark of humanity must admit that they were necessary; as it would be barbarity in the extreme, to force children from their parents to rear them up in a different religion.

Mr Ambler and Sir P. Clerke argued for a repeal. The latter said, that he did not want to force Roman-Cat holies to bring up their children Protestants; but he wanted to prevent them from reducing the children of Protestants, with a view to make them Papists. A Noble Lord, be said, had declared, that the petitions were not grounded upon fast: in order to discover whether that after-tion was true or not, he moved. That the chairman should leave the chair, report their progress, and ask leave to hear evidence in support of the allegations contained in the petitions.

Sir Philip's motion was afterwards withdrawn, and the resolutions were a-gvecd to without a division, at one o' clock.—The Speaker then resumed the chair, and the resolutions were reported, and agreed to.

Then it was ordered, . That

leave be given to bring in a bill, to secure the Protestant religion in Great Britain from any incroachmenta of Popery, by more eflfeftually retraining Papists, or persons profdfing the Popish religion, from teaching, or taking upon themselves the education or government of the children of Protestant9; and that Sir George Savile, Mr Ellis, Mr Hart* Vql.XLU.

ley, Mr Burke, Mr Recorder of Lon* don, Sir William Guise, Mr HufTey, and MrPolhill, should prepare and bring it in.

The bill was presented by Sir George Savile on the 22d, and read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time, next morning, and to be printed. It was accordingly read a second time on Friday, June 23. and committed for the Monday following. The committee fat on the 26th, made amendments, and reported them; and the House ordered the bill, with the amendments, to be printed; and resolved to take the report further into consideration next day, the 27th. On that day the amendments^ were, with amendments to several of them, agreed to, and an amendment was made by the house; and the bill was ordered to be ingossed. The bill was read a third time on the 28th, passed, and Sir George Savile was ordered to carry it to the Lords. Petitions from certain teachers of academies, and from certain schoolmiftreflc9, were presented; but the question being put for bringing them up, passed in the negative.

On the 21st of June, while the petitions for a repeal of the act i8° Geo. III. in favour of Roman Catholics was under the consideration of the Commons, there was a conversation on that subject in the House of Lords.----- The Duke of Graf-

ton expressed his astonishment, after so many petitions had been presented for the repeal of that act, and such dreadful disturbances had happened, that no motion had come from any Noble Lord in administration to bring the matter under consideration. He had heard, he said, of resolutions made in the other House, and of a bill to be brought in there for some amendments in the offensive aft; but he thought, that in all cases that concerned the combined civil and religious rights of the nation, but more especially the religious, bills should originate in the House of Lords, because they had the assistance of the Rt Rev. Bench of Bishops; and therefore he called upon that Bench, to know, if they had been convened to give their opinions upon the expediency of repealing or amending that bill, by his Majesty’s ministers, cither before or since the disturbances; and de^ dared, that if some good reason was not assigned by them, or the Lords in administration, why that House should wait for a bill coming up from the other, he would move for a day to take the repeal 3 A o

3 70 Parliament: Loi

of the act into consideration, before the Bishops were called off by the season of the year to their annual visitations, when the House would be deprived of their assistance.

The Bishop of Peterborough delivered his sentiments in an eloquent concise speech. He held it as a maxim. That when popular prejudices, and the passions inherent to human nature, ran high in the breasts of the people, that is not the season for abrogating old laws, or enacting new ones, militating against those prejudices and passions. He thought the time unfeasonable when the act was passed; for we were involved in the unhappy American contest, and on the eve of a war with France and Spain; so that nothing was wanting but the fury of religious phrenzy to fill up the measure of our national misfortunes. Though no man was a warmer friend to religious toleration, nor a greater enemy to perfection; yet he saw defeats in that bill, and at the second reading had expressed his apprehension, that mifrepresentatioii6 and ill consequences would arise from the want of a clause to prevent the Roman-Catholics making converts, and educating children of Protestants in their faith; especially as he knew that they offered pecuniary rewards, which are arguments that indigent persons will find too powerful to resist. He was therefore glad to hear, that a bill was to be brought into the other House to rectify this defeat. Another objection was, the enabling Roman-Catholics to purchase lands, and settle them on their children, the fame as Protestants; as this might lead to acts of cruelty and injustice; for if the eldest son should renounce the Romish faith in the lifetime of his father, he might settle his Estate on theyoungeft, being a Roman.

The Bishop of Llatidnff and the Bishop Cf Rochester both lpoke against a repeal of the act, as it had been in many parts roifunderstood, and because it would be a dangerous precedent at this time; but they thought it highly expedient, while they were secured in the peaceable enjoyment of their religion, and the natural right of educating their own children, that they should be strictly prohibited from seducing the children of Protestants to be educated in their schools. As the petitions were presented to the other House, they recommended that the resolutions of that House, or the bill framed there, should be waited for.—-The

ds on Popery. VoI.4*J

Duke of Grafton acquiesced, and the conversation ended.

The bill that was sent from the Commons June 28. was read twice by the Lords, and committed for Monday, July 3 — Previous to the fitting of the committee that day, the Archbishop of Canterbury made a short speech, pro-fefling the warmest attachment to the generous principles of toleration so long as it did not afied the civil and religious establishment of the country; and gave it as his opinion ?that the doctrines of the church of England itself were the strong-eft arguments for this species of indulgence, as the first aDd most respectnble tenet in the Christian system was Humanity, and it never could consist with that virtue to compel a man into a mode of worship against his conscience and belief.—Theadtir°and ia° Will.[II. against the Roman-Catholics, his Grace said, he had always considered as very severe, and adapted only to the circumstances of the nation at the time; and it wa3 with a view to relieve persons pro-feffing that religion from the very great hardships they might suffer under that and other alts inflicting pains and penalties, that he had consented to the bill for repealing them, which had given rife to the Protestant petitions, and to the present bill. If therefore their Lordships should be of opinion, that Popish schools have increased, and that Protestant children are seduced to be educated in them by Romish teachers in the principles of their religion, the provisions in this bill would be very proper, and should meet with his concurrence.

The Marquis of Rockingham was for restraining the Papists as much as possible from educating the children of Protestants; but when that wa9 done, he hoped there would be no infringement on the toleration granted them for the free exercise of their religion, nor any restric-tian upon their building or repairing chapels for public worfliipt for it did not appear to him that they had erected many new ones. Much had been said about the chapel at Bath; but, after all, it was not a new one: there had been a chapel on the spot ever since Elisabeth’s time; part of it had been pulled down to widen a street, and an addition had been made in another position about five years ago, before the bill in their favour was thought of, which made it larger than the old chapel, and suitable to the

increa fed

Julyt78o. Parliament.* Lords on Popery. 371

increased number of the Roman*Catholics reGding in that city.

Earl Ferrers, after a very few preliminary observations, introduced the following motion: “ That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be gracoufly pleased to give directions to the Molt Reverend the Arch-bishops and the Rt Rev. the Bishops, to procure from their parochial clergy an account of the number of Papists, or reputed Papists, in their respective dioceses, and to cause the fame to be laid before this House on the lit day of the next session of parliament.”

The Bishop of Bath and Wells said, he had already made an inquiry Gmilar to that willied for by the Noble Lord. He felt himself happy in informing the House of the result of that inquiry, as it would tend to remove certain mifconcep-tions that had had conGderable prevalence abroad, and had in some degree contributed to the terrible difafers that had recently happened. An idea had got into the world, that the number of Papists had very much increased within late years. Now the reverse was the fad. When this description of men were enumerated about two generations ago, by an eminent divine. Dr Gaftrcll, the total amount at that time was 68,coo. The amount of those residing only in the particular county of Chester, which is more peculiarly distinguished for Roman-Catholic inhabitants than any other, was at that time 37,000. In the year 1767, a second calculation had been made in that county, and the amount wa6 25,000. Another calculation had been recently made in the fame district, and it was found that there were no more than

16,000 at most.—The inference from a comparison ot these various computations in this particular district was clearly this, That a general diminution had taken place throughout the kingdom; and that the number of Roman-Catholics, upon the whole, was nearly le/icned one half within the space alluded io.

The Archbishop of Canterbury said. That great pains had been taken by his orders to inquire into the number of Roman-Catholics throughout the kingdom, and he did not Gnd that they were increased; neither could he hear of any new schools, except one for boys at Haromersmith; there had been one for girls many years, a very old establi/h-ment; but in neither of them was there one child iof Protestant parents.

The motion was agreed to unani* > moufly.

The House then resolved itself into the committee, Lord Oxford in the chair.

Several of theclaufes having been read, and agreed to, the Bishop of Rochester moved. That inltead of the words, “ prohibited from the teaching or government of” &c. the term “ tuition” be inserted, as being the term usually received, and that used in the last bill relpeding the Roman-Catholics.

The Lord Chancellor said, the distinction fug^efted by the Rt Rev. Prelate /truck him as an alteration that was not only to be wiihed for, from the lesser argument of general uniformity, but be* cause, in his idea, it affected even the fundamental tenor and principle of the bill itself. He was not a man who had ever attempted to announce himself, or had any ambition to be deemed, an active zealot for indiferiminate toleration. From illness he had been deprived of the opportunity of attending to the several circumstances that had given rife to the bill, or of consulting much upon it; but in his own judgement of it, whatever it might be thought proper to do, in respect to any restraint on the education of the children of Protestants by Ron:ish teachers, it iliould not appear to be up-

o.n the spur of a particular occasion, and therefore it would have been better td have postponed it: but he would not enter into that consideration then; he hoped, however, when the bill should be read a third time, it would then be maturely weighed by their Lord/hips, whether it be wife at this juncture to pass such a bill.—His Lordship, with, regard to the amendment, said, that it was certainly right to guard against Roman-Catholics having the entire tuition and government of Protestant children; but, having taken care of that, he hoped their Lordlliips would not go so far as to prevent the teachers of foreign languages, l'uch for instance as French and Italian masters, from intruding Protcft-ant children: for if their Lordshipj thought it necessary for any of thetr children to have those accompli/hments* from whom were they to acquire them, but from the inhabitants of the countries where they are spoken and written in their greatest purity ! and these profels the Romilh faith. Betides, it seemed very strange to except dancing-master*

3 A 4 from

372 Parliaments Lot

from the prohibitions in this bill, and to restrain instrutfors in languages from exercising their professions. And why were all fefts of religion dissenting from the establiftied church, to be permitted to teach any branch of education to all children indiscriminately, and the Roman Catholics alone to be denied it, after they have tahen the oaths required by government to qualify them for the enjoyment of the fame privileges, the fame rights, and the fame common pro-testion, as the rest of his Majesty’s loyal subjects? — If, said, his Lordship, it were really a fast, that the Ro^an-Ca-tholics of the present time held those absurd tenets, That the Pope has a supreme power over all princes; That they may depose and murder their sovereign; and, That no faith is to be kept with those they arc pleased to call heretics; or if they could derive any power or support from the temporal authority of the Pope, or from his influence with foreign Roman-Catholic princes, to endanger the safety of the state; I would exterminate such a people: but not believing this to be the case, I am for granting them the faeved rights that God has given them, the right of worshipping him in their own way, and of educating their children according to their own faith. In the year 1780, a man would be laughed at, in France, and all over Europe, who should assert, that the Pope has any temporal power over the sovereigns of Europe, or their subjects; and the English Roman-Catholics have solemnly ('worn that he has none over them. The Roman-Catholics, he said, were Engliftuncn; they had conducted themfclvrslike Englishmen; they therefore had a right to the protection of the laws. What had they done since last year, when a bill was pa fled exonerating them from a catalogue of most tyrannical and unchriflian grievances? Nothing that had been proved. Would their Lordships then proceed, without any cause, to make this riefcriplion of men less an object of their indulgence this year than the lait, to deprive them of every blessing the y had previously bellowed, and reduce them, once more, without fault, or any thing like the (ha-dow of it, to the original date of of-pression or hardship in which they had been most inhumanly, as well as impo-. litically, kept ? — His JLordflrip concluded with moving an amendment, That

ck on Popery* Vol. 42*

Roman-Catholics be permitted to teach any thing in any manner they think proper, only that they be not differed to keep boarding-schools, or any such fe-minary as may give them the exclusive government of the children under their direction.

On a motion of Earl Bathurd, an amendment was made to the Bishop of Rochester’8 amendment, with that Prelate’s consent, by inserting the words, “ inltrudtion, government, and boarding, of Protestant children.’*

The Bishop of Ely was for putting off the bill to another session, and for moving a committee of the whole House early in the next session, to inquire into all the laws in being respecting the Pa-picts; for, he said, neither Papifh nor ProtedantB knew them at present. Some more Lords were for poflponing it.

After the body of the bill was gone through, a very material alteration was made in the title upon a motion of Earl Bathurd. It ran before tn these words: “ A bill to securethe Protestant religion in Great Britain from any encroachment® of Popery,’* See. His Lordship said, God forbid it should go out of that House, that the Rev. Prelates, or any other Lo*“ds, thought the Protestant religion in this country in any danger front any encroachments whatever. He then proposed the following title, which was agreed to: “ A bill for more effectually rest raining Papists, or persons professing the Romish religion, from taking upon them the education, government, and board of the children of Protestants.”

The committee passed the bill without any further amendment.

On the report, next day, the Ardi-bishop of Canterbury said, that being more fully informed as to the import and tendency of the amendments proposed, he mull give them his negative. His Grace exprdTcd himself an enemy to every species of intoleration; and conceived, that it would be acting with a degree of harfliness and severity wholly iinjuftiliable, to deprive parents of the privilege of educating their children in the religious principles they themselvca professed. But as the Roman-Catholier entertained principles inimical to the civil and religious institutionsof this country, the duties of his Ration compelled him to declare, as his opinion, that Roman-Catholics ought not to be afforded the opportunity of teaching in day-

schools,

I

July 1780. Parliament: Lords on Popery. m

fbheols, or of having in any other manner the power of instilling the principles of the Roman-Catholic faith into the minds of their pupils, which the propo-fed amendments would most certainly enable them to effect. His Lordship, for these and other reasons, could not a -gree to the amendments, which had made the bill more offensive to him than it was in the state in which it came from the Commons; and his Grace concluded with saying, that he believed some absent members of the bench coincided* with him in opinion.

The Bishop of St David'9 said, he had not yet spoken on the subject now under difcufiion. When the bill passed for repealing the act n° "ia° Will. HI. he had not the honour of a feat in that House: bathe had,among his private friends observed, that it did not promise to produce any salutary effect, as the Roman-Catholic subjects of these realms were not under any kind of perfection 5 and expressed his appreheufions that the bill might probably create jealousies and animosities in the minds of the Protestants.

An erroneous idea had been diflemi-r nated abroad, purporting that the Bench of Bishops were inclined to encourage Popery: but he could take upon himself to alTert, that the Rev. Prelates entertained not the most distant idea of encouraging any doCtrines militating against the established religion and civil institutions of the country. Indulgences that would not interfere with these im-ortant doCtrines, he would not oppose; ut was apprehensive, that permitting day-fehooh to be kept by Roman-Catholics, would afford too fatal opportunities for the perversion of young minds from the religion of their ancestors.

Persons of the Roman Catholic persuafion are zealously attached to their religion, and indefatigably aflidnous in making converts to their faith. The son of a poor man cannot be educated under a Protestant schoolmaster at a less expence than forty shillings a-year, while a Roman-Catholic will instruct him without any pecuniary reward. Thus is a dangerous temptation held forth to people in indigent circumstances.

The Noble Lord on the woolsack had the preceding day observed, that Papists being allowed to teach Protestant children the languages, mathematics. See, could not expose them to the danger of

being perverted to Popery: but he mull observe, that zealous advocates for Pope* ry, acting as instructors in these branches of learning, would seize opportunities of influencing the minds of their pupils.

Noble Lords need not be informed of so notorious a fact, that children educated in foreign seminaries, generally returned to England impressed with pre-possessions in favour of Popery. He wilhed that every indulgence might be granted to Papists which could be allowed with (perfect safety to our laws and religion; but at the same time was desirous of adopting every necessary precaution for defending our religion from the innovations of Popery.

There were objectionable clauses in the act ii° Sc i%° Will. III.; they were oppressive, and inconliftent with the principles of Christianity, particularly that clause for disinheriting issue professing Popish doctrines.

His Lordship hoped the laws relating to Popery would be subjected to a revision, and that a bill might be framed to abolish every cause of complaint from the Papists, and secure the Protestant religion from every innovation.

The Lord Chancellor said, he had the preceding day delivered his sentiments pretty fully; but the high respect that was due to all that came from so truly respectable authority as the Most Reverend and Right Reverend Prelates who had just now fpokc, called him to speafe further.

The Rt Rev. Prelate had taken up the question in two points of view. By the first argument it was meant to be inferred, That the principles of the Romance holic religion were subversive of the religious establishments, and the laws of civil focrety and political government of these realms. By the second, That the bill and the amendments were calculated to countenance and encourage Popery* and endanger the Protestant system.

The Noble Lord admitted, that the Roman-Catholic9 zealously endeavoured to gain proselytes to the religion they profeffed. All men who are sincere iir their religious tenets, wish to infptre others with the opinions which they conceive to be right. Independents, Me-thodifts, Jews, &c. follow different modes of religious practice; and it \s but fair and reasonable to allow them the privilege of acting according to the conviction of their own minds.

His

$74 Parliament: Lords on Popery* Vol. 4

His Lordship went into an elaborate difeuflion of the arguments advanced by the Rt Rev. Prelate, and endeavoured to prove, that the bill was not likely to be attended with any injurious consequences. He would rather wifti that the whole body of Roman-Catholics should be exterminated the kingdom, than that they should remain the monuments of theinjustice, caprice, and levity, of parliament. His Lordship concluded with declaring his sentiments were strongly in favour of every species of toleration that could be granted consistent with thecon-ftitutional establifhments of this country.

The Marquis of Rockingham corrected some miltakes in the Archbishop of Canterbury, shewing, that the act 180 Geo. 111. did not repeal the whole, but only particular parts of the act xi° & ia° Will. 111. [40. 393-]

The question being put, Whether the amendment should be admitted ? the House divided: Contents 44, non-contents 10.

The Lord President, in order to get rid of the bill and amendments together, moved, That the bill be further considered on Tuesday next, before which time parliament will be prorogued; and upon a division there were. Contents 9, non-contents xi.

On £ motion made, July 5. to read the bill a third time, the Duke of Chan-dos intreated the attention of the House for a few minutes. He professed his attachment to Protestant principles, and laid there w'as nothing which he would not do, or fuller, in their Support. Yet he disclaimed all principles of perfection; and thought that Roman-Catholics, being quiet and loyal fuhjcCls, had as good a right to toleration as any of the other numerous fcCts in this country. But the circumstance which chiefly determined him to vote against the bill, was the lime and manner of its being brought into and enforced in the other House. He dclired their Lordships to recoiled the indignities and outrages they suffered from a mob, who Called themselves Protestants, and who were the patrons of this bill, a few weeks ago. Not a Lord of Parliament could for several days come to this house, or go out of it, without endangering his life. These things he presumed were fresh in their Lordships memory, nor would they easily forget therm It was unfuitabk to their Lordships gravity,

and unbecoming their dignity, by hastily agreeing to a bill brought into parliament in such circumstances, and' urged by such indecent and outrageous threats, to encourage mobs and infurreCtion6. A bill of such importance ought not to be agitated in a thin House, and at the end of a session; but in a full House, and at a time when there should be leisure to give it a patient hearing and a full dif-culfion. But that was not the circumstance which made the deepest impref-(ion on his Grace’s mind: He considered the treatment that this bill should meet with as the touchstone by which the nation would judge, whether the independency and freedom of parliament were to be maintained with vigour, or whether the parliament were to yield to the importunities and insolence of every mob. If this bill should be paftVd at this time, he expected to fee the House of Commons and the House o( Peers be-set, on a thousand occasions, and on every occaGon indeed, by a paflicnate and misguided tumultuous rabble. He would# as long as he enjoyed the honour of a feat in that House, speak without fear the sentiments that flowed from his heart. Such were those which he now expressed. His Grace added a few words, and concluded with moving, “ That the bill be rejected.”

On the question' being put, the House divided, when the numbers were. Contents (for rejecting the bill) 17, Not-contents 9.— So the bill twas rejected by near two to one.

By this bill, any Papist, orperson pro-felling the Popi(h religion, who should take upon him or her the education or boarding of the child or children of a Protestant, and any Protestant who should knowingly fuller his or her child or children, or any child or children of Protestant parents intrusted to his or her guardianship, to be educated or boarded by a Papist, were subjected to a fine and imprisonment; teaching the arts or ex-crcifcs of music, drawing, dancing, fencing, or riding, excepted. By the amendments made, all Popish teachers# public and private, were to register their names and places of abode; and per Ions teaching as tutors, orasschoolmasters or schoolmiftrefles, not so registered, were to forfeit 1001. and to suffer one year’s imprisonment: and a clause respeChng boarding-schools was extended to day* lchools,

AME-

July 1780. America: Lincoln on AMERICA. [304.]

From the Pennsylvania

Philadelphia, June 17. Last Wednesday evening arrived Lt-Col. Ternant, with the following dispatchesfrom Maj.-Cen. Lincoln to Congress.

4* Sir, Chorlejluivn, May 24.1780. The inclosed papers will inform Congress of each important circumstance which has occurred in this department since I did myself the honour to write to them on the 9th ult. by Mr Cannon.

They will hereby observe, that after every effort and exertion made by a handful of brave troops, contending with mimberlefs hardships and difficulties, (to all which they most chearfully submitted), we were reduced to the fad necessity of treating with Sir Henry Clinton, and acceding to the terms of capitulation which accompany this letter.

1 shall not at present go into a detail of the matter, as I expert to reach Congress before this: but should I not, Lt-Col. Ternant, who is the bearer of this letter, will be able to give a minute state of things: 1 must beg leave therefore to refer Congress to that gentleman; and to allure them, that his steady attention to duty, and zeal for the service, intitle him to every respect.

I have the honour to be, See.

B. Lincoln.

P. S. Lt-Col. Ternant will be able to inform Congress what has caused so much delay in getting off the dispatches.”

[Here followed twenty-four letters which passed between Gen. Clinton and Gen. Lincoln.]

Return of the killed and "wounded during the Jtege.

Killed, 1 colonel, 1 aid-de-camp, 6 captains, 3 lieutenants, 10 serjeants, ($8 rank and file, Continentals. Wounded, 1 major,

% captains, 5 lieutenants, 18 serjeants, and 114 rank and file. Continentals.

The militia and Tailors, being in a different part of the town, suffered no loft.

Return of the Continental war,

including the Jick and wounded. Major-General Lincoln.

Brigadiers: Moultrie, M'Intofli, Woodford, Scott, Du Portail, Hogan.

Colonels 9, lieutenant-colonels 14, majors 15, captains and 'captain-lieutenants 84, second lieutenants and ensigns 3a.

Non-coinmilfioned officers 209, drums and £fes 140, rank and file 1977* l3OI*3 The number of defeiters from our army,

? the note at bottom of next J

the fiegc of Charlestown; 37$

from the 29th of March to the lath of May, amounted only to 20.

Published by order of Congress, Charles Thomson, Secretary.’*

Articles of capitulation, agreed upon between Capt. Charles lludfen, commander of his -jejty's pip Richmond, and Lt-Ccl. , commordant of Fort Moultrie on Sullivan's i-jlcnd, on the surrender of that fort and its de» pendencies, May 7. 1780. [266.]

Art. I. That the troops in garrison shall be allowed to march out with the usual honours of war, and to pile their arms outside of the gate.

II. That all the officers in garrison, as well Continental as Militia, and the non-com missioned officers and privates of the militia, dull be considered as prisoners of war at large on their parole, until exchanged; and be allowed, in the mean time, to re* fide with their families and friends, Charles-town excepted, as it is at*present under liege.

III. That the Continental and Militia officers be permitted to wear their fide-arms.

IV. That the Haves and other property of every individual in garrison be secured to their respective owners: That all such Haves in garrison, belonging to persons out of it, be secured to their respective owners in such manner as may be agreed upon between Capt. Hudson and the commanding officer of the fort.

V. All property, Have*, &c. to be secured to each individual of the garrison; -such as is lodged in the soit, for security or otherwise, belonging to individuals, not of she garrison, to be delivered up.

VI. That the lick have every necessary accommodation, and all the Continental private soldiers be treated in a humane manner, and not rigorously confined; every humanity to be lhewn to both Tick and well.

VII. The fort, artillery, arms, ammunition, and llorcs, of all kinds, to be delivered up to such officers and guard as Capt. Hudson shall think proper to fend for the purpose.

VIII. The garrison to march out of the fort, and pile their arms early this morning, in front of the Britishi forces, who will be drawn up before the entrance of the fort on the occasion.

Charlks Hudson.

William Scott, Lieut.-Col. ill reg. and Commandant of Fort Moultrie.

It is ever customary with the rebel commanders, when they publish returns of their killed, wounded, and prisoners, to suppress entirely the mention of their militia; who, joined to this avowed return of Mr Lincoln, increases the number of prisoners to upwards of 700% Land, Chtcn.

In

376 America: A hand-bill circulated at Charlestown, Vol.

In the London Gazette of July 8. we have a letter from Gen. Clinton to Lord George Germain, dated, Headquarters, Charlestown, South Carolina, June 3. 1780, a hand-bill and two proclamations mentioned in that letter, and an address from divers inhabitants of Charlestown to the Commissioners for restoring peace in North America; which we insert verbatim, viz.

Sir Henry Clinton's u My Lord,

I have the honour to inclose, for your Lordship’s information, the copies of two proclamations I have found it necessary to issue as commander in chief, and the copy of a hand-bill which has been circulated amongst the inhabitants, and appears to have had a very good etfe<ft.

I have the honour to be, &c.

H. Clintom. Hand-bill issued after the surrendsr cf

Chatleftown,

41 When the Royal army arrived in South Carolina, the Commander in Chief avoided, as much as possible, every measure which might excite the loyal inhabitants to rife in favour of government, and thus bring danger and trouble upon themselves, at a time when the King’s army, being employed in the reduction of Charlestown, could not assist or second their struggles.

The blood of the loyalists that had been unhappily lhed, and the severities which had been tofli&ed on them by the rebels, in consequence of the former spirited but ill-timed infurredlions of the King’s numerous friends on the back of both Carolinas, had already occasioned too much grief and regret to his Majesty and their fiellow-fobjeds in Europe, for him wantonly to bring again into hazard the lives and happiness of o*ep who deserve so well of their country.

But Charlestown with its harbour, and Fort Moultrie, being now reduced, and their garrisons, to the amount of 6coo men, with ail their arms, stores, artillery, and ships of war, being in possession of his Majesty’s fortes, the time is come when it is equally the interest and duty of every good man to be in readiness to join the king’s troops, and assist them in establishing justice and liberty, and in restoring and securing their own property, whenever they shall march to support them against the small rebel parties that still linger at a distance in the province.

After so much disorder, violence, and opprelBon, the helping band of every man is wanted to re-establi(h peace and good government; and as the Commander in Chief wilbed not to draw the King’s friends into danger when any . doubt could remain of their success; so, now that that is certain, he trusts, that one and all will heartily join, and, by a general concurrence, give effect to such necessary measures for that purpose, as, from time to time, maybe pointed out ! to them. And they may rest assured,

that every means will be used to avoid

giving them any trouble that may not be necessary to secure to them, peace, liberty, and prosperity.

In order to attain these happy ends, ft is the duty of all men who with well to themselves and their country, to be ready, at a moment, with their arms, to regain their just rights, and support the free constitution of their forefathers, under which we all increased and prospered.

Those who have families, will form a militia, to remain at home, and occasionally to assemble in their own districts, when required, under officers of their own chusing, for the maintenance of peace and good order. Those who have no families, and can conveniently be spared for a time, it is hoped will chearfully assist his Majesty’a troops in driving their rebel oppressors, and all the miseries of war, far from the province.

, For this purpose it is necessary, that the young men be ready to assemble when required, and serve with the King’s troops, for any six months of the ensuing twelve that may be found requisite, under proper regulations. They may chuse officers to each company to command them, and will be allowed, when on service, pay, ammunition, and provisions, in the lame manner as the troops. When they join the army, each man will be furnished with a certificate, declaring, that he is only engaged tp serve as a militiaman for the time specified; that he is not to be marched beyond North Carolina and Georgia; and that when the time is out, he is freed from all claims whatever of military service, except the common and usual militia-duty where he lives.

He will then have paid his debt to his country, and be intitled to enjoy undif-turbed that peace, liberty, and proper? ty, at home, which he had contributed to secure.”

« SOUTH

July 1780. America: Proclamations at Charlestown* 377

“SOUf H CAROLINA.

By hi* Excellency Sir Henry Clintdn, Knight of the Aloft Honourable Order of the Bath, General and Commander in Chief of all his Majesty’s Forces within the Colonies lying on the Atlantic Ocean, from Nova Scptia to Weft Florida inclusive, PROCLAMATION.

- Whereas, notwithstanding the gracious offers which have been made, to' receive to his Majesty’s peace and protection, with pardon and oblivion for their pait offences, all those his deluded and infetuated subjects who should return to their duty and a due obedience to the laws [260.]; yet there are some wicked and desperate men, who, rc-gardlefs of the ruin and misery in which the country will be involved, are still endeavouring to support the flame of rebellion, and, under pretence of authority derived from the late usurped lcgif-latures, are attempting, by enormous floes, grievous imprifouments, and fan-guinary punishments, to compel his Majesty’s faithful and unwilling subject9 to take up arms against his authority and government; and it is therefore become necessary, as well for the protection of the loyal subjects, as to procure the establishment of peace and good government in the country, to prevent, by the terror of example, such enormous offences being committed in future; 1 have therefore thought fit to issue this my proclamation, to declare. That if any person shall hereafter appear in arms in order to prevent the establishment of his Majesty’s government in this country, or shall, under any pretence or authority whatsoever, attempt to compel any other person or persons to do so, or shall hinder or intimidate, or attempt to hinder or intimidate, the King’s faithful and loyal subjects from joining his forces, or otherwise performing those duties their allegiance requires, such person or persons so offending shall be treated with that severity so hardened and criminal an obstinacy will deserve, and his or their estates will be immediately seized in order to be confiscated. And for the encouragement of the King’s faithful and peaceable subjecto, 1 do again assure them, that they shall meet with effectual countenance, protection, and support; and whenever the situation of the country will permit of the restoration of civil Vol.XLII.

government and peace, they will, by the commissioners appointed by his Majesty for that purpose, be restored to the full/ possession of that liberty in their persons and property which they had before experienced under the British government. And that so desirable an event may be the more speedily accomplished, 1 do hereby, in his Majesty’s name, require and command all persons whatever to be, aiding and assisting to his forces, whenever they shall be required, in order to extirpate the rebellion, and thereby restore peace and prosperity to this, at present, desolated anddiftra&ed country. Given under my hand, at head quarters

in Charlestown, the sad day of May,

,78o> H. CLINTON.

By his Excellency’s command, Nathaniel Philips, AIM.See.”

“SOUTH CAROLINA.

By his Excellency Sir Henry Clinton, &c.

PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, after the arrival of his Majesty’s forces under my command iff this province, in February last, numbers of persons were made prisoners by the army, or voluntarily surrendered them* selves as such, and such persons werd afterwards dismissed on their respcCtivE paroles [267.]: And whereas, since the surrender of Charlestown, and the defeats and dispersion of the rebel-forces, it is become unnecessary that such paroles should be any longer observed j and it is fit and proper that all persons should take an aCtive part in settling and fecu-ringhis Majesty *s government, and delivering the country from that anarchy which for some time past hath prevailed: I do therefore iflbe this my proclamation, to declare, That all the inhabitants of this province who are now prisoners upon parole, and were not in the military line, (those who were in Fort Moultrie and Charlestown at the times of their capitulation and surrender, or were then in actual confinement, excepted), that from and after the 20th day of Juneinstant they are freed and exempted from all such paroles, and may hold thcmfclvea as restored to all the rights and duties belonging to citizens and inhabitants. And all persons under the description before mentioned, who shall afterwards nc-gleet to return to their allegiance, and to his Majesty’s government, will be con-2 B tidcred

378 America: An address to the Peace Commissiafners. Vot. 41.

fidered as enemies and rebels to the fame, and treated accordingly.

Given under my hand, at Head quarters in Charlestown, the 3d day of June,

17S0, and in the aoth year of his Ma-jelly’s reign. H> CLINTON-

By his Excellency’s command,

Peter Russel, Assist. Sec.”

u To their Excellencies, Sir Henry Clinton, Knight of the Bath, General of his Majesty’s Forces, and Mariot Ar-buthoot, Esq; Vice-Admiral of the Blue, his Majesty’s Commissioners to restore peace and good government in the several Colonies in rebellion in North America,

The Humble Address of divers Inhabitants of Charlestown.

The inhabitants of Charlestown, by the articles of capitulation, are declared prisoners on parole; but we the underwritten, having every inducement to return to our allegiance, and ardently hoping speedily to be readmitted to the character and condition of Brkifh subjects, take this opportunity of tendering to your Excellencies our warmest congratulations on the restoration of this capital and province to their political connection with the crown and government of Great Britain; an event which will add lultre to your Excellencies characters, and, we trult, entitle you to the most distinguishing mark of the Royal favour.

Although the right of taxing America in parliament, excited considerable ferments in the minds of the people of this province; yet it may with a religious adherence to truth be affirmed, that they did not entertain the most distant thought of dissolving the union that so happily subsisted between them and their parent-country; and when, in the progrels of that fatal controversy, the doctrine of independency (which originated in the more northern colonies) made its appearance among us, our natures revolted at the idea; and we look back, with the moll painful regret on those convul-fions that gave exigence to a power of subverting a constitution, for which we always had, and ever shall retain, the most profound veneration; and substitu-. ting in its Head a rank democracy, which, however carefully digested in theory, on being reduced into practice has exhibited a system of tyrannic domination, only to be foqnd among the uncivilized part

of mankind, or in the history of the dark and barbarous ages of antiquity.

We fmcerely lament, that after the repeal of those statutes which gave rife to the troubles in America, the overtures made by his Majesty’s commissioners, from time to time, were not regarded by our late rulers. To this fatal inattention are to be attributed those calamities which have involved our country in a state of misery and ruin: from which, however, we trust it will soone-merge, by the wisdom and clemency of his Majesty’s auspicious government, and the influence of prudential laws, adapted to the nature of the evils we labour under; and that the people will be restored to those privileges, in the enjoyment whereof their former felicity confided.

Animated with these hopes, we intreat your Excellencies interpofttion, in aflu-ring his Majesty, that we shall glory in every occasion of manifesting that zeal and affection for his person and government -with which gratitude can inspire a free and joyful people.

CharUjlown, June 5. 1780.

[Signed by 210 of the principal inhabitants.]

Gen. Clinton, who was preparing to fail from Charlestown for New York on the 4th of June [301.], arrived at the last-named place on Saturday, June 17. under convoy of Adm. Arbuthnot and the fleet, to the great joy of the inhabitants. The troops his Excellency took with him, were the light infantry, British grenadiers, 4ad foot, Queen’s rangers, and Hessian grenadiers, in all about 5500 men.

A letter from Charlestown, dated, June 8. fays, “ On the 6th an express arrived here from Lord Cornwallis, desiring coarse Irish (heeting for frocks for 750 men, who had come fromr North Carolina, and joined him, which made the amount of his army 5200. He was to march in a few days for North Carolina.”

A garrison of 3000 men was left at Charlestown.

“ Annapolis* May 26. The following is an extract of a letter from the Congrefsto his Excellency Governor Lee, May 11. [Circular.]

“ Sir, The Congress have received authentic information, that his Most Christian Majesty is preparing to fend a powerful naval and land force to fomepart of the Continent of North America. This force, generously calculated either to

July 178°. America: Pennfylvawa resolutions. 379

produce a diversion in our favour, or to forward the operation of our arms, by being directed to the fame object, may either, by our exertions, be made the means of delivering our country in the course of the campaign from the ravages of war, or, being rendered ineffectual through our iupinenefs, serve only to fully the reputation of our arms, to defeat the benevolent intention of our great ally, and to disgrace our confederacy in the eyes of Europe.

Every State that reflects upon the de-pretiation of the currency, and their own deficiency in the payment of their taxes, must necessarily conclude, that the treasury is exhausted. The military departments are at a itand for want of money to put them in motion. The Congress have no resources, but in your spirit and virtue; upon this they confidently rely. You know the value of the prize for which you contend; nor need you be informed bow much you are interested in a fptedy termination of this distreff-ing and expensive war.

But as the smallest disappointment in the requifitioos they make, may be attended with most l'erious consequences, they have endeavoured so to limit their demands, as not to exceed your power to comply with them.*’

The general assembly and council of Pennsylvania have published the following resolutions.

tf In Generalrfjftmbly of ,

Thurfdiv, June I. Whereas the exigencies which may arise in a (late of war, arc frequency of a nature that require such sudden and extraordinary exertions, as arc impossible for the legilla-tive body to provide for by the ordinary course of law, therefore resolved unanimously, That during the recess of this House, should the circumstances of the war make it necessary, the President or Vice-President in Council be authorised and impowered, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to declare martial law, so far as the fame may be conducive to the public security, and to the safety and defence of the good and faithful citizens of this commonwealth.’*

“ In Council, Philadelphia, June 6. Whereas in the present ftatc of public affairs, it may be nee (T.iry 10 make extraordinary exertions for the supply of the a:ny, and supporting other measures which may be adopted for the safety and security of the State in it* freedom and independence; and it will be just and

reasonable, that, in the execution of such measures, a diferimination should be made between those who have manifested their attachment to their country, in the present contest with Great Britain, and those of a contrary character t whereupon,

Resolved, That it be recommended to all persons who have ihewn their allegiance to the State, by taking an oath or affirmation of fidelity to it, and of their abjuration of the King of Great Britain, to keep their certificates thereof ready to be produced on the (horteft notice; and to all persons who have lost their certificates, to obtain duplicates, or to give such assurances, so as to obtain certificates; or they may be in danger of loling the indulgence and distinction to which they are justly intitled.*

“ In Council, Philadelphia, July 6. Whereas the residence of the wives and children of those persons who have joined the enemy, has at all times proved inconvenient to the public interests, in consequence of the correspondence and intercourse which has been constantly preserved; and as it has become too dangerous to be longer permitted or connived at:

Resolved, That public notice be given to such persons, that they depart this State within ten days; and any of theirt remaining after that time, will not be deemed as intitled to any protection, but liable to be proceeded against as enemies of the State.”

In the London Gazette of July i3. there is an extract of a letter from John Dalling, Esq; Governor of Jamaica, to Lord George Germain, dated,1 King-flon, June a. received by the Thynne Packet; in which his Excellency congratulates his Lordship on the reduction of the important fort on the river St John, by a detachment of his Majesty’s troops under the command of Capt. Polfon, of the 6oth regiment. The fort surrendered on the 39th of April; and there were found in it, one brass mortar of five and a half inches, twenty pieces of brass ordnance mounted, besides fwi-vels, ten or twelve iron ditto dismounted, with a proportionable quantity of military (lores.--- An extract of a let-

ter from Capt. Polfon to Gov. Dalling, dated, St John’s Fort, April 30.1780, is inserted, viz.

“ I have the honour to inform your Excellency, that this castle furreudered to his Majesty’s arms yesterday at five 3 B a o’clock

<3&o America; Capture of Fort Si Juab. Vol.42.

o’clock p.«. The terms of capitulation I now inclose, which 1 hope will meet with your approbation.

I have also the honour of fending your Excellency, by Lieut. Thomas Moun-fey, the colours of the fort and of the regiment, as well as returns of the cannon and (lores taken in it.

When I came to Cape Gracios a Dios, there was not an Indian to be seen; fomc villains there had taken pains to persuade them, that the English army had come merely with an intent of enilaving them, and fending them to Jamaica; it was therefore some time before any of them ventured to come in J took the opportunity of fending them small presents by one of their people, who had ventured down to make observations on our motions. He being acquainted with Mr Campbell, was undeceived by him, and brought to me; which had the desired effect, as most of the tribes came in very ioon after.

Your Excellency’s letter of the 17th of March I received the 20th, just as 1 entered the river St John. I shall ever retain a grateful sense of the sentiments you. was therein pleased to express for me; and I am sorry that the many delays I met at the Cape, and other places between that and the harbour of St John, from the want of craft, and the back-wardnefs of the Indians in coming out, prevented my operations keeping pace with your Excellency’s expectations. I however hope you will do me the justice to bcKcVe, that no time was loft which could polfibly be saved, situated as I was. Jt was the 3d of March before any Black-river crafts arrived; and they were the only ones then provided. It is true the Indian governor promised a great many; but when I came to his country, there was not one ready; and we got them at last with a great deal of difficulty. The Superintendent was entirely deceived by the Indians in the number of crafts and men, and still more so in point of time.

Capt. Nclfon, then of the Hinchinbrooke, came up with thirty-four seamen, one serjeant, and twelve marines. I want words to express the obligations 1 owe that gentleman: he was the first 00 every service, whether by day or by night; there was scarcely a gun Bred but was pointed by him, or Lieut. Defpard, chief engineer, who has exerted himself of every occasion. I am persuaded, if our ihot had held out, we should have

had the fort a week sooner. As Capt. Nelson goes to Jamaica, he cata inform you of every delay, and point of service, as well as I could, for he knows my very thoughts.

The bearer Lieut. Mounfey can inform your Excellency of many things that may escape my memory; he is a very good officer, and commanded the party I sent to reconooitre the Look-out, and began the attack of it in concert with Capt. Deipard and Capt. Nelson, who with his seamen volunteered that duty.”

By the capitulation, which is dated April *9. the garrison were to be prisonera of war, to be conduced to some port of North America subject to the crown of Spain, and to give their parole not to bear arms against his Britannic Majesty till exchanged; the British forces were to be put in possession of the principal gate of the fort between the hours of four and five after noon, at which place centinels should be kept, to prevent the Indians committing any irregularities; and the garrison was to march out, colours flying, drums beating, lighted matches, muiket and fide arms, with two rounds each man, to the foot of the glacis, opposite the iouth front of the castle, where they should pile up their arms and accoutrements (the officers keeping their swords); the officers and soldiers were allowed to keep their baggage and money, but every slave to be detained for the use of his Britannic Majesty; and the garrison were to be allowed to carry with them all such ornaments and effects as were nec^fTary to their religion and mode of worship.

There were taken prisoners, i captain, and governor, i lieutenant, 2 fub*lieutenants, 1 captain of engineers, 1 chaplain, 1 surgeon, 3 serjeants, 3 drummers, 9 corporals, 17 soldiers of artillery, 1 cadet, 31 Spanifti soldiers, 61 soldiers of colour, 17 batteaux-men, 6 slaves, women and children, 3 malefactors, 17 women , 13 children, 1 mailer-carpenter, 1 carpenter, 1 blacksmith, 2 masons, 25 wood-cutters, 1 corporal of ditto, a officers and chaplains servants, 14 taken at the advance-post.

The British loss was 9 killed and 6 wounded, (none of them officers), of the 60th and 79th regiments, the Loyal Irish, and the Jamaica volunteers. — The garrison held out from the xath of April till the 29th.

lad/

July 17*0. POETICAL ESSAYS. %ti

JLady Cm avbn, an dreaming fav> Heart at btr Jett.

Written by

Hen Nature, tir’d with thought, was funk

f Kft,

And all my fcofes were by deep possest;

Sweet sleep, that soft and balmy comfort brings Alike to beggars and despotic kings ;

I dreamt of peace 1 never felt before,

1 dreamt my Heart was lying on the floor.

1 viewed it, Orange to tell! with joyful eyes, And, stranger still, without the lead surprise ! Elated with the fight, I finding fat.

Exulting o’er the victim at my feet

But loon with words of anguish thus add re ft 'This painful, sweet disturber of my bread.

“ Say, busy, lively, trembling, hopping thing, Wlut new disaster haft thou now to bring, , To torture with thy fears my tender frame, 'Who xnuft for all her ills thee only blame ? Speak now, and tell me why, ungrateful guest, For ten years past haft thou denied roe rest ? That in my bosom thou waft nurs’d, *tis true, And with my life and with my stature grew.

At first so ftnall were all thy wants, that I Vainly imagin’d I could ne’er deny Whatc’et thy fancy allt’d. — Alas! but now I find thy wants my ev’ry sense outgrow ;

And ever having, ever wanting more,

A power to please, to give, or to adore.

Say, why, like other Hearts, dost thou not bear 'With callous apathy each worldly care

Why dost thou fhrick at Envy’s horrid cries ? In thee Companion Hatred’s place supplies. Why not with malice treat malicious men ? Why ever pity where thou (hou’dft condemn ? Why, at the hearing of a dismal tale,

Dost thou with sorrow turn my beauty pale ? Why, when distress in any shape appears,

Dost thou dissolve my very foul in tears

Why in thy secret folds is Friendship bred

In other hearts its very name is dead.

Why. if keen Wit and learned Senfc draw nigh, Dost thou with emulation beat so high ;

And whiW approving, with 10 be approv’d And wheo you love, with more to be bclov’d? Why not, in cold indifference ever clad.

Alike, unmov’d, regard the good and bad ? Why dost thou waftc my youthful bloom with care.

And faciifice royfelf, that I may {hare Distress in others ? Why wile thou adorn Their days with rose>, and leave me a thorn?” But here I saw it heave an heavy sigh.

And thus in fweetcfl founds it did reply.

Ah! cease, Eliza! cesfe thy speech unjust, Thy Heart has e’er fulfill’d its sacred trust;

Ana ever will its tender manGon feive.

Nor can it from thee this rcproach deserve: Again ft my thftates murm’ring have I found. Which thus hat laid me bleeding on the ground. Compare thyself in this fame hour depriv’d Of this soft Heart, from whence are all deriv’d

The fame bewitching graces which adorn.

And make thy face appear like beauteous mom: With me its brilliant ornaments are fled,

And all thy features, like thy foul, are dead, *Tis I that make thee others pleasures (hare/ And in a Gfter’s joy forget thy care.

*Tis by my dictates thou art taught to fipd A godlike pleasure in a godlike mind ;

That makes thee oft relieve a straoger’s woes. And often fix those friends that would be foes. ’Tis I that tremblingly have taught thine ear To cherish Music; and ’tis 1 appear In all its softest dress, when to the hearts Of all beholders my dear voice imparts Harmonic drains: ’tis not because ’tis fiye.

For every note that’s felt is surely mine.

In fraootheft numbers all that 1 indite,

For ’tis I taught thy fearful hand to write S My genius has with watchful care supplipd What education to »by sex denied ;

Made Sentiment and Nature all combine.

To melt the reader in each flowing line.

Till they in words this feeling truth impart, She needs no more who will confuit the Heart; And own m reading what is writ by thee.

No study ever could improve like me.

And when thy bloom is gone, thy beauty flown. And laughing youth to wrinkled age is grown. Thy actions, writings, friendship, which I gave, Still shall remain an age beyond the graye. Then do not thus displac’d let me remain.

But take me to thy tender bread again.”.

*Yes, soft peifuader (I return’d), I <vill; And if I am deceiv’d, deceive me still!”,

Seduc’d I was in hade; then {looping low, Soou reinstated my sweet, pleating foe ;

And waking, found it had nor left nor more Than all the joys, the pangs it had before 1

The Right Honourable Authoress.

ON the top of the flow’r-dcck’d pretical Mount ,

A TenthMufe I dare, fans offending, tO'tount, Apollo who no way disgraces.

In wit her Nine lifters by far {he excells,

For charms flie outrivals the first of our belles. United in her all the Graces.

“ I know her full well, cries the Cyprian Queen ’Tis Craven,my favourite beautyt you mean.”

The Doctors.

T> Oor Britain, torn with rank difeale,

* (Of Patriots caught) look’d round for case, Implor’d assistance. — At her name Doctors of each description came.— ,

These held a box of potent pills—

Scourers, they said, for lurking ills,

Wou’d drive each megrim from the brain.

And make her bosom found again. r

While Those, a black and baneful crew. Nought cou’d prescribe, nor aught urou'ddo— But gave her over to her Fats.—

In hopes xo plunder her Estate. Z. Z»

Parnujfus,

itz POETICAL

Bam m on d to Emma, ni

previous to his going abroad.

From Emma Corbet; or, The of Civil

'mar. 3 vols. umo.

GO, ingenious artids, to her,

All ambitious to be prest ;

Dear difelofers of sensation!

Agents of the gentle bread.

“Whiter than your whited feather.

Is the hand which you’ll embrace ;

Yet more white the fair afleidion,

Whose emotion' you shall trace.

' Go, and take a charge upon you,

Parting tender, passing dear;

Oh, the trud you bear is wondrous!

Gentle agents, be fine ere.

Every sacred feerct making,

Gods! how precious yc will prove!

Softed sympathies imparting.

Are ye not the plumes of Love

When fird floating on the river,

Lovely was your limpid way;

Lovely was the diver surface.

Lovely was your wat’ry play.

But for padime dill more lovely.

Your sweet feathers now I fend;

What so lovely, prithee tell me,

As the service of a friend

Faithful to the fair deposits,

Your lead drokc shall reach my heart!

Jo its elegant recedes,

Shall be fixt what you impart.

Then, dear indruments, 1 charge ye.

Often tempt my Emma’s eyes;

Bid her press your downy feathers.

Bid her speed the (oft replies.

Not the plumes which line her pillow Half so deliaatc dull prove,

(When all kind her pulles tremble)

As your downy ihatis of Love.

Ye shall note her joy and anguish.

Gentle agents, be sincere!

Send me half each drop of sorrow ;

Rob me not of half each tear.

Beauteous as the dews of morning.

When they bathe the lovely llow’r,

Are the lucid drops of feeling.

When from fondness falls the show’r. Mark, I claim my jud division,

Mark, I promise jud return;

Some of your white-wing’d associates Mod inform her how I mourn.

When long leagues our persons fever,

Yc our wiflies {lull convey;

Ye shall tell the pangs of parting.

Ye shall mark the meeting day.

Save me, pow*rs! that drike the pulfcs, When invades the quick surprise,

ESSAYS. Vol. 42.

Yonder comes the gentle Emma,

Hither (lie di raffs her eyes.

How the feather I am using

Trembles to the trembling heart! Agents, here behold a pattern!

See a sample of your art.

Thus to me were Emma writing,

(And her thoughts like Henry’s kind) Sympathy would duke each feather.

All expressive of the mind.

Go then, take this charge upon yon. Parting tender, parting dear.

Oh, the charge you bear it woodrous ! Gentle agents be (incere.

VE R S ES fentby a Gentleman to his wi:* j present of a Knife. (4 s. 337 ]

A Knife, dear girl, cuts love, they say; — Merc modish love, perhaps ic may ;

For any tool of any kind,

Cto separate what was never join'd.

The knife that cuts our love in :tvo.

Will have much tougher work to do;

Mud cut your fofinefs, worth, and (pint, Down to the vulgar size of merit;

To level yours with modern tade.

Mud cut a woiltl of sense to wade ;

And from your single beauty's dore.

Clip what would dizen out a score.

The fe f-fame blade from me mud fever Sensation, judgement, fight, for ever;

AH memoiy of endearments pad.

All hope of comforts long to lad ;

All that makes fourteen years with you,

A summer; — and a short one too;

AH that aflfcdlion feels, and fears.

When hours, without you, seem like years.— Till that be done (and I’d as soon Believe this knife will chip the moon)

Accept my present undeterr'd.

And leave their proverbs to the herd.

It in a kiss — delicious treat! —

Your lips acknowledge the receipt;

Love, iond of such lubdaotial fare.

And proud to play the glutton theie,

All thoughts of cutting will difdaiu,

Save only,— Cuttend come again.

EPIGRAM, in allusion to Martial.

The Curate to his RcRor, upon receiving from b:m a hamper of Apples, the greater part of which were bud.

Sunt bona mala mihi, (ervo mcdioctia, poetic

Ptffima; fie totam pafeis, amice, domum.

Tub good fruit for me, the mean for my

slave,

The word you dclign my gruntlings shall have. *Twas wifely contriv'd, and generoully meant; To treat my whole household was, fuie, your intent. W. S.

H r-

July 1780. Affairs in England.

HISTORICAL AFFAIRS. England. [324.]

“ ConflantinopU, Jane 26. According

383

to letters from Bombay, dated March 1 s*received here the 8th instant, the English East-India company’s army, under the command of Gen. Goddard, had taken every place to the northward of Surat, and to the southward of Ama-dabad, the capital of Guzzorat; which was like wife taken by ltorm the 15th of February, with the loss of about 100 men killed and wounded. Gen. Goddard was on his return to the southward, and was within a few miles of the Mah-ratta armies; the generals of which were making proposals of peace, and, as a preliminary, had delivered up two English gentlemen, who had been in their hands for several months.—Sir Edward Hughes was arrived with hisfqua-dron at Madrass; and all the East-India fleets which failed from England in March and May 1779* were likewise arrived in different ports in India, not a ship being missing.” Land.

Under an article, dated, Admiralty-office, July 29. we have an extract of a letter from Capt. John Harvey, of the Panther, to Mr Stephens, dated, Gibraltar bay, June 8. viz.

“ Nothing material has happened here necessary for their Lordships information, lince Com. Elliot failed, till the 7th instant; when, about one in the morning, his Majesty’s ship Enterprise, whose captain I directed to moor northward of the New Mole, to prevent any attack on the ships and vessels here, made the signal of an enemy’s approach. Seven ships or vessels were immediately perceived to be set on fire, and coming towards the New Mole. Some of those fireships drove; and the others were, by the boats of the Enterprise, St Fermin and ordnance-transports, all towed by two o’clock to the southward of the New Mole. The largest went on shore in Rofcia bay. Four of them drifting towards the Panther, lying off Rofcia, her boats were sent to grapple them; which they soon effe<5ted, and towed them on shore. At half pad two, discovering two vessels making towards the Panther, several guns, with round and grape ffiot, were fired at them; on which they were set on fire. The boats, without difficulty, in a little time, towed them clear: PPC of them, a brig, jrot on fhoic at

Europa point; the other, a ship, drove to sea. Though the enemy had the most favourable wind, weather, &c. for their purpose, you will please to acquaint their Lordships, not the lead damage has been done to the shipping, nor had we a fin-gle man hurt. A constant fire from all the ships and the garrison was kept up on the enemy’s gallies and boats, which were very numerous; but the darkness of the night prevented our discovering what execution was done. By what remains of the several vessels, and the species of stores and combustibles unconfu-med, it is evident no labour or expence has been spared in their equipment. The larged ship is about 1x7 feet in the keel, had two tier of ports, and was about the size of a fifty-gun ship. One ship appeared to be of about 300 tons, another of about 200, four brigs, and two small vessels.

By the flames of the fireships we observed several ships standing off and on the entrance of the bay, which at daylight we found to be the Spanish Rear-Adm. Barcelo, in a 0>ip of the line, with two frigates, and several xebecks and other armed vessels. They failed in the night from AIgtfir, with a view of intercepting any snip that might have been obliged to go out of the bay. A ship of ttie line likewise failed the day before from that place to the eastward, as is supposed with the fame design. In the morning the Spanish Admiral, with the frigates and xebecks, returned and anchored at Algcfir, where he now remains.

I cannot conclude my letter without-requesting that you will be further plea-fed to inform their Lordships, that the officers and company of his Majesty’s ship under my command behaved with the greatest steadiness and resolution, particularly the officers and people in the boats, who grappled and towed off the fireships, notwithstanding the frequent cxplolions of shells, 6cc. The behaviour of Capt. Leflic, the officers and company of his Majesty’s ship Enterprise, was equally exemplary, not only for their vigilance in discovering and keeping a good fire on the enemy, which in a great measure was the means of frustrating their attempt, but likewise for the vity of their officers and people in the boats, towing oft' the fireships, &c. Capt. Faulknor, of his Majesty’s floop St Fermin, then lying in the Mole, like-

wifo

3?4 Afluirs in England. Vo?. 42.

wife gave great assistance with his boats. The officers superintending, matters and crews of the Dutton, Nottingham, Fricndship, and Union ordnance-transports, did great service, not only by keeping up a very smart fire on the enemy’s gallies, &c. but also in fending their boats to assist in towing off the fire-ships,”

A letter, dated, Gibraltar, June 7. gives an account of the Spanish and British naval force there when the above affair happened, viz. “ The Spanish naval force here is composed of five line-of-battle ships, three frigates, and five xe-becks, befidea their gallies and small craft; while ours coofifls only of the Panther of 60 guns, Gibraltar of 16, Enterprise 28, and the Fortune and St Permian, of 16. The two first are stationed off Bonayifta, for the laudable purpose of affitting vessels in getting in here, which Hervey is moil alert in doing, as often as in his power. The St Permian keeps in the New Mole to protect the Spanish prizes left here by the fleet; and the frigate and floop are, by Hervey’s express written orders, constantly anchored between the New Mole and Ragged Staff, without fide of all the other ships, for their protection, and to give the alarm in cases of danger.”

Under another article, dated, Admiralty-office, July 18. we have an extract of a letter from Adm. Geary, commander in chief of a squadron of his Majesty’s ships employed to the westward, to Mr Stephens, dated, at sea, July 5. viz.

“ Monday, the 3d instant, the Monarch, being ahead on the look-out, at ten a. m. made the signal for seeing a fleet of twenty-five fail; which judging to be a squadron of the enemy’s flrips of war, and that no time might be loft, I immediately ordered a general chace, which was continued all that day. At five p. m. the Monarch made the signal to denote that (he passed the fternmost of the enemy’s ships without securing them; as soon afterwards did the Foil-droyant, and feme others of the head-most fiiips; and at the same time we could plainly discover from the Victory’s Mast-head, that they were nearly up with the rest of the enemy’s ships. Soon after seven a thick fog unfortunately came On, and I shortened fail in order to close with the ships nearest me, fleering the fame course under an cafy fail until daylight the morning after. I with piraCure acquaint their Lyrdships, that all the

ships have since rejoined me, except the Monarch and Defence, which I am informed were left in chace of the enemy’s ship of war, under whose protection the convoy had failed.

The fleet which we chafed, proves to be a convoy from Port au Prince, of between twenty-five and thirty fail, under convoy of the Fier of fifty guns, and a large ship armt en Flu; of which the

vessels named in the inclosed lift have been captured; and had it not been for the sudden coming on of the fog at the hour I have mentioned, it is my opinion that every ship of them would have been taken.

A Lift of prizes

Brig Le Jeon Francois, by the Monarch.

Ship Le Comte D’ElLing, by ditto.

Ship Le Hazard, by the Profcrpine.

Poiacre Eleonora, by the Ambuscade.

Ship Maria Teresa, by the Diaoa.

Ship Count D’Argout, by the Canada.

Ship Courier, by the Royal George.

Poiacre Cofmopolite, by the Queen.

Snow Voyageur, by the Foudroyaut.

Ship St Bartholomew, by the Prince George. Ship (name unknown) by the Defence.

Poiacre Le Solitaire, by the Alfred.

The above vessels are chiefly laden with sugar, coffee and indigo.”

And under an article, dated, Admiralty-office, July 22. we have an extract of a letter from the Hon. Capt. Waldc-i grave, of his Majesty’s ship La Pru-, dente, to Mr Stephens, dated, Spithead, July 18. viz.

“ Qn the 4th instant, being on a cruize, with the Licornc in company, at ten o’clock a. m. Cape Ortugal then bearing south and by weft, distance twenty-four leagues, the Licorne made the signal for seeing a fail in the N. W.; and a thick fog then dispersing, we discovered a large ship bearing down to us. I immediately made the signal to chafe; soon after which, the chace hauling her wind, being then only fix miles distance from us, we clearly discovered her to be a large frigate; which, from her construe-tion, we concluded to be French.

As we had light winds and calms the whole day, it was half pall eleven p. m. ere I found myself within close piftoL {hot of her. The signals Ihe now made, both with rockets and lights, convincing me that {he was an enemy, I immediately began to engage her; and at half

f>aft four a. m. fhc hauled down her co-ours to his Majesty’s ships La Prudcate and Licorne.

She

Jvily 1780. Affairs in England. 38£

She proved to be La Capricietife, a French frigate, eight days from L’Orient, Y>ierccd for guns, but mounting only 31; complement 308 men. She was launched in March lad, measured 1100 Cons, and was one of the finclt frigates I erver saw.

I am very sorry to say, that the condition of the prize was inch as rendered it impracticable to escort her to England. Indeed the very heavy loss 1 had sustained in the adiion, and unfortunately having twenty sick on shore, and many on board, made it absolutely impoflihle for me to give her the necessary assistance for that purpose; I therefore, after removing the prisoners, set her on fire.

Finding from the condition of my fiiio the utter impolTibility of executing my orders, I have therefore given directions to Capt. Ca<logan, the commander of his Majesty’s ship Licorne, to put them into immediate execution.

notwithstanding our Teeming fiiperi-ority, I hope the return of the killed and wounded will sufficiently evince, that my officers and ship’s company have acquitted themselves in 4hc most gallant and spirited manner. Indeed I feel it is impossible to do justice to their merits.

In justice to Lieut. Binks of the marines, I must beg leave to observe to their Lordships, that his party behaved with the utmost Itcadinefs and bravtry,keeping up a regular and constant fire from the beginning of the action, till necessity called them to the great guns, where they shewed an equal share of spirit and good order.

But while I am thus giving those well-deserved encomiums to his Britannic Majesty’s subjects, I should feel myself in honour bound to give his enemies, oil this occasion, the merits they are so truly deserving, did not the condition of their ship, and the heavy loss they have l'uftained, sufficiently speak their praises. 1 must beg leave to add, in honour of M. de Cherval, who commanded La Ca-pricieufe at the time ihc surrendertd, that the colours were not hauled down till the ship had five feet water in her hold. '

M.de Ranfanne and M. de Fontaine, the first and fecund captains, both fell in the action: but as to their farther loss, we are as yet ignorant, being unacquainted With the number of prisoners on board the Licorne; but from a rough calculation of their officers, they must have at It a ft 100 killed and WUUi ded.

Voir.XMI.

It is with infinite concern that I acquaint their Lordships, that Lieut. Ellison (lands foremost on the lift of the wounded, having been very severely brui-fed in the back, and his right arm carried off by a (hot. I must beg leave to recommend his misfortune, and the great intrepidity he shewed during the action, to their Lordships most particular attention.

Killed and Wounded on board La

Killed: Mess John Difinond, Richard Montgomery, Thomas England, and William, Difinond, midfiiipmeu, u Teamen, and r marine, is 17.

Wounded: Mr Ellifou, fecoitd lieutenant. Mr William M'Carty midftiipraan, i$ Teamen, and marines is 31.— Since dead of their wounds, 1 Teamen, and t marine.

Killed and Wounded in La Piudeme 48.

Ju the Licorne, killed 3, Wounded 7, is 10.

Our Jamaica fleet, confuting of upwards of 150 fail, convoyed by the Lyon, of 64 suns, the San Carlos, of .50 guns, and two Hoops of war, arrived safe 011 the English coast about the noth of July, all safe, not one ship milling; the whole computed to be worth two millions Sterling.

On the 45th of July failed from St Helen’s, the Royal George, the Godfrey, the Hilliborough, the Gatton, and the Mountftuart, for the East Indies, and large fleet of lllips for Jamaica, under convoy of the Buffalo, Capt. Cotton, of 60 guns; the Inflexible, Capt. Rayner, of 64; the Alarm, Sir Richard Pearson; the Thetis, Capt. Linzee; and the Southampton, Capt. Garner, of 31 guns each.

A fleet for the West Indies, confining of 104 fail, which failed from Corlce ort the 14th of April, arrived safe at Barbadoes on the 26th of May.

The following is computed to be (nearly at lead) the (late of the European navies now on foot: Great Britain, 98 fail of the line; France, 7; Spain, 46; Pdrtug.il, 5; Holland, 13; Ruffin, 26; Sweden, la; Denmark, it. The (mailer ships are not so ealily ascertained, but they may be rated proportionately.

Gen. Prcvoft from Georgia landed at Exeter on the 19th of July, was introduced to the King on the 26 th, and was graciously received.

“ London, July 24. A few nights a-go an extraordinary board of Treasury was held at Whitehall, at which it was determined, immediately to send out a 1 the civil officers of the provinces of -.:a*

3 C tol u

386 Affairs in England and Scotland. V0I.4U

rolina and Georgia to their respective employments. It was also determined to fend home as many refugees as might return to those parts with safety, providing them with money, necessaries, and conveyance. Their Lordships did not rife until twelve o’clock; and the next morning early orders were sent to the several parties; which were no doubt received with joy, as many of them have been long in the utmost distress.”

The freedom of the city of Corke has , been presented to the Earl of Hillfbo-rough and to Lord North, to each in a gold box. — On that of the Earl of Hillsborough, which was presented on the 13th of July, the inscription was, “ To the Earl of Hillsborough, the first act of whose miniltry completed what it had been the business of his life to promote, the happiness and prosperity of Ireland: The freedom of the city of Corke is presented as a tribute of national gratitude to the ornament and the pillar of his country.” — On that of the Lord North, which was presented on the sift of July, the inscription was, To Lord North, in whose administration, and by the exertion of whose abilities, commercial rights have been re- stored to this kingdom, on constitutional principles, and commercial favours bellowed of the utmost magnitude, the freedom of the city of Corke is presented as a tribute of gratitude to the pro-te<stor of the commerce, assertor of the liberties, the patriot and friend of Irb-1* AND.”

Scotland. [330.]

On Sunday, June 25. Lyon Michael, glass-cutter, a Jew, born in Germany, who has resided a good many years in Edinburgh, was publicly baptized, by Dr Andrew Hunter, Profeffor of Divinity, before a very crowded congregation, in the New Gravfriars church of that city. He is about thirty-two years of ace, and has been about four years married to a woman of this country, of ‘the religion of the dtablithed church. Though fcrongly attached to Jewifm at his marriage, he hn< for fometimepaft frequently attended divine worthip in the churches both of Glasgow and Edinburgh; so that his change of religion is rot a tiling done suddenly. By different conversations with him, Dr Hunter was fully convinced of his perfuation of the truth of the Christian religion, and attachment to its intcrells. ile (howed

the Doltor a confession of his faith, and signed it in his presence: and on being aiked, if it was his own compolition, he answered, that he had written it in Hebrew, and had got one to translate it for him into English. — Dr Hunter on this occasion preached from Alts ii. 41, first clause of the verse. Before the baptism he read Mr Michael’s confession of faith, and he gave the young Christian a suitable exhortation.—We have been favoured with a copy of the confession, and insert it, viz.

“ 1 Lyon Michael, a native of Pruf-fia, was born and bred a jew; and have lived, till of late, in the strictest conformity to their law. But, after mature deliberation within myself, I an now convinced, that the ceremonial law, and all its observances, are now quite done away: And I solemnly profess, before God and this congregation. That I believe with my heart, that Jesus Chrifk is the only Son of God, the true Mef-fiah; and believe, that he came into the world in the fullness of time, to take a* way fin, by the sacrifice of himself; and that he really suffered and died on the cross, was buried, and rose again from, the dead, and aicended into heaven; where he (till continues to make inter-eession for his people. And I likewise believe, that he is God and man in one person; and that he will come again, in the end of time, to judge the world; when he will reward the just, and eternally punish the wicked.-Being the re-

fore deeply convinced of these truths from the Sacred Scriptures, I hereby, in pretence of the Almighty God, and this people, solemnly renounce my former profrifion of Jewifm, and cordially embrace Christianity, as the true religion; and will, in a humble dependence upon divine grace, endeavour to regulate my conduct by its precepts to my life’s end.

LyonMichael.”

Several persons in Scotland who had exerted themselves in oppoling any relaxation of the tows against Popery, have been examined by order of a secretary of state, concerning their eorrcspondence with Lord George Gordon. Mr Ralph Bowie, secretary of the committee of eorrcspondence at Edinburgh, and Mr David Grant, preacher of the gospel, and one of the matters of Watson’s hospital, a member of that committee, were examined, by the Sheriff of the county of Edinburgh and the Solicitor-General, on the ijth of July; John Pa-

teifon.

Jdy 1780. Affairs in Scotland. Captures. 387

terfon, prefes of the eighty-five societies C119.] of Glasgow, was examined, by the Sheriff of that county, on the 19th, and delivered to the Sheriff all Lord George*8 letters; and the Rev. Mr Charles Nifbet, one of the ministers of aVlontrofc, was examined on the 21ft.

In the end of June an advertisement appeared in the Edinburgh papers, for a meeting of persons qualified to serve as jurymen in the judiciary or circuit courts, to be held in the parliament-house, Edinburgh, on the ift of August, to take under consideration the Litter to Lord Brax-field and to concert measures for

afierting the rights and privileges of jurymen. ----- P. S. But the meeting did not,

bold.

Charles Cox, a soldier in the 31st foot, who was sentenced by the high court of justiciary to be hanged on the 24th of May, in Edinburgh, for (hop-breaking, but was recommended to mercy by the jury, has got a pardon.

On Wednesday, May 17. sixty pipes of French brandy were imported at the Broomielaw, Glasgow, out of the Triton, Thomas Martindale master, from Dublin, for which the duties were paid at the custom-house and excise-office in Glasgow. This is the first importation at that place, it being now a port independent from that of Port-Glasgow.

About two o'clock in the morning of Friday, May 5. the theatre in Glasgow was discovered to be on fire. It was near three quarters of an hour before a-«y material assistance could be procured, and the inside of the building, together with the Wardrobe, Scenery, &c. were entirely consumed.

“ Edinburgh, April 22. It is with pleasure we can inform the public, that the great canal, from the baton, as far as Auchintarrie bridge eastward, is comprehended within the district of Glasgow. Entries for good9 to and from foreign parts, are now admitted at the custom-house there, and officers appointed to the shipping at the Broomielaw and Hamilton-hill. This privilege will prove of great utility, both to the coasting and foreign trade.”

“ London, July 31. The QueeD has

been pleased to settle a pension of 2001. per annum on Dr Hugh Blair, one of the Ministers of Edinburgh, as a mark of the pleasure her Majesty received in perusing the sermons lately published by that Rev. gentleman.” [108.]

CAPTURES. [333.]

From the London

By British men of -war, &c.

By Admiral Geary’s fleet in the channel, tx French merchant ships. — See the Admiral’s account. [384]

By the La Prudente, Capt. Waldegrave, and the Licorne: La Capricieufe, a French frigate, pierced for guns, but mounting only ix. She maintained an obstinate fight for several hours, and had about 100 men killed and wounded. The condition of the prize was such, as rendered it impracticable to escort her to England; (lie was therefore, after removing the prisonets, set on fire. There were killed and 13 wounded, on board the La Prudente, and 3 killed and 7 wounded on board the Licorne. [384.]

By Commodore Johnstone’s squadron, off Lilbou: The Artois French frigate, of 40 guns and 474 men, taken by the Romney, after a clofc action of lulf an hour, in which there were 9 killed and s6 wounded on board the Artois, and 3 wounded on board the Romney: and the Eulalie, of 18 guns and loo men, bouud from Bourdeaux to Port au Prince, laden chiefly with wine and flour, taken by the ./Eolus, in company with two privateer cutters.

By the Nonsuch, Capt. Sir James Wallace: Three ships, on the French coast, taken, and a fourth burnt, after taking out a part of her loading. He then gave chace to three frigates, and came up with only one one of them, via. La Beiie Poule, of 3* guns and 175 men, which he engaged vciy close for upwards of two hours before (lie struck. There were 14 killed and 50 wounded on board the La Belle Poule, and } killed and 10 wounded on board the Nonfucli. Jt was this ship that began hostilities in an cng*£cment with the Areihufa, one of Adm. Keppei’s frigates. [40. 325 ]

Vice-Adm. Sir Peter Parker, commander in chief on the Jamaica (Ution, in a letter to the Admiralty, of May i<S. transmitted a lid of thirty prizes taken by the ships undei his command, from the i8ih of November 1779, to the fitll of April 1780: [40. 564.] Of which the Punch tender took 14; the Resource, Lyon, Hound, and Loweftoffe, xeach; the Salifbuty . ud Pallas, 1 each; the Pallas and squadron t, the Ruby and fquadtpn 1, the Ruby and Pallas 1, the Phoenix and Pallas t, the Janu«v Bristol, and Lyon, 1, and the Niger, Pomona, Jamaica, and Port Morant armed (loop 1. One of these is joo tons, so guns, and 397 men, from Cadiz to Omoa, with brass cannon, shot, &c.; another, of 350 tons and »o guns, a third of 230 tons and jo guns, the rest atc from 100 to xS *ons» 3 C A 4X1(1

388

and loaded chiefly with sugar, coffee, cotton, lumber, and different kinds of provisions

See. See.

From Lloyd's Marine Lift.

By British men of war. &c.

By the Nonsuch: The Huffar French privateer, of 18 nint-pounders and iao men* carried into Plymouth.

By the Romney and the Fnterprife, part of Commodore Johnilon’s fleet: A Swede,

laden with wheat for Cadiz, sent into Lif-bon.

By the Fnterprife: A Dtrch gallior, from Cadiz to Ostend, laden with Spanish wool, wine, &c. carried into Falmouth.

By the Carysfort frigate: The Liefde, a 3X»tch fltip, from Dantzick to Botudeaux, with planks and spart.

By British priv, &e.

By the Fame privateer of Greenock, Capt. Tife: A French floop, near the island of St Kitts. The Fame took another prize a lhort time before the above. (

By the Admiral Edwards privateer, Capt. Wurdon: An American schooner, for America, with salt, wine, and bale goods, carried into Dartmouth.

By the Union of Pool, the Rambler of Cuernftry, and the Alarm of Jersey, privateers: La Veirge Maria, of zoo tons and 8 guns, from Bourdeaux to Cape Francois, laden with wine, biandy, and linen.

By the Endeavour privateer of Jersey: A Trench brig from Havre to Caen, laden vith wheat, carried into jersey.

Ry the Hypocrite, Benyon: La Virgin

del Carmen, from Sc Andcro to Cadiz, carried into Liverpool.

By the Sally and Rachel letter of marque. Opt. Hays: The Zorge. fiom Alrcant to

Ostend, laden with barilla, raisins, wine, See.; the Emanuel, from Riga to Marfcilles, with wheat, cordage. c- carried into Fal-Tnouth; the Friendship, from Petc*fburg to Tourdeanx, laden with hemp and iron, carried into Weymouth; and the juihow Wo-bither, fiom Bremen to Bourdeaux, with deals.

By the Achilles privateer: The Fairy,

Capt. Webber, fiom London to Quebec, retaken*

The Thetis, one of the Jamaica fleet, taken off Newfoundland and carried into Po-flen, is retaken by the Oliver Cromwell, and carried into St Kitts.

By the Mary and Elisabeth privateer of Folkstone: The Eiifabeth, Burnet, from Li-bi\v for Berwick, retaken, and carried iuto Dover.

By a Jersey cutter: A French St Domingo Jship, sent into Lisbon.

‘ By the Mercury privateer: The brig

VoL4*

Nancy, from London to Quebec, retake^ apd sent into Bristol.

By the Eagle, Afttton, from LiverpoAJ: Two prizes, carried into the West Indies.

By the Dolphin, Ford: The LightChaffc* Maree, caniedimo Penzance.

By the General Conway privateers The Anne brig, from Glasgow to St Auguftiae, with provisions. Scc. and a (loop, name un-- known, both retaken, and sent into Jeifey.

By the Fricndship privateer: A galliot from Cadiz to the Groyne, with {alt, carried into Dartmouth.

By the Frf, &c.

The Union, Philips, from Lisbon for New York, carried into New London.

The Betly, Ogilvic, from London for New York, carried into Salem.

The Eagle packet, from London to the East Indies, carried into the West Indies; the mail destroyed.

The Minerva, Penny, from Halifax to Surinam, carried into Philadelphia.

The Adventure, Midford, from Madeira to Antigua, carried into Martioico.

The Hume, M’Lean, from Jamaica for New York, carried into Newport.

Taken, but whether carried not mentioned: The packet for Ostend.

The Albion, Hutchinson, from Liverpool to Archangel, sent for Boston, also, the Speedwell, Tcafe, from Peterhead to Norway, by three American letter* of marque. They gave the Speedwell to Capt. Hutchinson, and put the prisoners on boatd her, who is arrived at Inverness.

The Favourite, Howard, from London to Waterford; and the — - Crofthwatt, from Beltaft to London; both carried into Dieppe.

The Golden Eagle privateer of London, Capt. Scott, carried into Biiboa.

The Atftive privateer of Pool, carried into Bred.

The Richard and Mary, from Penzance to Plymouth, sent for France.

The Pallas of Liverpool, of i fix -pounders, carried in»o Rochtord.

The Nelly (loop, for Lisbon, with wheat; and the Juno, of to fix-pounders, with wine and lait, for Quebec, both burnt.

The Dcvouflme, Patten, from London to New York, carried into Rochelle.

The Catharine, Murdoch, from Glasgow to Jamaica; the Venus, M‘Daniel, from ditto to Georgia; and two brigs, names unknown, all carried into i’Orient.

The Brownhall, Nelbit, taken at Mobile.

The Provitlcnfe, Deber.ham, from Liverpool to Yarmouth, earned into Boulogne.

The Padmore, Williams, from Chester to London, with iron-ordnance.

The Ilihi'borough Packet, from Jamaica

to

Capture*

July 1780. Captures, Marriages, Births, and Deaths. 389

to London. The mail was thrown overboard.

Three floops, hatnes unknown, taken off Poole, by a French row-boat.

The Ranger, Molly, from London to Liffon, carried into Cad'z.

The Lady Parker, M‘Dowal, from Georgia to Jamaica, carried into Cape Francis.

The Un;on, Clark, and Kiity, Lyon, both from Liverpool to New York, carried into the bay of Santa Fee, on the Spanish main.

The Industriout Increase, Be van, from Halifax to Jamaica.

Taken, hut ransomed: The John, M‘Dou-gal, from Sligo, for 500guineas; the Thomas, Wilkins, from Corke, for 300 I.; the Ffar^, Roxburgh, from London for Quebec, for 1*50!.; the Betty, Bruce, from Gotten-burg to Aberdeen, for $091.; a vessel from Cornwall, with copper ore, for 130 guineas; the Diligence, for Cornwall, for, 150 guineas; the Neptune, Berry, from Swanfcy, For joo 1.; the Union, Bcwen, for 700 I.; the John, Mortimer, from Liverpool, for 300 J.; the Bachelor, Lee, for rocol.; the Happy Return, Broks, of Lewes, for too guineas; the Stanley, Shirbourne, from Liverpool to Penzance, for aool.; the Resource, Bell, from Milford to London, for aoo guineas; the Garnet, Williams, from Cork to Liverpool, for 500 guineas; the Fanny, Williams, from ditto to ditto, for vco guineas; the Jane and Mary, Machcl, from Whitehaven for Petersburg, for 150 guineas; the Susannah, Lamport, from Corke to Bristol, for 1100 guineas; the Hazard, Lewis, from Milford to Plymouth, the sum not mentioned; the Contentment, Bancroft, from Liverpool to Archangel, for 500).; the John, Rawson, from Memel to 'Whitehaven, for 1000 1.; the Mary, Kin-near, for jeo guineas; the William and John, Ratnfay, from Whitehaven to Waterford, for 500 guineas; the Vigilant, Bound, from Milford to Poole, for 450 1.; the Providence, Pagan, from Liverpool to Chrpftow, for 300 guineas; the Dartmouth, Giles, from Lyroiqgton to Dartmouth, for 601.; the Nancy and Peggy, Cload, from Riga, for 600I.; the Stanley, Shiihorne, from Liverpool 10 Penzance, with salt, for aoo guineas.

The Black Princess captured many of the above, who, with her contort, hid upwards of twenty ranfomers on board at oue time, betides seven fail lent to France.

Marriages.

July 13. At Edinburgh, Mr James Walker writer to the signet, to Miss Jean Hay, daughter of the late Richard Newton of Newton, Esq;

ij. At Gat ton-park, the feat of Loid

Newhaven, Sir Henry Dafliwood, Bt, to Miss Graham, niece to his Lordship, and daughter of the deceased John Graham, latfc of Bengal.

17. Mr William Anderson hookfcller in Stirling to Miss Janet Randall, daughter of Mr Thomas Randal), one of the miniOers of Stirling.

Birth s.

July x. At Shelburne house, the Countess of Shelburne, of a son.

3. At London, the Lady of the Earl of Percy, of a daughter. [41.180.]

5. At Dunkeid, the Duchel's of Athol, of

a daughter.

D B A T H S.

Commodore Collingwood. It appears thft he had been removed, in a weak condition, from the Grafton into the Brilliant frigate at Barbadoes, to take his passage for Europe on the 30th of May lift The latter1 had proceeded only one day on her voyage when the Commodore died.

Junc 17. At New York, Ctpf. Martin, of the Hessian Engineers, deputy quarter-ma-ftei-general to the HcITun troops in America.

At Leeds, in Yorkshire, Mr Wheatley, an eminent clothier, aged 106.

18. At Filter Klchies, John Grant, 'Kfq; of GclIovic.

In the county of Louth, in Ireland, aged r is, Mr Gernon

In South Wales, aged 109, Mr D. War* fam.

30. At Dublin, the Hon. Lieut.-Col. Fr. Napier, commanding officer of the marines.

July 1. At his house in Woolwich Warren, Gen. Bellord, colonel of the ill battalion of the royal regiment of artillery.

4. At his feat at Tervueren, near BruffeU, in the 68th year of hi* age, his Royal Highness Charles-Alexander, Duke of Lorrafti and Bar, Grand Master Of the Teutonic Order, Governor and Captain General of the Austrian Netherlands, &c. &c.

6. At Aberdeen, Jean Lethe, rclisfk of the Rev. Mr David Rae.

6. At Camelon-house, Major John Chalmers Fcrgufon.

At Frampton, in Hants, Mr Robert' Pring, a rich farmer, in the 103d year of his age. He rented one farm 75 years.

10. At Edinburgh, Miss Alice Dundas, daughter of Laurence Dundas, Kfq;

at. At Edinburgh, Mrs Carnegy, reli& of James Carnegy of Finluven.

a 1. At Dalmaghie-house, Miss John Bil-main, eldest daughter of James Balmaiu, Esq; solicitor of excise.

13. Mrs Ann Pringle, daughter of the deceased James Pringle, of Tonvoodlie, Kfq;

*4. John

39° Deaths and Preferments Vol. 42.

24. John Morton, Esq; chief justice of Chester, Attorney-general to the Queen, deputy high steward of the university of Oxford, and member of parliament for Wigan.

a s*At Stirling, in the 70th year of hit age, and 4xd of hit ministry, Mr Thomas Randall, one of the ministers of that borough.

a 6.At his feat of Ross, Robert Buchanan,

Esq; of Drumtnakill.

a8. At her house in Crieff, Mrs Grizel Er-fkinc, daughter of the deceased Charles Are-fkinc of Alva, Lord Justice-Clerk.

a8. At his feat of Auchtermonic, John Bell, Esq; author of Travels through Rutlia.

ap. At his house in Durham, the Rev. Dr Douglas of Cavers.

ap. At London, the Lady of the Earl of Hi 11 (borough.

a9. At the manse of Blair in Athol, Mr Alexander Stewart mtnifter of that parish.

July 30. At Bath, Lady Susannah Hou-floun, relidk of Sir Thomas Honfton.

31. At Brae-house, near Edinburgh, Mr Charles Butter, wright, aged 80.

P R R F E R M ENTS.

From the London

The King has been pleased,

July 8* to present Mr Daniel Rose, preacher of the gospel, to the church and parish of Dingwall, in the county of Ross, vacant by the death of Mr Adam Rofc.

8. to appoint Mr John Pringle, advocate, to be sheriff-depute of the shires of Stirling nnd Clackmannan, in the room of Mr Alexander Abercromby, who has resigned.

11. to appoint James Wallace, Esq; his Majesty's Solicitor-General, to be his Attorney General, [in the room of Alexander Wedderburn, Esq; now Lord Loughborough, and Lord Chief Justice of the court of Common Pleas].

15. to appoint John Heath, Esq; to be one of the Judges of the court of Common Pleas, in the room of Sir William Blackstone, Kt, deceased.

15. to appoint Sir Hugh Palli(er, Bt, to be Matter of Greenwich hospita), and also one of the Commissioners or Governors thereof.

From other &c.

The Hon. Lt.- Gen. Alexander Mackay, is appointed Commander in Chief of the forces in Scotland, in the room of Sir James Adolphus Oughtoo, deceased.

James Mansfield, Esq; King's counfe), is appointed Solicitor-General, in the room of Mi Wallace, now Attorney-Geperal.

Colonel John Campbell is appointed Governor of Milford Haven.

War-office, June ij. nth dragoons; Lieut. Frank Moore to be Qaptainj vice Henry Sayer.

17th foot: Lieut. John Nodes to be Cap. tain of one of the additional companies, vice John M'Pherfoo.

War-officeJuly 8.

79th foot: Capt.-Lieut. William Colvill to be Captain, vice Thomas Dunbar; and Lieut. James Mouofey to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Colvill.

War-office, July ij. 99th regiment of foot.

Colonel: Maj -Gen. Thomas Rainsford. Leutenant-Colonel: Maj. James Balfouc, of dth foot.

Major: Capt. Benjamin Charnock Payne, of 18th foot.

Captains: Capt. Joseph Smith Speer, of late 9ad foot: Capt. Patrick Moore, of 09th foot; Lieut. Francis Mackay, of 75tlx foot; Lieut. Alexander Grant* of 91st foot; Lieut. Robert Campbell, of 38th foot; Lieut. Thomas Mulcaster, of ad foot; and Lieut. Richard Groker, of a8tli foot.

Captain-Lieutenant: Lieut. William Giles, of 34th foot.

War-office, July 18.

33d foot: Lieut. Allan Malcolm, from 43d foot, to be Captain, vice Robert Craine.

43d foot: Lieut. William Morris, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Richardson.

doth foot, xd batt.: Capt.-Lieut. William Richardson lo be Captain, vice John K. Muller.

60th foot, 3d batt.: Lieut. Hans Carden to be Captain, vice Francis DuiEeld; and Lieut. Alexander Brely, from 34th foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice James Roberu

son.

doth foot, 4th batt.: Capt.-Lieut. James Robertson, from 3d bate, to be Captain, vice Taylor Croker.

70th foot: Capt.-Lieut. John Merideih to be Captain, vice Patrick Fcrgufon; and Lieut. James Ingram, from 33d foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice John Merideth.

71st foot: Lieut. Alexander Sutherland to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Charles Campbell; Capt.-Lieut. Alexander Sutherland to be Captain, vice George Munro: Lieut. Harry Munro, from 4id foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Alexander Sutherland; Maj. Alexander M*Donald to be Lieu-tenant-Colooel, vice John Maitland; Capt. Patrick Fergufoo, f{om 70th foot, to be Major, vice Alexander M(Donald; Lieut. Robert Duncanfon to be Captaio, vice Hamilton Maxwell; Capt.-Lieut. Harry Munro to be Captain, vice Norman M'Leod; Lieut. John Robertson, from 4id foot, to be Captain, vice w Macioxofli; and Lieut.

Norma*

July 1780. Preferments^ 39 f

Herman M'Leod, from 4td foot, to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Harry Monro.

Surg. Richard Huddlefton, of7 th foot, to be Apothecary to the General Hospital in North America.

War office, ij.

15th light dragoons: Capt -Lieut. Jonathan Thomas to be Captain, vice Alexander Murray; and Lieut. Evelyn Anderson to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Jonathan Tho-tnas.

tf (ft foot: Capt.-Lieut. Caleb Barne to be Captain, vice Hon. Charles Henry Cadogan; and Lieut. Christopher Nuttal to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice Caleb Barne.

War-office, July a 9.

19th light dragoons: Lieut. Sir James trflune, Bt. of aift dragoons, to be Cap. tain-Lieutenatit, vice Hon. Charles Gunter

Oth foot: Capt. Francis James Scott to be Major, vice James Balfour; Capt.-Lieut. 'William Whifton to be Captain, vice Francis James Scott; and Lieut. James Blath-wayt to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice William Whifton.

rath foot: Lieut. Charles Hastings to be Captain, vice Joseph Collins.

18th foot: Capt.-Lieut. John Peter de Lancey to be Captain, vice Benjamin Char-nock Payne; and Lieut. Francis John Kelly to be Captain-Lieutenant, vice John Peter de Lancey.

Sift foot: Lieut. George Don to be Captain, vice Thomas Green.

69th foot: Capt.-Lieut. Archibald Campbell to be Captain, vice Patrick Moore; and Lieut. John Ker to be Captain-Licute-nant, vice Archibald Campbell.

97th foot: Capt. Nassau Smith, of 88th foot, to be Captain, vice James Sholto Douglas.

88th foot: Capt. James Sholto Douglas, of 97th foot, to be Captain, vice NalTau Smith.

Lieutenant-Colonels in the Army: Lt-Col. James Mark Prevoft, of 60th foot, Atig.. 19. 1777 ? Lt-Col. James Balfour, of ppth foot, Nov 19. 1779; and Lt-Col. William Mae-intofh, of 97th foot, Nov. 30. 1779.

Majors in the Army: Maj. Benjamin Char-nock Payne, of the 99th foot, Aug. as. 1779; Maj. Archibald Kinloch Gordon, of 90th foot, Aug. ax. 1779; Maj. Joseph Duftaux, of 97th foot, Aug. 23. 1779; Maj. Colin Mackenzie, of pad toot, Aug. 24. *779; Maj. Peter Hunter, of 9xd foot, Aug. 25. >779; Maj. Hon. H. F. Stanhope, of 86th foot, Aug. 26. 1779; Maj. John William Egerton, of and dragoons, Aug. 27. 1779; Maj. Jam?s Sufaooa Patton, of 93d foot.

Aug. 28. 1779; Maj. Hon. Charles Cathcart, of 98th foot, Aug. 29. 1779» Maj. John! Campbell, of 96th foot, O^L to 1779; Maj. Mackay Hugh Baillic, of 94th foot, Nov. 27. 1779; Maj. John Joiner Ellis, 08 89th foot, Nov. 29. 1779 i and Maj. Hon. Chat lit Gunter Lcggc, of 96th foot, Nov. 30. 1779.

Colonels in the Army, without permanent rank or halfpay: Col. John Reid, ef 95th foot, O&. 10. 1779; and Col. Wm M(Car-mick, of 93d foot, OdL 11. «779>

Lieutenant-Colonel in the Army, without permanent rank or halfpay: Lt-Col. John Baker Holroyd, of and dragoons, 0&. si. 1779*

Lieutenant-Colonels in the Army, and to take rank during the establishment of the regiments to which they belong: Lt-Col. Sic Thomas Egerton, Bt, of the royal Lanca-shire volunteers, July 2r. 177p* and Lt-Col. Thomas Dundas, of Lord Fauconberg’s regiment, July 22. 1779-

Major in the Army, and to take rank during the establishment of Lord Fauconberg's* regiment: Maj. Robert Paul, of Lord Fauconberg’s regiment, July 22. 1779*

Cornmijponi signed by his Majesty for the army in

Ireland.

Four dated Dec. 24. 1779> wz.

1 ft horse: Lieut. John Hoikins to be Captain, vice Alexander Leckcy, who retires.

13th dragoons: Capt. Anthony Lefroy to be Major, vice James Callander, who retires; and Lieut. Alexander Murray to be Captain, vice Lefroy.

Two dated Jan. 9. viz.

36th foot: Capt.-Lieut. Philip Haste, 06 the 68th foot, to be Captain, vice Dudley Acklaud, promoted.

68th foot: Lieut. Hon. Richard St Legec to he Captain-Lieutenant, vice Philip llafte, promoted.

One dated March 17, viz.

30th foot: Capt. George Ramfty, of the 94th foot, to be Captain, vice James Lee, who exchanges.

Two dated April 7. viz.

9th dragoons: Capt.-Lieut. Arthur Orm£ by, of the 12th dragoons, to be Captain, vice William Adlctcron, deceased.

12th dragoons: Lieut. James Garden, of the 9th dragoons, to be Captain'Lieutenant, vice Arthur Oimfby, promoted.

One dated April 10,

lovalids: Sec -Lieut. Thomas Atkinson, of the Royal Irish artillery, to be Captain, vice Lt-Col. Robert Kingdom

One dated April 12. viz.

66th foot: Lieut. William Brownlow, of the id reg. of horse, to be Qaptaio, vice A-mosVerckcr, who retires.

Ships

L.

39*

Preferments, Prices, Mortality-bill, &c. V0I41.

Ships of war comruijfioned, or new ap*

pointed. [334 J

Ships. Briuonu Ajax

Raifonabl^ Buflaloc Preston "Warwick San Carlos Roebuck Monlicur La Fortune Ambuscade Diana Convert La Blanche L* Atcmene Providence Charlcftown KuiTar Milford Dealcaftte Garland Camel Sphynx Cameleoa Surprifal Helena Port Royal Sylph Star Halifax Antigua Aim a Vesuvius Tluto Furnace

Guns. Commanders.

100 James Bradby 74 J. Symons <$4 S. Child 60 Rowland Cotton jo Wm Trufcott j o H. G. K. Elphinftone jo Hon. T. Pakenham Rd Douglas, oiling 40 Hon. Charles Phipps 40 Hugh C. Christian 31 H. Hugh S. Conway 31 Sir Wm Burnaby, Bt 3* L. Robert son 36 S. Uppleby 3a James Brine 3X J. Henry 3* H. Francis Evans a 8 C.M. Pole a8 Philip Patton 24 James Hawkins 24 James Watt 24 John Pakenham 24 . Francis J. Hartwell id Archibald Walter 18 George Day 14 Francis Roberts 18 Archibald Hayne 18 Geo. Ann Pultency 10 ——. Ingram

x8 Edmund Bower 14 R. B.n'on

bombs J 8 — Gardiner Clements

IFire-/ 8 T. Geary

8 — W tight

larmed] \xo J Thomns

J ft'P» J fxo James Samber

Thomas Langlands, Esq; is appointed by flic RoyaJ Boroughs to be their ageut at London, in place of George Ross, Eiq; who lus tefigued.

On Saturday* June 24. the degree of Doc*, for in Medicine was cooler red on the following gentlemen by the univcility of Edinburgh' Lm‘.jii.]. The titles of their theses 4re annexed to their names respectively.

From America: 1 Nicolas Rotnayne, generation*.

William Mo6tc, De

From Wales:

Trevor Jones, De p

From Ireland:

Jlenry Blake, De hxmorhoide.

Joicph Little, De variola.

Edward. Nugent, Denervofa.

Henry Harris, De morlis John Caldwell, De byjleria.

Rolrert Perceval, De corde.

Kobrrt Hamilton, D: nicotian*

Of Great Britain:

Robert Willan, De jecininflammatione.

Plenty Cullen, De confuetudbie.

Robert Buck, De tfehuri

Will. Charles Wells,

William St Clair, De inferendis.

Andrew Bain, De caufis feb

James Moseley, De peripneumonia Henry Slaughter, De febre puerpcrali.

Prices of grain at Hadding, slug. 4; 1780,

, Beji. Second. Third.

Wheat, 18s. 7 d. 172. d da; ids. 4A

Bear, 15 s. od. 14s. od. t3$. 4d.

Oats, 22s. od. 1 x s. d. 10s. <5A

Pcafe, 9 s. od. 8 s. 0 d. 7s. pA

Edinburgh, Aug. 22. 1780. Oat-meal, pd. A f. Bear-meal, 6d. Peafc-meal,' jd if.

Burials in the Grayfriars churchyard, in July 1780.

Ml1” 4.

It

Female* Ag e. Under 2 Sc S Sc so Sc xo

30

40 8c ‘jo

60 Sc to 8c 80 8c

2

S

so

2d

30

40

So

do

70

80

90

100

Diseases. N*

Aged — 4

Bowelhiye — . . 2

Consumption — to Drowned ' ——- 2

Fever . 7

Inflam, in the throat 2 Small pox 3

Teething —. j

PRICES of STOCKS.

July rj.

Bank Stork, s t<5 r half.

South Sea Old Ann 6 1 3 8?hs. 3 per cent. Bk. ted. 6% 1 8th a 3 8tbs.

3 per cent. Conf. 6% j 8ths.

India Ann 39 r 8th.

4 per cent. -Conf. 62 1 8th a 3 8ths.

Ditto New 1777, 7J 1 8th a 3 8;!is.

India Bonds, 19s. Pr.

Navy and Vidb Bills, 1 r 7 8ths a 3 4'.hs perCf Long Annuities, id j 8:hs.

Scrip. 76 1 half a 3.8ths.

Annuities 1778. 12 3 4ths.

Lottery Tickets, 13 I. 4 s- o d.

July 27.

South Sea Old Ann. do 3 4th’*.

3 percent. Bk red. da x.8th.

3 per cent. Conf dx act 7 8 hs.

4 per cent Conf 62 a di 7bths.

Ditto New 1777, 7J 1 8th a 7S

India Bonds, 22 s. a' 23 s. 1

Navy and Vi&. Bi!ls> 11 3 Sihsperet . Long Annuities, id 7 8th Scrip. 76 i 4th.

Annuities 1778, 12 j 8ths a 9 tdth'«

Lottery Ticket*, 13 1. 4 s. od.

THE

SCOTS M A G A ZINE.

AUGUST, 1780.

C O N T

’Guthrie uu the manner of treating persons afte&ed by Fumes 395.

Ififtii button of (be British Land forces 39f.

A lift of the British Navy, where fU-tiooed, &c. 39 6.—399.

of those of France, Spain, and Russian neutral 400.

An account of the late Tumults, concluded. Blue cockades forbid 401. No French rioters ib. An intended speech Lord Abingdon 40a. rtoth Houses id-journ ib Ld G. Gordon committed 403. A reward offered for discovering rioters 404. Remarks 40$. A tumult at Hath ib- A letter circulated by the I’rotestant affocialion 406. Letters between the Pri-

7 Council and the Lord Mayo; 407, dec.

plan for preserving the peace 408. Letters of Lord Amherst 408, c. A reward offered for discovevivx the instigators of the tumults 41a. The King’s speech to parliament 41a Lords on the tumults 413. Coromon»onditt0 4is. Addreffe»4i6.

ENTS.

Circular letter for discovering the number of Papists 394,

Import and Ex port Trade of Rritain 400.

Executions of the rioters 417.

The progref* of St Domingo island 418.

Parliament. Lords on Ld Andnift’i letters 4t9. Commons on the miiinry a<Sting independently of the civil power 410. on the reformation-bill 4x1. and oa the county-pctkions 413.

Dr Grant on the Gout 413.

America. Arrangement in South Carolina 4x4. An incurfton into the Jersey* 4x5. Martial law declared in Pcnnfylv.iniA ih. New-Yorkers complimented 41 tf. Atfts passed by the Massachuset’s-bay fembly ib. Sea and land forces arrive in North America and the West Indies 4x6*

Portry. The exile4x9. Maxims ib. On Mercury teaching Cupid to read 430 A new hunting-song ib. An epitaph ot two words ib. To Lady Craven’s heart ib« Stanzas to Night ib.

Histori cal Affairs 431.^-448*

Art account of the manner in which

fians treat persons aff by the fumes of

burnitir charcoal%

In a letter from Dr Guthrie of Petersburg, to !)r Prif/lley.

From the Philosophical W.

69. port a. 1779.

Uflian houses arc heated by the means of ovens; and the manner of heating them is as follows. A number of billets of wood are placed in the perch or stove, and allowed to burn till they fall in a jnafs of bright red cinders; then the vent above is lliut up, and likewise the door of the pcech, which optns into the room, in order to concentrate the heat. This makes the tile9 of which the peech is

Vol.XLII.

uy.

R

composed as hot as you desire, and fufli-ciently warms the apartment. But some-» times a servant i3 so negligent as to (hut lip the perch or oven before the wood is sufficiently burnt: for the red cinders should be turned over from time to time to fee that no bit of wood remain of a blackifii colour, but that the whole maf* is of an uniform glare (as if almoit transparent) before the openings are ihut; else the ugar or vapour is lure to succeed to mismanagement of this fort. And its effects are as follows.

If a person lays himself down to sleep in the room exposed to the influence of this vapour, he falls into so found a 11. t p that it is difficult to awake him, but be feels (or is sensible of) nothing. There is no spasm excited in the

3 D or

394 Guthrie on Fumes. Number of Papists inquired into. VoL 42J

or lungs to rouse him; nor does the breathing, by all accounts, seem to be particularly affected; iq (hert, there is no one symptom of suffocation: but towards the end of the catastrophe, a fort of groaning is heard by -people in the next room, which brings them sometimes to the relief of the sufferer. If a person onty fits down in the room, without intention to Deep, he is, after some time, seized with a drowsiness, and inclination to vomit. However, this I aft symptom seldom affects a Ruffian; it is chieAy foreigners who are awaked to their dangers by a nausea: but the natives, io common with strangers, perceive a duH pain in their heads; and if they do not remove directly, which they are often too sleepy to do, are soon deprived of their senses, and power of motion, info-mnch that if no person fortunately dif-dover then* within an hour after this worlt stage, they are irrecoverably loft: for the Ruffians say, that they do not succeed in restoring to life those who have lain more than an hour in a state of infen Ability.

- The recovery is always attempted, and often efi'e&ed, in this manner. They carry the patient immediately out of doors, and lay him upon the snow, with nothing on him but a fhtrt ind linen drawers. His ftomfleh and temples are then well rubbed with snow; and cold water, or milk, is poured down his throat. This friction is continued with fresh snow until the livid hue, which the body had when brought out, is changed to its natural colour, ;ind life renewed.1 Then they cure the violent head-ach which remains, by binding on the forehead a cataplasm of black-rye bread, and vinegar.

In this manner the unfortunate man is perfectly restored, without blowing up the lungs, as is necessary in the case of drowned per Ions; on the contrary, they begin to play of themselves ft> soon as the surcharge of phlogiston makes its escape from the body.

It is well worthy of observation, how diametrically opposite the modes are of restoring to life those who are deprived of it by water, and those who have loft it by the fumes of charcoal; the one confiding in the internal and external application of heat, and the other in that of cold. It may be alleged, that the ftimu-Jus of the cold produces heat; and the fact seems to be confirmed by the Kuffiah method of restoring circulation iu a fro-

zen limb by means of friction with snow. But what is Angular irt thr oafe of people apparently deprived of lifd in the manner treated of, is, that the body is much warmer when brought out of the room than at the in ft ant life restored, and that they awake cotd anti thivering. The colour of the body is also changed from a livid red to its natural complexion; which, together with forte other crrciifli-stances, would almost lead one to suspect, that they arc restored to life by the snow and cold water fomchow or other freeing them from the load of phlogiftog with which the system teems to be replete; for although the first applicatios of cold water to the human body produces heat, yet, if often repeated m a very cold atmosphere, it then cools ki-stead of continuing to heat, just as the cold bath does when a person remains loo long in it.

T« fht Mimjitr cf lfi§ — -

Rev. Sir,

HP hi E Lord Archbishop of Canterbury * has communicated to me the purport of a letter which he received from Lord Vitcount Stormont, one of his Majesty’s principal secretaries of state, Agnifying to him his Majesty's pleasure, in consequence of a» addreis prelected to his Majesty by the Bouse of Lords in July last, that his Gtace /hould give directions to all the Biftiops, his suffragans, to procure from rhe parochial clergy in their respective dioceses, an account of the Papists, or reputed Papists, withia their several pariffiesj and that tb<y should have the fame ready to be laid before the House of Lords on the first day of the next session of parliament. [371.]

I do therefore hereby require you to prepare such a list as far as relates your parish, and fend it to me in St James’s square, on or before the 10th day of October next; and if there /hould be arty Papists or reputed Papilts in your parish, you will likewise inform me of it by the time above mentioned. And I delire you also to inquire, whether there is any Popish school or schools within your parish; and acquaint me, whether any; and what number of children of Protestant parents ate taught therein.

I am. Rev. Sir, your afe&ionate brother and humble fervanf, -R. Londox.

Fulham, August id. iyftov Similar letters have been lent by all the Bishops ia England to that fuboedkute clergy*

in

L»

la Great Britain, Guernsey, and . JttSRY.

TWO troop* horie*guards.

Two troops boric-grenadier- guards.

One regiment RoyaL horse-guards.

Three regiments dragoon-guards.

ift, ad, 3d, 4th,«th, 7'h, soib, nth, 15th, Kth, 19th, aoth, a 1 ft, and and regiments of dragoons.

Three regiments of foot-guards, con fitting of seven battalions, from which 1000 men are detached to North America.

Regiments of foot, ift, ad,

6th, 10th, 13th, 14th, x8th, asth, a<5th, 41st invalids, and second battalion, 45 th, 48th,

jcth, jad, 59th, 05th, 09th, 78th, 83d, Bjth, 95th, 96th, 97th, and 98th.

Four regiments fencibles in North Britain.

Three regiments fencibles in England.

' A corps of light dragoons, commanded by Major Lifter; and 40 independent companies of invalids.

The royal regiment of artillery conftfts of battalions, and has detachments at every place where there ate troops, except Ireland and the East Indies.

NO* T H A. M K R I C A.

17 th regiment of dragoons.

Regiments of foot* 7th, 8th, 9th, idth, 17th, aoth, aift, and, 13d, a4th, apth, 31ft, 33d, 34th, 37th, 38th, 4ad 1 , 43d,

44*h, 47th, 53d, 54th, J7th, doth dad, 43d, 64th, 70th, 71st xd bait. 74th, 76th, 80th, Bad, and 84th tv/o

Numbers of the Provincial corps

General and Officers.

Gen. Sir Henry Clinton, Commander in Chief, Lieutenant-General, Charles Earl Cornwallis.

Major-Generals,

William Tryon James Pattifon

Thomas Clarke Hon. A. Leflte

Edward Matthew John Campbell

Auguftinc Prevoft ' 4

BrigotBer-Generals. Francis M’Lean William Dalrymple*

James Pattcrfon Thomas Stirling

George Garth

Major John Andre Adjutant-General.

Be. Gen. Dalrymple, ^uartcrmaster-Generdl.

West Indies.

Aug. 1780. Distribution of his Majesty’s Land-forces.

3 9

Gtntraland Staff Officers.

General. Jeffery Lord Amhcrft. Lieutenant-Generals.

Hon. R. Monkton Hon. Alex.Mackay. Richard Picrfon Com. in Chief North

William Haviland Britain.

James Johnson Lord Adam Gordon Hon. Geo. L. Parker Simon Frafer Major-Generals.

William Stile Thomas Hall

George Warde Charles Grey '

Rob. Skeene, N> Brit. George Morrison

S. L. Morris Rich. P. Phillipson

Thomas Calcraft Hon. Hen. St John Lieut. Gen.William Amherst, Adjutant Gen. M. Gen. G. Morrison, Quarter Lt. Col. A. Williamson, Deputy Adj. Gen. Col. Wm. Roy, Deputy

I R K LAND.

Regiments of foot, 4th, 5th, 15th, 17th, a8th, 35th, 40th, 46th, 49th, $jth, doth 1 %d and thbattalions, 79th, 8dth, 87th, 88rh, 89th, 90th, 91ft, pad, 93d, 94th, and 99th.

Of these, the ift and part of the ad battalion of the doth, the 79th, 88th, and Dairy mple’s loyal (rilhareat Jamaica. The 99tli, destined for that i/land, was taken with the Weft-lodia fleet.

General and Staff Officers. Major-General, Hon. John Vaughan.

Brigadier-Generals.

Gabriel Christie Sir Henry Calder Bart.

L. A. Tottenham William Meadows

A. St. Leger Archibald Campbell

Robert Prefcot

L. Col. T. Musgrave, Quariermaster General. Major William Biown, Adjutant-General.

Gibraltar.

Four regiments of horse.

Regiments of dragoons, 5th, 8th, 9th, istb, 13th, 14th, and 18th.

Regiments of foot, 3d, nth, iptb, 30th, 3*d, 3dth» ddth, d7th, dSth 77th, and 8tft. Ten companies of invalids.

One regiment of royal artillery.

General and Staff Officers.

Lieut. Gen. Sir J. Irwine, Commander in Chief.

Lieutenant- Generals.

James Johnstone George Preston

Robert Cunningham Launcelot Baugh Major-Generals.

Edward Maxwell Flower Mocher

Joseph Gabbct Ralph Earl of Roft.

Col. Hon. H. L. Luttrell, Adjutant-General. Ll Col. David Dundas, ^uartertnoJler-Gen-

Regiments of foot, tath, 39th, j6th, 58th, 7»d, and xd battalion of the 73d. Three Hanoverian battalions.

General Officers.

Lt-Gen. Rt. Hon. G. A. Elliot,

Lt-Gen. Robert Boyd, Lieutenant-Governor.

Minorca.

Regiments of foot, 51ft, anddift.

Two Hanoverian battalions.

Lt-Gen. Hon. fames Murray, Governor. Lt-Gen. Sir W. Draper, Second inCommani.

East Indies.

73d regiment, 1 A F R I, C A.

7Jth regiment of foot.

3 D » A

39<S -

A Complete Lift of the Navy of (treat Britain, with the names of the Captains

each ship, the Fleets on the different stations, and the Ships fitting out, in ordinary, and building.

Those marked thus*, and tnoft of the fr are copper-bottomed.

GRAND

Ships.

Victory

FLEET.

Guns. Commanders.

Admiral Francis Geary Capt* Kcmpenfelt

JIO

Bartteur

98

Britannia 100 Prince Geo. 98

Royal Geo. 100

* Duke * Formidable

Queen

Namur

Ocean * Union

Prs. Amelia

Foudroyant 80 i leap So

W. Clayton fV. Adm. Barrington \Capt. B. Hill jV. Adm. Darby [Capt. Ja. Brady J R. Adm. Digby jCapt. W. Fox fR. Adm. SirJ. L. Ross JCapt J. Boarmaster Sir C. Douglas J. Stanton A. innes H. Sawyer George Ourry J. Dalrymple X- M‘Cartney J. Jarvis J. C. Allen Lord Longford W. Bayne Richard Onslow Sir George Collier Lord Mulgrave James Craufton

S. Wallis J. Elliot C. Saxton

T. Penny A. Duncan S. C. Goodall

dead.

Sir James Wallace R. Cotton Frigates.

3 6Hon. W. Waldegrave Hon. S. H. Conway Sir William Burnaby Hon. T. Cadogan Geo. A. Byron Fire-Ships. yiuto 8 T. Geary

Incendiary 8. G. A. Meyrick

Gibraltar

Alexander

Alfred

Bellona Canada

'* Courageux

Defence Dublin

Edgar

Invincible

Marlboro' Monarch

Valiant

Inflexible

Nonsuch

Buffalo

X>a Prudente

Ambufcadc

Diana

Licorne

jpioferpine

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

7+

74

74

<*4

64

60

3*

3*

3*

28

';{Lt H O M E, nearly ready for Tea, already failed.

some

Ramillies 74

Fortitude

Princcffa

Monarch* f Diligente

t Bienfaisant

t Pf, \yiy.iam

J. Moutray, convoy to, the Weft-India feet. Sir R. Bickerton Sir T. Rich J. Gcll A. Hunt

J. Macbride, convoy to A-feet.

S, Dougla^

Ships. Guns. Commander?.'

Belliqueux 64 T. Fitzhcrbcre Panther 60 J. Harvy

Chatham 50 W. Allen

Jupiter 50 Fr. Reynolds

Leatlder 50 T. Shirley

Salisbury 50 C. Inglis

Adamant 50 Gid. Jobnftone San Carlos 5oHon. T. Packingham

REPAIRING and will soon be fie

for fca.

Blenheim 90 Warwick So

Cambridge 80 Winchelsea 3*

Hero 74 Levant

Prince of Wales 74 Sole bay 18

Monmouth <54 Conquest 28

St Albans <54 Perfcus ao

5°

At the LEEWARD ISLANDS.

Sandwich 90

Princess Royal 90 Conqueror 74

Thunderer || 74

Vengeance 74

Russel

Alcide y

Ahx Albion

Berwick

Centaur Cornwall f

Culloden

Cumberland || 74

Egmont Elizabeth Tame f Grafton Magnificent

Montagu

Shrewfbuiy Suffolk

Terrible Torbay

Triumph Boypc

Intrepid Stirling Cattle

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

70

«4

64

f Adm. Sir G. B Rodney JCapt. Young 1 R. Adm. Hyde Parker JCapt. H. Harmood f R. Adm. Rowley [Capt. Watson, dead rJCom. Walfiogham [Capt. R. B. Nicholas f Com. W. Hotham [Capt. J. Holloway (Com. Fr. S. Drake JCapt.

J. Brisbane J. Symons George Bowyer Hon. K. Steward J. N. P. Nott T. Edwards George Balfour Joseph Peyton R». Fanfhaw Hon. F. Maitland J. Butchart 1

T. Newnham J. Elphinttonc J. Houlron M. Robinson Ab. Crefpin W. Dickfoq J. L. Gidoin Ph. Affleck C. Cotton James Fergufon R. Carkct

|| On their-way to join, from England.

J Said (o be wont out, and incapable of fervipe.

^OQQie

Aug. 1780. A Lift, of the Royal Navy of Great Britain.'

397

aShips,

T rident Vigitanc 'Yarmouth &fedway Centurion Preston

A&con La Fortune Venus Amazon Brune Convert Diamond La Blanche L’Alcrocne Thetis Andromeda Boreas Cyclops Laurel Dealcastle GreyhpOnd Scarborough Sphynz

Cameleon

3>Uid

Favorite

Hornet

Fortune

Rover

Barbadoes

Alert

Savage

Surpiiial

Star

San Vincente

Guns. Commanders*

$4 A. J. P. Molloy <54 Sir George Home €4 T. Taylor W. Affleck Richard Braithwaite Williatn Trufcot

do

50

SO

Fr 1

GATES.

R. Keeler

H. C. Chrillian J. Douglas Hon. W* Finch

L. Robert Ton W. Former

S. Upp.leby James Brine

R. Linzee, Convey H. Bryne C. Thempfon; . J. Robinson

T. Lloyd ad , James Hawkins .,

W.H. K. OHara Fr. J. Hartwell ,

Sroopi.

14 Ar. Walters J. Bourchier J. Manly R. Hafwell Robin son J. T. Duckworth

Ja. Vaflion J. Graves George Day Ingram

Bomb-Ketch e s. JEtna 8 J. Gardiner

Carcass 8 Edwards

Ycfuvius 8 Clemcots

F 1 re-Shi p s. Salamander 8 Hon. J. Finch

Blast 8 George Bowen

Armed Ships.

Albemarle J. Thomas Nimrod

Bosphorus

Aotigua

Pelican

At J A

Ruby

Hector

Sultan

Lion

firiftol

Phoenix

Janus

Ulyflcs

Pallas

*4

74

74

*4

So

44

44

44

3«

3*

M A I C A. fV. Adm. Sir Pi Paiker \Capt. J. Cowling Sir J. Hamilton A. Gardner Hon W. Cornwallis T. Cauifield Sir Hyde Parker

T. Dumarefq T. Davy Spiy Chr. Parks

Ships* Guns* Southampton 3a Pomona Resource Pelican Unicorn Badger Brake Hound Tobago Port Royal Jamaica

ao

*4

>4

Commanders. William Gamier C* E. Nugent ,

P. Fotheringham T. Haynes T. L. Frederick Ca th., jCol li ug wood, William Brown James MkNamara C. Hotchkys 1 Ar. Hayne R. Dean* r Armed Ships. ViAor 14 H. Chads

Hinchinbrook 14 Hor. Nelson

Stork t4 Fr. Le Montais t

Porcupine 14

Sea Nymph ao Paul

a8

28

»4

ao

*4

>4

*4

x8

18

*4

<*4

74

*4

<y4

SO

In NORTH-AMERICA.

fV. Adm. Arbulhnot l^Capt. William Swiney l h. Colby S. Child'

M. Jacobs George Bawlon J. Kendal

R. Douglas G. Gayton

S. Graves A Barclay J George Montagu C. Hudlbn Tyr. Htjwe Chr- Mason James Hawker James Gambier J. Henry Fr. Evans Hugh Robin Ion Anthony Parry J. Orde

Europe

Robust

Raisonable

Defiance

Renown

Rainbow

Roebuck

Romulus

Danae

Blonde

Pearl

Richmond

Thames

Delaware

Iris

Raleigh Providence Charlcftown Guudaloupe Pandora Virginia L'Avauture Camilla Fowey Galatea Hynde . Hydra Albany Bonetta DHpatch Delight Falcoa Nautilus Raven Sc 01 pie® Otter Vulture Avenger Halifax Strombolo Lucifet Jeilcy

44

34

3*

3*

34

3»

18

18

a8

28

28

28

28

28

2d

20

20

20

20

20

*4

*4

R4

*4

«d

ad

»4

ad

*4

*4

H

18

8

8

do

J. Collins

James Reid William Young Edward Garner H. Mouat R. Dundas J. Botham J. Ioglis Richard Lock T. Farnham

C. Osborne Richard Creyk A. Sutherland H. Lloyd Edmund Bower

Bomb-ketch. J. P. Ardcfoif Fire-flip. D* Laird. Hospitel-flip* Armed

39?

V

Ships, Pacific Hampden Vlyfles Friendship

A Lift of th* Royal Navy of Gr<w}t Bri^uo. Vq!.

Armed Ships. On the coad of PORTUGAL*

Guns.

20

*0

20

22

Ships.

Penguin

Northumberland

Pindar

Swift (Alpin)

Guns. 20 ad 20

*4

On a SECRET SERVICE. Ships. ‘ Guns.

London 98

Resolution

» Bedford

Royal Oak

Prudent

America Amphytnte

74

74

74

«4

44

44

Commanders. fR. Adqi. Graves iCapt. D. Graves f Com. Sir C. Ogle \Capt. Ld R. Manners Ldmund Affleck Sir Digby Dent T. Burnet S. Thompson R. Biggs

At

Portland

Oifbau

NEWFOUNDLAND-fR. Adm. Edwards 5 iCapt. T. Lloyd ift 32 T. Lloyd Maidstone 28 W. Parker

Mercury 28 Is* Prescott

Proteus ( 28 C. Charoberlync

Surprise 28 S. Reeves

Veflal 28 George Keppel

Cygnet 18 P. Balkcrville

Fairy id Hon. G. Berkeley

Atalanta id T. Marshall

In the 'Superb

Rippon

Asia

Bui ford

Bellcifle

Eagle

Exeter

Worcester

Sarttne

Coventry

Sea-horse

Nymph

York

EAST INDIES.

f R. Adm. Sir E. Hughes \Capt. R. Simon too IR. Adm. Sir E. Vernon \Capt. B. Marlow George Vandeput P. Rainer J. Brooks Amb. Red dal Richard King George Talbot A. M'Coy

A. Mitchel J.A. Panton

J. Blanket

B. Bichinoe Armed

Convey to the Eaj}~ India pips, Prothee 04 C. Buckner Hannibal 50 B. Caldwell

On the coast of AFRICA.

Endymion 44 Ph. Carteret

Beaver's Prise ad J* A. Drummond

Zephyr 14 J. Inglis

In the MEDITERRANEAN. Enterprise 28 P. Leslie

Porcupine 24 Sir C. H. Knowles

St Firmin id Jon. Faulkner

Minorca 14 Hugh Lawfoa

Ships.

Romney

A£olus Tartar . Brilliant Cormorant RjUtlcfnake

FRIGATES, A fluranee

Charon

Flora Minerva Monde ur Alarm Apollo Emerald Jason Cerberus Stag

Orpheus Dedalus

Fox

Cleopatka Aurora Medea Syren Bo ft on Carysfort Crescent Hussar Lizard Milford Pegasus Sybill Triton Nemesis St Margarite Viper Ariadne Camel Champion Garland Daphne Hyxna Squirrel Seaford Termagant

Alderney

Beaver

Childers

Cabot

Courcur

l'r

Fury

Hawke

Hasard

Lynx

Martin

Ostrich

Endeavour

Porpoifc

Guns. Commanders.

fCorn. G. JohnOooC fCapt. R. Hon>c Christopher Atkins A. Graeme J. Ford J.W. Payne J. M'Laurfn

Ac. at or near t James Cumming \ T. Symonds W. P. Williams C Fielding Hon. Ch. Phippn Sir R. Pier ion

40

4°

40

3»

J2

Jl

SS

!»

St

3*

St

ft

at

*8

28

28

ag

28

28

28

28

28

28

28

28.

28

28

*4

24

24

24

20

*4

20

20

24

S L

*4

>4

*4

16

12

16

18

12

8

»4

*4

14

*4

*4

J. Bazely

Marshall Tames Pigot -R. Mann

R. P. Cooper J. Colpoys T. Pringle

Hon. T. Wiftdfer George Murray H. Collins James Montague Edmund Dod

William Duddingftone William Cumming C. Hope C M. Pole Fr. Parry Ph. Patton J. Stanhope T. Pafley

S. Lutwidge R. R. Blign W. Koetl

A. Scott;

M. Squire

J. Packingham C. P. Hamilton James Watt Lord Hervey Edward Thompson

T. Piercy

B. Christian Arch. Kemp OOPS.

T. Weft Joseph Peyton Hon. J. Chetwynd H. Cromwell

Ch. Major Tsk*

B. Douglas A. Agnew Richard Murray

J. Breton T. Durell Sir Jacob Wheat JTr» Woolridge

Aug. 1780. A Xlft WF the Royal Navy of Great ferftaln.

ORDINARY,

Shift. GunsCommander*,

Htnchinbrook rtf J. Wain wright

Ranger Swan Swallow Wa fp Wolf Helena Kite Lively Shark Scourge DuGuayTruirrtiS 18

^Reynolds

R. BickeVtoo Jitne* Ly*

M. Cole

F. Roberts H. Trollope J. Ingleflcld Joseph Vaillant C. rortefcue George Stoney

G. A Poltney

FIRE-SHIPS.

Sulphur 8 T. Bofion

Volcano 8

Firebrand 8 G. Rpbinfon

iQfernal 8

Lightning 8 R. Calder

Bafililk 8 Ar. Philip

Spitfire 8 Ja. Norman

Comet 8 W. Long

JUrpjr 8 Ph. Welflt

BOMB- K ^,f CHI

Thunder 8 j. Wallace

Tenor 8 Charles Wood

A R M E D SHIP

Content aa A. Roy

Leith ao P. Rothe

Three Sifters aw H. Weyborn

Three Brothers a 0 T. Hawker

Merchant ao Sir H. Heron

Queen ao A. Bertie

Satitfaction ao P. Foulkes

Heart of Oak ao W. Redmon

Alfred a6 D. Collins

Loudoun ao J. Rains

Wolteley 3*

Mae words ao Ja. Dickenfbn

Aid ao

William *0 G. Gregory ,

Ranger 3* H. Baikie

Retaliation ao

Greenwich ao W. Daniel

Lionels atf W. Grant

C S.

G U

Lennox CooqueAadore tfo

Dunkirk

Dromedary

A R D-S H I P 74 W. Beonet

S.

tfo

tfo

rR. Ad. Roddam Capt. Orrok

kR. A. Gambier Plymouth Capt. Milligen R Ad. Drake Downs Capt. Dennc ROYAL, YACHTS in commission. Tubbs 8 Hon. T. Percivai

Will. 8c Mary 8 George Young

Dorict 8 Sir A. Schomberg

Medina 8 J. Moore

Y A C H T 8 oot of commission. Royal Charlotte 8 Royal Aogyfta A

8 Mary 8

SHIPS In SHIPS.

Ships, Neptune Dragon Hercules Kent Mars

Temcraire '

Warfpigbf

GhicheAer'

Devonshire

Eflcx

Hampton Com Mode Ac Bi Anne 84 Antonio Achilles Dreadnought Pembroke

SHIPS

m

PRISON^

Guns, . P*

Ships,

Wind (hr Frtm Antelofie ColcheAei*

Ludlow Cattle LVnn Pool

Flamborough Nightingale Revenge, used as thttreb-ship at Chatham 8jf

Drford, Hospital-jhtp, ditto 8(6

Sin Carlos,

San Raphael a 9

74 74 74 74 74 74 70 86

*4 tf4

4

44 44

tfo tfO tfo

builli

Guns tfo tfo JO JO 40

4®

40

is

*0

N G.

Store^ship

ditto

Royal Sovereign too Atlas Glory 8c George Warrior Bombay Caftk Ganges Carnatic IrreGAibie Goliah Caesar Bulwark Polyphennis>

Diadem AnfoA Magnanime Standard Sampson Sceptre Crown Africa Dictator Stately Repulse Agamemnon Scipio Ardent

P°

90

90

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

74

44

44

44

44

44

64

«4

M

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

Corke

Note

*4

33 33 N 3*

3*

3* 3* 3* 3*

3»

a»

>4

*4

*4

*0 10 *4 8 8

In commission, ships of the line, including fifty gun-fliipt, 100

As guard-ships, 4

Frigates, - in

Sloops Fire'&ips, and Bombs, 87 Armed ships - - 37

Royal Yachts . > 4

Total Blips in com million Of the line, in ordinary, or prison-ships as RepairingS, Building 31, 39

Frigates in ordinary, or prison-ships, 7 Repairing 5, Building 19, *4

Sloops apd Fire-Aiips building 4

Royal Yachts not m comtnifiwa 1 ‘ 4

Leoplrd

A Ai fiance

Medufii

Europe

Dolphin

Diomede

Argo

Arethusa

Latona

Perseverance

Antphion

Mermaid

Juno

Atflive

AArea

Ceres

Success

Iphigenia

Quebec

Crocodile

Eurydice

Narcissus

MirmidOn

Alegatoc

Zebra

Ti fiphonel Fife- f Ale&O JShipsJ

Number

400 Lish of fbtps^ Import and Export trade. V0I.4

Number of French and Spanish Ships of the Line, with the Names of those that compose their Combined Fleet.

Spanish flips in the Combined

Ships. Guns. Ships. Guns.

Le Sjiitilflma') St Raphael 70

Trinidada J xao St Joaquim 70

Xa Conceptiona 90 St Damafo 70

£1 Tonante 80 St llidoro 70

St Fcrdinando 80 Sr Eugenio 70

St Carlos 80 St Lorenzo 70

St Vincente 80 El Firmo. 70

Santa Ifahclla 70 El Galicia 70

ElAngc) deGuardo7o St Pafquali 70

£1 Scriofo 70 El Biilliante 70

£l Atlas 70 El Septentrione 64

St Pedro Apoftolo 70 El Mino , J*

El Oriente 70

French Ships in the Combined Fleet.

Ships. Guns.

Invincible 110

Tenible 110

Auguste 80

St Esprit 80

Languedoc 84

Glorieux 74

Bourgogne 74

Hero 74

Zodiaque 74

Scipion ’ 74

Zclfe 74

Marfeillois 74

Prote&cur 74

Commanders. f Defined for C. d'Eftaing I Marquis Lacarri Ch. Treffemannes Vifc. de Rjchc.houard M Deih -i \ <- su; Cri M. Boug.mville Chr. de iiaullet

Marin

Leroi dc la Grange de ia Porte Vezins Baron de Durfort de Suffren d’Albert de Rions Chr. d’A pc hon

Ships. Cans.

Guerrier 74

A&if 74

Nonhumberl. 74 Bien Aime 74

Caesar 74

Alexander 64

Hardi <4

Lion 64

Sagittaire $6

Commanders.

M. de Pavilion I'M. dc Choify \ M. de la Cafdotmce M. de Briqueville

Count de PEpinay

M. de Brades M. de la Clue M. de Mczieres

French Ships of the Une in Commission. Combined fleet

Weft Indie* »3

St Domingo 3

America 6

East Indies 7

Brest and Rochfort 6

Total commi(Bon Not in commiflioQ or repahing 9

Old East-Indiamen fitting out, for <0 guns 4

Fifties 3

Number of New

Ships building not per-

fedly ascertained.

Spanish Ships of the Line in CommiJpeM* Combined fleet 24

West Indies 1 a

Total commission 36 Not in commission or repairing % z

Fifties x

New flips building not perfeftjy afeerSained.

Total French 45 7

Total Spantih 3

X03

Not in commission or repairing 3ft

i

Russia Neutral Fleet.

First Squadron for the Mediterranean.

Commanders. fR.Adm. BorrilTow \Capt.Chev. Gibbs Spiritow

Englifl

Ships. f; Guns.

St Ilidore »{

Azai 66

America 66

Slava Rofloy 66

Texerdoi 66

Patrique 3*

Simeon 3*

Cocoflzowr Bufcarow Salmanow Dennifon Goloffkin

Second Squadronf North Seas.

St Panteleimon 74 {^of Ch^Brnke Inf; gt Nicholas 64 Chev. Dugdale Eng. The preceding lifts of Land and Sea Forces are

Ships. Commanders.

St Alexandre ] Newfki J f*4 Buchan Scotch

Hermolandia 64 Powalifchin

BlanoPolutchii 64 Melrikotv

Maria 3> KurzanelT

Third Squadron, Portugal.

Jezelcil 74 j [Com. Chev. Palioin LCapt- Hanikow

Spiridon 66 Odin row

Pr. Vladimir 66 Knakhowflcoy

David 66 de DO Ion F»c^rh

Darius 66 M'Kenzic Scotch

Alexander 3* M'Karnuff

taken from the political Magazine for August*

An authentic revifler of the Import and Export Trade of Great , copied from

a paper laid before his Majesty.

Imports. Exports.

1776 L. 12,386,777 L. 17,346,844

1777 11,400,100 17,542,841

1778, 13,216,701 17,814,640

Hence it appears, that the aflertioas respecting our ruined commerce are ideal,

Ac c 01ml

r.

Aug. 1780. . An account of the tumult9 in London, &c.: 401

Account of the tumults, concluded, [362.]

Our last ended with the occurrences of Wednesday, June 7.; in the evening of which day, the military, by order of the king and council, began to act without waiting for an order from the civil magistrate; by which the mob was soon discom sited.

On Thorfday, June 8. in the morning,

several hundreds of the iron hoops of the calks that had been burnt the preceding night, were lying opposite Mr Lang* dale’s upper house. In this house, 90,000 gallons of spirits were destroyed, and in the lower house 30,000.

The following hand-bill was circulated.

“ It is earnelflly requested of all peaceable and well-disposed persons, as well Protestants associated as others, that they will abstain from wearing blue cockades: as these ensigns are now afiumed by a set of mifereants, whose purpose it is to bum this city, and plunder its inhabitants; and who wifti, by distributing among better-disposed persons, and prevailing on them to wear those marks and distinctions, to fereen themselves from the detection and punishment due to their enormous crimes. And it is further recommended to all tradesmen and mailers of families, not to employ or re-taip in their service any persons who distinguisii themselves by wearing blue cock-

ades.”

About eleven o’clock, a great number of people went to the Marilialfea, and begun to pull it down; but before they could set fire to it, a military force arrived, and prevented their effecting their purpose. It is said that near thirty persons were killed on this occasion.

Between two and three, a fellow with a blue cockade went into a house in Bi-fhopfgate street, and with a drawn knife in his hand, demanded money, swearing that the house should be pulled down if the reoueft was not granted. He was vnftantly secured, and brought to the Poultry compter.

A young chimney-sweeper headed about twenty of the rioters, and going into an eminent house in Newgate-street, demanded to fee the religious books. They were accordingly produced; and, to the aftoniihment of the gentleman and his family# this footy hero turned the Bible upside.down, <and seeming to read, laid, “ it was the right religion, — it . Vol.XLIL.

was Lord Gordon’s religion, by God ! ”

In the afternoon, about four o’clock, a party of the mob got through the ruins of the Fleet prison, and attempted to set fire to some houses adjoining; but a large party of the military arriving, surrounded the prison, and sent in a detachment to drive them out; while the party at the door knocked down and wounded most of them with their bayonets as they ran off.

The gentlemen in the borough armed themselves, and attacked a large party of the insurgents in Tooley street, routed them, wounded several of the ringleaders, and took numbers prisoners.

All this day numbers of gentlemen, with the military, were employed in pulling the blue cockades from the hats of c-very person they met. It was now as unsafe to be seen with these emblems of rebellion, as it was unsafe during some of the preceding daye to be seen without them.

Seventy of the rioters were taken among the ruins of Newgate in the afternoon. The fire had broke out again: whether they had kindled it anew or not, is uncertain.

The lituation of Lord Rockingham’s house in Grosvenorsquare carried with it every appearance of its being a feat of war. Every front-room of the house was full of soldiers, prepared for the reception of the rioters; and his Lordship’s stables were turned into barracks, in which troops of cavalry were continually in readiness for action.

All the barristers of the several Inns of Court armed themselves for their own defence. The Attorney - General and Mr Mansfield were the first promoters of this spirited plan; which has been honoured with his Majesty’s approbation.

The civil officers, aided by tin. military, all this day patrolled the streets, and surrounded and fearehed all the houses and lanes noted for the resort of disorderly people, in order to apprehend the felons escaped from the' several jails. Many were retaken.

In the evening the following hand-bill was circulated.

“ NO FRENCH RIOTERS.

This is to give notice, that it now ap-. pears, that the horrible riots which have been committed in this city, have been promoted by French money; and to call upon all honest men to (land forth against rioters, who, under the cloak of reii-3 E gion.

L.

An account of the tumults in London, &c. V0I.4S.

gion, arc wantonly destroying our property, and endeavouring to overset our happy constitution. If the French are fullered, by these means, to prevail. Popery will certainly be introduced; which we have no reason to fear from a British parliament.*

The House of Lords met this day, and adjourned to Monday June 19.— The Earl of Abingdon had prepared a speech, but the House was adjourned before he came.—The speech is publish-cd, viz.

“ My Lords,

I do not rife to trespass on your Lordships time. I know the hour is come, when to ad, and not to debate, is the business of this House. But, my Lords, I rife most earnestly to intreat and implore your Lordships to stop the effufion of human blood, and to rdtore quiet to this kingdom, by repealing the act of parliament that has given occasion to our present anarchy and confusion. Let me conjure you, my Lords, in your wisdom, to do this: 1 lay, in your wisdom; for, my Lords, supposing the ad ever so just, suppose it ever so right, have you power to maintain it ? is your force equal to this ? It is not. But if it . was, do you think your soldiers would fight for you in such a cause ? If they do not, my Lords, what is to become of our country ? Let me conjure you, my Lords, for justice fake, to repeal this law; I say, for justice fake. It was held out as a law for Scotland; and one of your secretaries of state took upon himself to answer for the legislature, and to say that it should not extend to Scotland [41*109.]: and if Scotland is to have this indulgence, why is it to be refused to the people of England ? My Lords, I could multiply arguments without end, to induce your Lordships to a concurrence in opinion with me. But, as I said before, this is not a time for debate. There is one argument, however, which I must mention: I fear, my Lords, that there is, at the bottom of all this disturbance, the deep-laid scheme of a dark cabal to dissolve the constitution of this country, and to establish a military government upon its ruins. Let us, my Lords, defeat the purposes of those devils incarnate, and by giving peace to the people, restore the constitution to itself.

My Lords, I shall therefore move your Lordships, That leave be given for bring-

ing in a bill, for the purpose of repealing the ad of the 18th George III. intitled,

“ An act for relieving his Majesty’s subjects professing the Popish religion, from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act made in the nth and nth years of the reign of King William 111. in titled, /ftt ait further pre

venting the gr truth of and that

the fame be brought in immediately.*’

The Speaker of the House of Commons, attended by a sufficient number of members to authorise his taking the chair, went down to Westminster so early as twelve o’clock, and opened the House. — The Lord Advocate rose immediately: and after expatiating on the I impropriety of proceeding to business in the present di(traded state of affairs, be j moved, That the House do adjourn to Monday the 19th inltant. Which was agreed to ntm. con.

The arrangement that had been made of the military this day produced fogood an etTcd, that there was no riot or disturbance in the course of the night.

On Friday, June 9. peace and tran- 1 quillity were so far restored, that men 1 had leisure to refled on the horrors to which they had been exposed, with temper and coolness; and returned to bu-finefs, which had been suspended for

some time.----- In order to dissipate the

idea that the rioters were to be tried by martial law, the following hand-bill was circulated in every quarter of the town.

“ Whereas some ill-designing and malicious persons have published, for the purpose of disquieting the minds of his Majesty’s faithful subjects, that it is intended to try the prisoners now in custody by martial law; notice is given, by authority, that no such purpose or intention has ever been in the contemplation of government; but that the said prisoners will be tried by the due course of law, as expeditiously as may be.”

At eleven o’clock a council was held at Lord Stormont’s office. It broke up at one o’clock; when the Lords in administration went to St James’s, where the King had a levee. His Majesty retired to the closet soon after two; where a cabinet-council was convened, to take into their serious consideration the most effectual means of securing the promoters of the late alarming commotions.

In consequence of the above council, a 1 warrant was issued by the Secretaries of ' Suite, directed to Mann and Staley,

two

Aog. 1780. An account of the

two of his Majesty’s mcfiengers in ordinary, for apprehending Lord George Gordon. The messengers instantly repaired to his house in Welbeck street, and were introduced to his Lord ship; whom they made acquainted with the nature of their visit. Lord George replied, — “ if you are sure it is me you want, I am ready to attend you.” Upon which, a hackney-coach being previouf-ly got ready, and a party of the light horse having received orders to attend in an adjacent street, his Lordship was conducted safely by them, about fix o’ dock, to the Horse-guards. The inhabitants of Welbeck-street collected about the carriage, and inveighed against him bitterly, as the author of all the present calamities; to avoid which reproaches, he desired the blinds to be drawn up; which requestthe messengers complied with. A long examination took place in the war-office before the Lord President, Lord North, Lord Am-herft, the Secretaries of State, and several other Lords of the Privy Council; and at half an hour after nine. Lord George was committed a close prisoner to the Tower. The guards that attended him were by far the great eft in number ever remembered to guard a ftatc-prisoner: A large party of infantry preceded in front; his Lordship following in a coach, in which were two officers; two soldiers rode behind the coach; and immediately followed Gen. Carpenter’s regiment of dragoons; after which came a colonel’s guard of the foot-guards; besides a party of the militia, which marched on each fide of the coach. The cavalcadepafled over Westminster bridge, through St George’s fields, the Borough, and so on to the Tower; where his Lord-fiiip alighted, seemingly in good spirits, about ten o’clock. His LortUhip rested the first night in the Governor’s apartments. The populace who attended on this occasion conducted themselves with singular decorum.——The commitment, and the order to the gaoler and two wardens, follow, viz.

The commitment.

“Thefe are, in his Majesty’s name, toauthorise and require you, to receive into your custody, the body of the Rt Hon. George Gordon, Esq; commonly called Lord George Gordon, herewith sent you for high treason; and you are to kap him late and close, until he

tumults in London, . 403

shall be delivered by due course of law. And for so doing this shall be your warrant.

Given at Whitehall, the 9th of June 1780.

Stormont. Hillsborough. To the Lieutenant of the Tower

of London, or his Deputy.”

The orders to the Gaoler and

1. The wardens appointed to keep a close prisoner, shall not presume to leave him a moment alone, either night or day; or to change their duty with other wardens, but by order of the constable, lieutenant, deputy-lieutenant, or major of the Tower.

a. There must be no pen, ink, of paper, brought in to the prisoner, nor he suffered to ufc any, or receive any paper, or books of any kind, until they are examined by some one of the officers above mentioned.

3. They are to permit no person to have admittance into the room he is confined in, or to speak to him; nor any cloaths, linen or woollen, or any other thing whatsoever, to be carried out or brought in to the prisoner, until they are examined by the wardens before the gentleman-gaoler; who are carefully to fee that no arms, money, or writing whatsoever, be concealed in them. If any such are found, a report to be immediately made of it, as also of any other thing that may happen extraordinary, to such of the Tower-officers as shall at that time command within the Tower.

4. The wardens must not suffer the prisoner to walk in any other apartment of the house, or to come out of his room; and if any other person or persona shall attempt to speak to the prisoner, either at the window or any other way, the wardens shall immediately call the guard to apprehend them, until further orders from the officer commanding in the Tower.

5. If the gentleman-gaoler shall ne-gled to fee the prisoner, either when he locks up at night, or when he unlocks in the morning, the wardens shall be obliged to make a report of such neglect, to such of the Tower-officers as shall then command in the Tower.

б. The wardens, therefore, with the gentleman-gaoler, are every ni^fit and morning to examine all parts of the pri-

3 E 2 loner’s

404 An Account of the tumults In London.' &c. VoL 41.

foner’s room, to fee that no alterations are made at the windows, or door, or locks, or bolts withinfide, or bars forced, or walls broken down, or any thing else attempted, that might favour an escape, or look like a correspondence abroad; of all which they shall immediately give notice to the officer commanding in the Tower.

Tower, June 9. 1780.”

The circumstance that first induced administration to take Lord George into custody is said to have been this. In the heat of his too successful enthusiasm, he wrote a letter, which he sent for insertion to the conductor of a morning-publication, add re fifed to his religious af-fociatcs, wherein he recommended to them to nouriffi the noble spirit that had so laudably taken pofiTession of them; and told them, that he did not in the smallest degree doubt, that an unlimited compliance with all their requisitions would be the undoubted consequence of their perseverance. He at the same time indeed annexed a kind of exhortation for the preservation of peace and good order; but as this concluding suggestion was too repugnant to the general tenor of the epistle, and also far too faintly urged to produce an adequate effect, the printer deemed it the best step he could take for the welfare and quiet of his country, to fend this letter to government; which he accordingly did, in a note addressed to Lord Hilifborough. His Lordship, on the receipt of the letter, caused a council to be convened; before whom he produced it. The unanimous opinion they held upon it was, that it was of a very inflammatory tendency, and that the author was undoubtedly amenable to the laws as the promoter of a traitorous ledition. As a farther fanCtion, however, for the measures they intended to adopt towards him, an order was immediately ifl'ued to the pott-office, enjoining all letters franked G. Gordon, to whateverquarterthey might be addressed, to be from that time detained, and transmitted to the office of one of the secretaries of state. In consequence of this mandate, several letters, written by the deluded young nobleman, were (topped, and afterwards laid before the cabinet. Molt of these were directed to Scotland, and were replete with observations equally subversive of order, religion, and liberty. He gave a faithful narrative of the transactions which

had taken place in the metropolis; and instead of accompanying the relation with those expressions of horror and disapprobation which must have actuated every good and well-disposed citizen, be seemed rather to exult in the event, as nothing pervaded these cpiftles but rapturous encomiums on the “ glorious cause,” and extravagant panegyrics on the noble spirit displayed by his biethrt* in the defence of it.—-Besides letters addressed to or franked by Lord George Gordop, a great number of intercepted letters, that had been (topped at the post-office and other places, belonging to foreign agents, were carrried to the offices of the secretaries of (late for examination.

A third royal proclamation was this

day ifl'ued, viz.

“ George R.

Whereas a great number of disorderly persons have for several days past assembled themselves together, in a riotous and tumultuous manner, and have been guilty of many acts of treason, rebellion, and felony, having formed designs to break open and dertroy the gaols and prisons, and to set loose the prisoners confined therein, and having actually broke into and let on fire the gaol of Newgate, the king’s-bench prison, and the prison of the Fleet, and released the prisoners, and made attempts on other gaols and prisons in and about this metropolis; and having set fire to and pulled down the dwelling houses of divers-of our peaceable subjects. and also set fire to, burnt and destroyed the materials thereof, and the furniture and other effects found therein; and also taken money from divers of our subjects: We therefore, taking the fame into our most lerious consideration, have thought fit, by and with the advice of our privy council, to pubhfli and declare our rc-solution, That the authors, abettors, and perpetrators of the said offences be prosecuted as expeditiously as may be. according to the due course of law; and we do hereby enjoin and require all ju* dices of the peace, ffieriffs, mayors, bailiffs, courtabies, and all other our loving subjects, to be aiding and assisting to the utmolt of their power, in detecting, apprehending, and bringing to justice the said offenders. And we are gracioufty pleased to promise, that if any person shall discover any other person or persons who are guilty of any of the said

offences.

L.

Aug. i^o. An account of the tumults inLondon, &c. 40^

offences, so as that the person or persons clifcovered may be prosecuted for the fame, such discoverer shall have and receive, as a reward, upon conviction of such offender or offenders, the sum of Jifly p rands, and also our gracious pardon for the said offence, in case the person making such discovery shall himself be liable to be prosecuted for the fame: and the commissioner8 for executing the office of Trcafurer of our Exchequer are hereby required to m*ke payment accordingly of the said rewards.’* Dated June 9.

This day the (hops in the city were opened as usual; business in the courts in Westminster hall, which had been suspended, was resumed; many stories were propagated which time has since discovered to be groundless; and the ptirenzy that had possessed the people, terminated by strengthening the hands of government.

In the London papers of June 17. there is a copy of the return made to Lord Amhcrft, of the number killed and wounded in the late disturbances, viz. Killed by the association and guards 109, and by the light horse iot, is aio, and died in hospitals 75, in all 285; and pri-fbners then under cure 173. Total killed and wounded 458.

To the preceding narrative we shall add remarks selected from the papers by the compiler of the Gentleman’s Magazine, viz.

“ 1. A set of well-meaning men, who could not have been aware of the consequences, met for the defence of the elta-blished religion, and called themselves the Prolijlant /fficiation.

2. In con feq tie nee cf this association, Lord George Gordon called a public meeting to present a petition to parliament, profcffcdly with a good intention.

3. As no proper police exists in this country, the ndvertisement issued for such purpose had a direct tendency to collect thieves, pickpockets, housebreak-ers, See.

4. Such an assembly (not the affocia-tors themselves) being unwilling, in the first instance, to manifest their real intentions, attacked such places as rather led the public off their guard; but the moment they found themselves formidable, depredations were committed upon the private property of individuals, magistrates, See.while the bank itself was nut forgotten.

5. If any regular plan for burning the city, or ruining the nation, had beetl previously concerted, common fenfc would have dictated, that an attempt upon the bank should have been the first ouvert act, before the burning of Newgate, when violence raged in its fury, and when it met with no oppofitioru That there was no previous plan, is obvious to common ftnfe; because it i«. not so much as pretended that there ever was any private meetings held by the association; nor is there the least shadow, of reason, from any thing that has appeared upon the trials of the rioters; to suppose that there ever was. Tbetr meetings were as public as the meeting* at Ranelagh, or any other place of entertainment, and the object they had m view as publicly recommended as the interest of religion is at church. Did this look like a plot to rob the bank and burn the city ? Surely he muff be a credulous man indeed to believe in a plot., where, to make it so, they could only find one conspirator

6. If there had been any ringleaders of nfote, even behind the curtain, the trial* of those who have been condemned as moll active in the riot would certainly have led to a discovery; but we find, that a blind and ignorant fury, inflamed by drnnkennefs, and seconded by the in-teiefted views of thieves and housebreak-ers, has, in fact, been the cause of the whole commotion.”

Quiet was now reffored in London and its environs; but a diffurbance of the like kind broke out at Bath; which, however, was happily soon quaffied. — In the evening of Friday, June 9. a footman and some boys began the mifehiefy by breaking the windows of a house where the Roman-Catholic priest resided, adjoining to a new Romiffi chapel lately, built. At night they were joined by great numbers, most of them strangers; who broke open the chapel-doors, and began to throw the materials out at the windows. The magistrates and peace-’ officers assembled as soon as possible; but ere they could exert themselves, the mob had increased to a great multitude. The riot-act was read, and some persons were seized, but instanfly refeued. The magistrates and many respectable citizen* endeavoured to prevail on the mob to; disperse, but without effect. Major-Molesworth, with a few of the city-volunteers hastily colkdtdd*, got into the'

chapel.

406 Ad account of the tumults in London, &c. Vo!.*

chapel, and put out the fire several times; which the mob repeatedly kindled. About twenty more of the volunteers were soon after got together; and Capt. Du-perre, at the requell of the mayor, headed them, and led them into the chapel, their pieces not loaded. The instant they entered the chapel, the mob rulhed in upon them on all lides, and a pistol was fired at Capt. Duperrc; which fortunately mifled him, and as fortunately killed an old rioter, who had been once before wounded at an iufurreltton at Trowbridge. But this so incer.fed the mob, who supposed the man to be (hot by one of the volunteers, that they immediately set fire to the chapel: and the volunteers, finding it impossible to rdift so large a body, made a llovv and good retreat. The chapel, and lixorseven hou-fes that surrounded it, were er.tirtly burnt by four in the morning. The mob were then prevailed on to difpcrfe, without carrying into execution the remainder of their diabolical plan; for they had declared their resolution to burn the old chapel, and the houses of several Roman -Catholics refidirg at Bath. Exprefies had been sent to Wells, Devizes, &c. for troops; and Maj. Mallock, of the Queen’s dragoons, arrived, with about 4ohorfe, before five next morning; Capt. Taylor, with 60 more of the fame regiment, before seven, from Devizes; and Capt. Barnaby, with about 240 of the Hereford militia, by nine o’clock, from Wells. Quiet was immediately restored. The gutting and firing of the chapel was executed with amazing haste and regularity; and not a single person was infulled, except those who attempted to seize the rioters. It was the general opinion, that the leaders in the riot were persons sent from London.

At London the magistrates, &c. were now busied in discovering and apprehending the persons guilty of the late atrocious riots. Parties of the military, accompanied by Sir John Fielding’s men, and directed by them, began, on Thursday, the 8th, to search the old haunts of those incorrigible criminals who but a day or two before had been released from confinement; and there found numbers of them, ready to pursue their former courses, or to return to the dungeons from whence they bad been delivered. It is inciedible with what facility almost the whole body of these delinquents were in a few days apprehended.

and again restored to their former or o-

ther gaols.

O11 Saturday, June 10. about five { clock in the morning, Mr Fisher, the secretary to the Protestant Association, whs apprehended, at his house, and carried to the Tower. In the evening he was examined before the privy council; and nothing appearing against him, the committee, or the association, he was honourably difniifled. Mr Hopkins, one of the managers of the association, was likewise taken up, examined, and dismissed.

This evening a deputation of the committee of the association waited on Lord North, offering, if they had done any thing contrary to law, to stand a trial His Lordship received them politely, 1 and told them, that no charge whatever was detigned to be brought against the secretary, the committee, or the alfoci-ation.— They shewed his Lordship a copy of a letter deflgned to be printed, which his Lordship approved of — Of this letter many thousands were distributed. It was dated next day, which was Sunday; and wc insert a copy of it, viz.

“ Sir, Loud.mt 11.1780.

As citizens, as peaceable members of civil society, and as loyal fnhjc&s, wc think it our bounden duty to acquaint you, and to beg that you will to the utmost of your power acquaint every one, that the petitions of his Majesty’s Protestant subjects would have been considerod before now, but for the unhappy distradions occasioned by an unruly and tumultuous mob, who, under pretence of oppoling Popery, have been guilty of many most heinous offences. The Protestant Association has no connexion, dircvtly nor indirectly, with these law Ids

rioters.

The military power which has been ! called in, was not to refill the Protell-ants of London, Scc. but to quell the riots, and prevent a continuance of that havock ai d devastation which these un- . happy cities have experienced for many days past. '

We have the happiness to acquaint you, that the dreadful confusion is, by j

the vigilance of government, in a great measure Jublided; and we most earned-ly wilh and pray peace may be completely re ft orcd. J

By order of the Committee, ,

J. Fisher, Secretary. I

Goulftcii-square, Whitechapel.”

The

.Aug. 1780. Ao account of the tumults in London, &c. 407

The Lord Mayor laid before a court of Aldermen held on Saturday June 10. the following letter.

“ After our hearty commendations to your Lordship,—

Whereas great numbers of disorderly persons, armed with guns, piltols, and other offienfive weapons, have affictnbled themselves for feme nights palt, and have committed divers the most daring and violent outrages, to the great terror of all his Majesty’s subje<Sts: And whereas there is reason to apprehend, that many of them Itill lie concealed within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and within the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, with intent to affiemble them-Cclves again, in order to proceed to the commission of the like a<5is of violence: And whereas we think it necessitry that the sheriffs of the city of London, and all other the civil magistrates and peace-officers within the said city, should be called upon at this time to exert their utmost diligence in the discharge of their respective duties, not only to suppress, but to prevent all riotous meetings and tumultuous assemblies: We do there-

fore, in his Majesty’s name, and by his expref3 command, hereby pray and require your Lordship, to call upon the Laid sheriffs of London, and all other the civil magistrates and peace officers of the city of London, and to signify to them his Majesty’s pleasure, that, taking with them such affiiflance as they shall judge necessiiry, they do cause the most strict and diligent search to be made for all i-dle and disorderly persons lurking with-in the city of London; and them having found, they are forthwith to apprehend and secure, that they may be dealt with according to law: and the sheriffs of the city of London, and all other the civil magistrates and peace-officers of the fafd city, are in like manner required to make the most diligent search, m all public houses, and other places within the city of London, where they may have reason to fufoeft that any guns, piltols, or other offensive weapons may be concealed, and to seize and secure the fame. And so not doubting of your ready compliance herewith, we bid your Lordship farewell.— From the Council-Chamber fit Whitehall, the 9th day of June 1780. [[Signed] Bathurst, P. Geo. Ger-main. Onslow. North. Edce-fUMBE. C.Spencer. Townshend.

To our loving friend the Lord ^Mayor of the city of London,’'

On this the court came to the following resolutions.

“ Resolved, That the several Aldermen of this city do immediately repair to their respective wards; and, calling together the peace-officers of each ward, with such other assistance as they may find neccessary, immediately issue warrants for searching for and securing all idle and disorderly persons, who shall be found lurking in their respetftive wards; and also for searching for and seizing all arms which shall be found in suspected places, or in the poffieflion of such idle and disorderly persons; and to cause diligent search to be forthwith made accordingly.

Relblved, That all persons keeping public houses within this city and the liberties thereof, do (hut up their houses at ten o'clock in the evening, and not fell any beer or other liquors after that time, till five o’clock in the ensuing morning. ”

At the desire of the court, Mr Recorder drew up an answer to the letter of the privy council, including the two resolutions just now recited, which was figued by the Lord Mayor, and sent the fame evtning to the Earl Bathurst, Pre-

fident.----- Next court day, June 13. the

Lord Mayor laid before the court a letter from the Earl Bathurst, dated June 11, which he had received on Sunday afternoon; “ acknowledging, in the name of the Board, that zeal and attention which his Lordship and the court of Aldermen had ffiewn in the matter recommended to them by the privy council.”

H»s Lordship laid before the court on the 10th a letter from the Lord Viscount Stormont, and the Earl of Hillsborough, secretaries of state, in answer to a letter font from his Lordship and the two Ihe-rifts, respecting ihe state of the Poultry and Woodstreet compters, and requeuing permission to lodge what prisonera might be taken who had been concerned in the late riots, in the Tower of London; and another letter, which he had received in the afternoon of the preceding day, desiring him to attend the privy council at seven o'clock that evening.

The letter from the secretaries oc state, was dated, St James’s, Friday, half after four, June 9. 1780. — “ There arc (say they) many reasons which would make it highly improper that any of the

objects

408 An account of the tumults id London, See. Vol.

ehjc&s of imprisonment who hereafter shall be committed to you, lliouul be sent to the Tower. The best way to supply the insufficiency of the gaol of Ktwgate in its present (late, appears to us lobe, that you (houldchufeany of the city-halls or other public buildings, which you think the fitted for the purpose; and upon your acquainting us with the places so fixed upon as temporary prisons, a Sufficient force will be sent to guard them.”

The Lord Mayor attended the privy Council in obedience to the summons, was examined, and dismissed. — The papers say, that his Lordship was blamed Inr not being diffidently active in sup-.preffing the tumults, and for discharging Several of the rioters when in the culto-dy of the military.

On Friday, June 9. the following plan was sent by the Lord Mayor to the Aldermen and Deputies of the several wards, recommended to the general meeting of the house keepers. “ The Alderman or Deputy of each ward, and the several housekeepers and gentlemen being met, that they throw themselves into four divisions by ballot; each tfivi-.Son, with their arms, to take watch by notation. That the housektepers and gentlemen not on guard, have their arms xeady prepared, to procted on beat of drum to the head-quarters of the ward. Tat roles to be sent about the ward, in order to keep a watch over alehonfcs and disorderly places; also to prevent a-iiy number of people collecting together; to suffer no signs of countenancing the rioters to prevail, as wearing badges, huzzaing, and illuminating; to commit those who cannot give a good account of themselves, and take from them their weapons, See.; to have intelligence established with the neighbouring wards, and with the Mansion-house; and to have the fame with the military, if judged necessary; and a watch-word for the night settled among the commanders of the whole. To recommend to housekeepers, parents, and makers, to keep their Servants, children, and workmen at home, towards and during night, to prevent their being mixed with or countenancing the guilty by their numbers. To report every morning the proceedings of each ward to the Lord Mayor at the Mansion-house, that just information may be had, on which to found measures for the whole/*

Several letters passed on this subject, which were afterwards called for by, and laid before the House of Commons; —and which we insert, omitting only the addrefTe8, coofpfiments, via.

Lord Amherst to Lt-Ctl. Twifleton, -

hall, June 12.

“ 1 have received the favour of your letter of this date, with the several papers indofed. If in the printed paper, with the Lord Mayor’s name annexed, firelocks are meant by the words, their arms, in the first article of the paper, I wholly disapprove of that intention. Nopersoncan bear arms in this country but under officers having the King’s commissions.

The inhabitants of the borough of Southwark, those of the parish of Covent-Garden, and of some other parishes, have formed themselves into very lifcful, and at the same time unexceptionable associations; and if something of the fame kind was adopted in the city, there is no doubt but much use and great Security would arise therefrom; but the using of fire-arms is improper, unnecessary, and cannot be approved.”

Ditto to dim, Whitehall, June 13. a copy of which was on tht fame day

cially sent to the several Alder nun tf London.

“ I received the favour of your letter of this date, on the subject of the inhabitants of the city being permitted to carry arms; and 1 cannot say more on the general subject than I mentioned in my letter to you of yesterday’s date, which was a clear disapprobation of that part of the Lord Mayor’s plan which regards the arms.

If, therefore, any arms are found in the hands of persons, except they are of the city-militia, or are persons authorised by the King to be aimed, you will please to order the arm9 to be delivered up to you, to be safely kept until further orders/*

At the desire of the court of Aldermen, signified by the Lord Mayor, Lt-Col. Twifleton waited on the court, June 14. with the original orders to him from Adj.-Gen. Amherst, dated June 7. [360.J, and explained the foregoing letters ot Lord, Amherst.

By direction of the court, a letter for the Ear) Bathurst w as prepared, signed by the Lord Mayor, and tent to hi* Lordship,

wit

Aug. 1780. - - An atxcmhr of the tumults inf London, &c400

with the above two letter? and orders to L.t-Col. Twifleton inclosed, dated. Guild*-ball, June 14* viz.

t “ 1 am- dirv&ed by the court of Aldermen to inform your Lordship, that, In obedience to your Lordship’s orders, they have made diligent search in the several wards after those disorderly persons who have been concerned in the late dangerous riots, and have taken to their assistance the housekeepers in each district, who have armed themselves, under the direction of the court, for th* pu-r-pose of supporting the civil m.agistrate; but having communicated to the court the inclosed letter from Lord Amherst to Col, Twifleton, who favoured tnc with copies of them, the court are defi-Toua that some explanation may be given to those letters, as they now militate a* gain ft the orders first received from your Lordships. They also beg leave to be informed by your Lordship, whether the order sent to Col. Twifleton by the Adjutant-General, directing the military to act without waiting for the directions of the civil magistrate, is to continue in force ”

Earl Batharfl to the Lord , White-

hall, Council-chambert June 15. ;

« I have been honoured with your Lordship’s letter ofyefterday’s date, and have laid the fame before the Lords of the Privy Council; and am to inform your Lordship,. that we apprehend Lord Amherst’s letter to your Lordship of the 13th inst. has not been properly understood: for when he speaks of the arms in the hands of the eity-militia, or other persona authorised by the King to be armed, he certainly includes the arms in the hands of the citizens and house-keepers, who, by virtue of an order of the court of lieutenancy, are required to keep them in their houses; and Col. Twifleton has put the proper construe-tkm on those letters, by only taking aims from suspicious persons, or those who could not give a good account of themselves.—‘While the military, necef-frrily for the preservation of the public peace, remain in the city, it will, no doubt, be proper that the order of the Adjutant-General, for their acting without waiting for the direction of the civil magistrate, should continue in force* The attention paid by the inhabitants in preferring the peace of the several wards Vot.XLII.

is extremely COitaUiendable; yet the great-eft care ftnmld be taken, that any armed housekepers, do not expose themselves t6 the military, who, in a tumult, might not be able to disttnguish them from the rioters.”,

^Tke Lord Mayor to the Earl.

Guildhall, June 17.

*» 1 am to acknowledge the honour of your Lordship’S letter of the 13th; which I communicated to the court of Aldermen yesterday.; by whom I am directed to represent to your Lordship, that if you will be pleased to refer to my letter of the 14th, your Lordship will find the letters of Lord Amhcrft’s there mentioned (copies df which were inclosed) were not addressed td me, but to Col. Twifleton; the fecund df which Terms to ion-port, an order to him to disarm all persons in whose hands arms should be found, except the city-militia,- and -persons authorised by the King to be armed; which order, it is apprehended, would, if literally executed, disarm those assistants, without whom it would have been iropoffible to have executed, and will now be impossible to proceed in the execution of the order of council of the 9th instant; the assistance which the Aldermen of this city judged necessary to take with them in the execution of that order tn addition to the peace-officers, being bodies of the inhabitants of their respective wards, who have armed them--selves under the direction of the court of Aldermen (not the court of lieutenancy) for the purpose of supporting the civil magistrate.

The court were the more inclined to fear, that the order in question would be so interpreted, as Lord Amherst had, in his letter to Col. Twifleton of the lath instant, exprefil'd it to be his opinion, that no man can hear arms in this country but under officers having the King’s corn million. This was what was meant by saying, that those letters militate a-cainst the orders first received from your Lordship; and the court difire to fub-mit to your Lordship’s consideration, whether some further explanation may not be necessary, to prevent a construe-tion, which would leave the civil magistrate without power to ad at all, for want of necessary support; tfpecialiy if it be thought proper that the Adjutant-General’s order for the military to %F att

4i<? - An account of the tumults u* IfOodoiv&c. .: ? Vot 4I

act without watting for the direction of the civil magistrate, fbouJd continue long-cr in force.

I am further directed by thse court to represent to your Lordship, that in forming their opinion upon this subject, and requesting a further explanation of Lord vAmherft’s letter?, thty have not forgotten the undoubted right of all his Maje-fty’a Protestant fobjeds, as declared by the id of William and Mary, fiat. 2. chap. a. to have arms for their defence Suitable to their condition, and as allowed by law.”

Earl Bathurst to the Lord Major, Council-chamber, June 20.

“ I have been honoured with your Lordship’s letter of the 17th instant, de-firing a further explanation of the letters sent by Lord Amherst to CoL Twifleton-, See.and have taken the first opportunity of laying yourLordAiip’s said letter be* fore the council; and I am to say, that it iB the opinion of their Lprdships, that the matter has been folly explained in say letter to your Lordship of the 15th.

But in regard to what your Lordfhiy intimates, of the impracticability of proceeding in the execution of What was re* quired by the letter from the Privy Council of the 9th instant, without the affiftt anoe of the inhabitants of the several wards, who have, armed themselves; the Council is of opinion,' that at a time like this, of real danger, from riots* tumults, and rebellious insurrections, a reasonable number of inhabitants* armed according to the nature and circumstance of the case, may attend the peace*offi* cers as a Aidants to them, for the preservation of the public peace, until the danger be over. But although his Majesty’s Trotestant subjects may have arms for their defence suitable to their conditions, and as allowed by law; yet they cannot by law assemble in bodies armed, and be mustered and arrayed, without the authority of his Majesty.”

Th< d 'V-'jor to the Earl

Cuildk hi, June 24.

“ I have the honour of your Lordship’s letter of the 20th, — which I have communicated to the court of Aldermen; by whose directions 1 am to represent to your LorcHhip, that they foresee difficulties likely to arise in the execution of their duty if the military are to ad independently of them; and therefore*

as well as to quiet the appnehension* naturally anting from a. large military force continuing in the capital* and not uoder 1 the usual controUl of the civil magistrate, they submit td your Lordship's consideration, whether the order of the Adjutant-General for them to ad vrithout waiting for the dirediotts of the civil magistrate should still continue, dr whether it would not be more expedient in the prefect state of things to recal that order, and fobjed them as usual to the civil cm-gistrate.”

Thomas Wooldridge, JSfqg , /fldermt* ef

Bridge-ward, to Lord

- “I have received intelligence, thtt the rioters mean to afleffiblfc on London bridge this evening, for the jiurpdfe of destroying the water-works. 1 have to Tequcft your Lordship’s assistance with a military force for defending that important pass.” '

Ditto to ditto.

' “ The mob are now aflbmbted la Tooley street,; and I believe mean to pass London bridge, destroy the waterworks there, and proceed to the New ] River, in order to cut pff the water, , and thHS bring pestilence into the city: a small military force may now prevent this dreadful calamity. I beg your Lotd--ship's arrfwer.” '‘ '

Ditto to ditto, Bridge-ifa+d, 4 o'clock, Frb

day.

‘‘ Two very suspicioup persons. baye been apprehended in my ward, haying in ttyeir poffiflion a number o handbills; one of which I have the honour to inclofo to your Lprdship,: they arc for meetings for several evenings to come.

1 have lodged the p^ffqns in the Poultry compter, until they ,cao be properly examined; and hope to get such information as may lead to the difeoyery of the ringleaders.”

Copy of the hand-bill.

“ Sir,

The favour of your company is desired at Mr Gooby’s, the Guy Earl of Warwick, in Belton street, St Giles's, on Monday the iath day of June, at fovea o’clock in the evening.

And you will oblige your humble ftr-

vant« \V*i. MVNlj PrcCdent,

Mf

Aojjl 1^80. Ah account of the

chosen friends I do invite.

Their ch^arfu) voices to uhite;

"Wfceti bright Phoebus is gone down. The bowl with pilrth the night shall crt>wn.”

JL&rd Amherst to Aid. White-

full. Jut* 9.

“ It will be proper to examine in the strictest manner the two persons you mention. Something useful may poflj-bly be discovered from them.”

committee of Bridge Ward Within to Lord Amherst, Junp 15.

We are directed, by the unanimous rr Col tit ion of a very numerous and respectable wardmote, held at Fiihmong-cr’s hall this day, before Thomas Wooldridge, Esq; Alderman, to apply to your Lord/hip for the King’s leave to aftbeiate ourselves, pursuant to the annexed plan, fqr the prefer ration of Ourselves and neighbours, against a renewal of the mifehtefs so recently experienced from a lavyfefs and licentious banditti. ' As the strongest sentiments of loyalty and affection to his Majesty and the constitution a^e our governing principles, we rely on your Lordship’s kind recommendation of this measure.”

The Plan referred to above.

A battalion company of fifty of the opulent part of the inhabitants, armed, ploathed, and taught the manual and platoon exercise, at their own expence, and pot to do duty out of Bridge ward.”

Lord Amherst to Aid. W , June 16.

‘ “ Having laid before the King the letter of yesterday’s date, signed by several gentlemen of the ward of Bridge within, that you put intp my hands this morn? Ing, — I am to acquaint you, that it is not thought expedient that any persont should be permitted to use arms, otherwise thap for the immediate defence,of their houses, or being under the command of personfc receiving comrailTions from the King.’*

Aid. Wooldridge to Lord Bridge

ward, June 17.

« — I am ditelted to request. of your Lordfiiip the honour of an answer to the following question: Will his Majesty be graciously pleased to confirm the appointment of the officers, tb be infiftl-

tumults in London, &c. 411

dlatily named' by the gentlemen affocia-ted for the preifervation of Bridge wart}, (being members of that association), and also,* that the fauj officers shall be fub-jelt to the regulations of their (landing committee I*9

Lord Amherst to Aid. Wooldridge, ,

June 17.

* — The question you propose to me is of such a nature, that it does not appertain to me to give an answer there-to.”'

Lord Amherst to Col. Twifleton, (the -ter alluded to in the Lord Mayor's letter dated Jftne 14. [409.]^, ,

June 14.

* — I cannot say more regarding

the proposal for putting arms into the hands of the inhabitants of the city, than is contained in my letters to you of Mons day’s and yesterday’s date; and 1 fully approve of your conduit upon the whole of this business.

There can be no doubt, that the Aldermen, in proposing to arm their wards, Incan by way of general defence; bu£ supposing that the assembling the inhabitants under arms was legal, the inconveniencies which-you have stated to the mayor, &c. as likely to arise from the motley appearance of the armed inhabit tants in case of the rioters assembling a* gain, should, I think, be sufficient to induce the magistrates of the city to drop the intention.

I have laid before the King’s confidential servants all your letters upon this subject, together with copies of my answers to them; and I am very glad to inform you, that your conduit has received their full approbation, as well as that of,” See.

The Lord Mayor laid before the court of Aldermen, June 16. a letter Ggned, Barnard Turner, Commanding Officer of the London Military Foot Ajfociation; in which that corps return their thanks to the common council of Londbn, who did them the honour of accepting their Cervices on vVednesday, June 7. [358.]; and Mr Turner proposes, with the approbation of the magistrates, after the c-vitiing of June 16. only to mount guard," without parade, or marching in a body, with fifty gentlemen; who meant to continue their attendance from seven in (he evening to four in the foorning, until they lhfald receive the direltlons of 3 F a the

412 , King’s speech.onfhetumults. Vol.42.

the eourt to the contrary,- and the cause of their first offers of services should be fully and satisfactorily done away. — The court thanked the corps, 4< for the very eminent services they have done in assisting to preserve the peace of this city in the late riotous meetings and tumultuous assemblies;” and the court requeued the continuance of their services.

Mr Alderman Kirkman, who had acted at the head of the light-horse volunteers of London, informed the court on the fame day, “ That the fame zeal for the public which had brought forth the services ol those gentlemen, be ventured to say would induce a continuance as long as the magistracy required them.” —The court thanked them lifcewife, and requeued the continuance of their services.

1 Among the active magistrates for quelling the tumults were the Aldermen "Wilkes and Pugh, and Sir Watkin Lewes, in the city, and MelT. Wright and Addington, jutyices of the peace in Westminster.

A fourth royal proclamation was issued, dated June ax. viz.

“ George R.

Whereas information has been received, that the late riots and turault9 in and about this metropolis were encouraged and abetted by money, or other rewards, given, or promiled to be given, to the persons concerned therein; and also bells, flags, and other (ignals and devices, were used during the said riots and tumults, to direct the rioters in their criminal acts and proceedings, and to give notice of attempts or preparations to flipprefs, refill, or interrupt the fame: We therefore, taking the fame into our most firious consideration, by and with the advice of our Privy Council, in order to detect and bring to justice the persons guilty of any of the criminal acts above mentioned, are graciously pleased to promise, Xh*t if any person shall difr cover any other person or persons, who, by themselves, or their agents, gave or offered, or promised. to give, any money, or other reward, to any person or persons, to engage or continue in the said riots or tumults,* or to do or assist it* any of the criminal acts committed dfij ring the continuance of the said riots and tumults, or who made pfe of any bells, flags, or other fig/ials or devices, to »li-red the rioters in any' of theft* criminal

i 1

acts and proceedings, or to give notice ! of attempts or preparations to suppress, refill, or interrupt the fame, so as that the person or persons discovered may be ' prosecuted, such discoverer shall nave and receive as a reward, upon conviction of such offender or offenders, the fam of

One hundred pounds; and the Commis* sioners for executing the office of Treasurer of our Exchequer are hereby required to make payment thereof accordingly;”

It was resolved in a court of Aldermen on Tucfdayj July 18. 14 That as the executions have passed with perfect peace and quiet, and there being no appearance of any riots within this city, no further allowance be made to the troops by this city after Saturday next.”

, The greater part of the military were removed from the city on the 25th of July, and the rest soon after.

The encampment in Hyde park broke up on the 10th of August.

As in the account of these tumults, we have related the proceedings in parliament each day before the adjournment, we shall here insert the proceedings concerning the tumults on the meeting of parliament.

Both Houses having met on Monday, June 19. the day to which they had adjourned, the King made the following speech to them.

“My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The outrages committed by bands of desperate and abandoned men, in various parts of this metropolis, broke forth with such violence into acts of felony and treason, had so far overborne all civil authority, and threatened so dircdly the immediate subversion of all legal power, the destruction of all property, and the confulion of every order in the state, that I found myself obliged, by every tie of duty and affection to my people, to suppress, in every parj, those rebellious in-: iurredions, and to provide for the public safety, by the most efiVdual and immediate application of the force intrusted to me by parliament.

I have directed copies of the prbcla-mations ifined upon that occasion to be laid before you.

Proper orders have been given for bringing the authors and abettor^ of these , in furred ions, and the perpetrators of such

prjm.injfl acts, to speedy trial, and to such t condign punishment as the laws of their

...country I

\Aug.1780. . Lord* fcn the tumults.

country prescribe, and as the vindication of public justice demands.

Though I trust it is not necessary, yet I think it right at this time, to renew to you my solemn a flu ranees, that I have no other object but to make the laws of the realm, and the principles of our excellent constitution in church and state, the rule and measure of my conduit; and I shall ever consider it as the first duty of my (lation, and the chief glory of my reign, to maintain and preserve the established religion of my kingdoms; and, as far as in me lies, to secure and to perpetuate the rights-and liberties of my people.”

After the King had withdrawn, the JDuke of Dorset recapitulated the several circumstances of the late dreadful riots; expatiated on the amiable virtues, great resolution, and admirable conduit of his Majesty, at that alarming crisis; and then moved an humble address, to thank his Majesty for his gracious speech, and to express the highelt approbation of that House, of all the measures taken to sup-dress the riots; which address was worded nearly in the fame terms as the speech.

Lord Dudley Ward seconded the motion, and followed the fame line of detail on the subject of the riots, and was equally warm in his commendations of the wisdom and lenity shewn by his Majesty on the occasion.

The Duke of Richmond rose, not to oppose the motion for an address, but to objelt to some parts of it, to which he could not so readily assent, unless he heard some further explanation of them. His Grace could not think, that an immediate application had been made of the force entrusted to his Majesty by parliament; neither could he so clearly fee the absolute ncccflily there was for using the military power; for if the magistrates had done their duty in time, the civil power might have been sufficient to have quelled the riots; but at all events the military came too late, and therefore it could not be said that immediate relief had been given to the subjelts in the hour of their greatest distress.

His Grace then adverted to the proclamations < n the table, which he said he ftiouid dtfire to have read; and v.ilhed to have it knov n, whether we are now under martial law, and how long the mir litary force i r. idvn und us: for,jn his opinion, purlia’.iKnt could hardly be said

to be free; while it was overawed by the near approach of such'an arnied force, it might be dangerous to speak with freedom, as he now intended to do, and to censure the conduit of the commander in chief of the army. Hie then took notice of two letters font by Lord Amherst into the city to Col, Twifleton, who commanded the military in the city, requiring him to dilhroi the citizens, who had armed for the defence of their lives and properties, and to order them to deliver up their firelocks; declaring it to \?t unlawful for them to appear in arms without a commission from the King, or his approbation.

These letters his Grace considered as a violation of the constitutional right that every Protestant subject has to keep and bear arms for the defence of his person and his property; and if the doltrinelaid down in those letters was once admitted, there was an end of our liberty. If these letters therefore were to be taken as part of the conduit of government, he should be sorry to have it go forth as the voice of the House that they approved it by an address of thanks: neither could he, confident with the principles which he had always adhered to, consent to approve the conduit of an administration which he had always difap-proved.

He had likewise, he said, had the mif-fortune to differ in opinion from the Noble Lord who has the command of the army, upon many occasions; and he owned he could not approve of these letters; copies of which his Grace had obtained, and thought they demanded the ft ri It eft parliamentary scrutiny.

Lord Amherst, in justlflcatiop of the two letters, said, they exaltly corre-fponded with the requisition made by the J.ord Mayor and Aldermen, who had represented to the Privy Cduricil, that the mob had got possession of various kinds of arms, and amongst the rest of firelocks, and were doing great vnifehief -with them, and desiring that the military fright be ordered to take them from the rioters; but it was by no means understood, that the artns were to be taken a-way from the , A Hoc in ted Citizens, who had armed thefrfetvl’s Very properly for the defence of their* fives an properties, nor that they Were so be'ordered to disarm: no such thing was intended; thq expressions in the letters could not be so

cod-

L.

4>4 *' Ldrds oil flit tJimult*. ' Vb1.42.

cocftruedj neither were they so by Cot. Twifleton, Who gave orders to'fcize the |urms of rioters and fbfpicious persons only. . Earl 3athurst, Lord Presidept, made *distindipn between the right which the subject eryoyia by law to keep and to bear arms for his own defence, and putting themselves in military array, that is to fey, in bodies, without a commission from the King. He vindicated the orders gi-yen by the commander in chief in his letters; and asked, if a lawless mob were tQ be Cuffered to carry arms, and to commit all forts of violence, under the notion of the subjects* right to keep arms for their defence ? And he added, that though the disturbances were checked, he did not know that they were quelled.

The Dukr of Richmond retorted, by Silking, if the citizens of London in affo-ciations, appearing in arms for the defence of their lives and property, when io other protection was offered them ip time, were to be considered as a mob who had no right to array themselves in such a time ofimminent danger, without 3 commission from the king

The Duke of Manchester said a few words about the construdion of treason, and hoped, that in the orders given for bringing the guilty to trial,. care would be taken to distinguish what was really treason from what might be construed into it. His Grace expressed his fears abdut the exertion of prerogative: he desired to know how long the military force was to have a power to ad dif-cretionally, how long they were to be Rationed in and about the town, and that some Noble Lord would inform him, whether at this hour we are under martial law, or governed by the law of the land

Lord Talbot besought the House to f>c unanimous in their add refs of thanks; be considered the two letters from the Commander in chief, as having nothing to dQ with if .; they were a separ^te subject, and If there wa3 any thing wrong In them, let it be enquired into and fitted to the bottom on another day; for his own part, he was free to declare, that he thought every proteAant subject had a right to arm himself for b>s. own defence; and he wished to fee every good citizen able to'dtfchd him.frlf and is country; he was nor friend to laige anding armies; byt that had nothing %o do with the address; the speecli was a yery, good ouc,' and* the measures* that"

had been taken had been the salvation of the country. He therefore hoped foreigners would fee, by the unanimity of the House, that they totally disapproved and discouragea those outrages which had brought upon us a national disgrace thgt nothing else could efface.

Earl Mansfield lamented* that no q-ther Lord had got up to prevent any mifrepresentations going forth out of doors concerning the late proceedings; but as no one Lord had done it, he thought it his duty to (late to the House what is the law of the land; and to declare, that ev£ry thing that had been done for the suppression of the late riots, had been done, not by virtue of the royal prerogative, butcxadly in conformity to the law of the land; and all the proceedings, he maintained, must be juffified or condemned by the law of the land. No command from the King, no order froqi the Privy Council, can make that lawful which is not so by the law of the land. Neither can the military plead any such command or order for acts of violence not authorised by law; they cannot he tried for them by a court-martial, they are accountable to the laws of their country.

There are circumstances in which there is no distinction between the civil and the military man. Such was the present case. A banditti, a numerous mob, proceeding by a regular plan, on a fuddeB grow too powerful for the civil magistrates, and the peace-officers under themy under a speciou? pretext of religioy, they proceed to acts of felony and treason, subversive of all government they set open prisons, burn down houses, attack courts of justice, and public offices, np way concerned in the bill in qutflion.

For my own part, laid his Lordship, it happened by accident that I never attended while the bill was before the House; I never opened my lips abont it:

I say, by accident; because, as there was no oppolition, and 1 had other duty.

1 was not in the House when it was passed. But my opinion is well knowm: I have always thought it agreeable to the laws of God and of nations, to fufler every man to enjoy religious toleration j I have egprefird it upon many occaficns in favour of the Protestant dissenters, and have supported the Mcthodifts, when they have been obliged to prosecute person$ for dillurbing them in their wor-ffiip.

J^u£.^8o. Lords bad Common* ea tumults. 41$

As to thr* bill, if ta; abuse has bee* Earl Bathurst, after mentipning the made of it; if the Roffiao^Cathblics do many bad consequeopes th.xt might hap* Dot coniine themfeltts to educating their ptn to Iheriffa, jailors, See. from the re* own children at home, ioftebd of lending leafing of prisoners by the mob from tb* therm -abroad, which waft more detriment several prisons, and also forat itaponve-tal, but wiM Undertake te educate Prote- o.iencies to the prisoners themselves, men stant children, some step may be tftkeu to y.ed, That the judges be ordered to prcr alter the bill, and prevent it. The wif- pare a bill, to indemnify the (heriffa^ dom of parliament will provide for that&c. , for the consequcncea of the late re* TPHe Romish schools may he registered, lease of the prisoners by the riotousaiob ft and the number of their children and fe- which was unanimously agreed to, and turns be made to the bishop of every di- ordered accordingly, ,; r.

ocrefe; it may also be made criminal in As soon as the Commons returned to them to undertake the education of Pro- their own House from that -of the Lord* testant children. But this is a matter of the Speaker read the speech which consideration for another day. King had delivered from the throne.

His Lordship then Hated, that in ca- Lord Beauchamp then rose, and in ft fes of rebellion, or of such infiirreftions short speedi described the hprrpra of ,th* of the people, wherein felony or treason late tumults; asserted the neceflhy of 13 actually committing or committed, e- employing the military to <juell theme very man has a right to interfere to (up* and concluded with a, motion fqr am press or prevent it. His Lordship then humble add refs of thanks to his Majesty described various acts of felony and trea- for the parental care he.bad taken to quest son committed by the late mobs, such as the late internal commotions, and re* pulling down and setting fire to house#, (lore the public tranquillity*,; ;

breaking open prisons, attacking the Mr Macdonald seconded the motion* bank, &C. all of which amounted to le- and expressed hist warmest approbation of vying war against the king’s peiTon and the measures that had been adopted to government; and he particularly dwelt supprcls the riots, upon insurrections to oblige the legifia- Mr Fox agreed in part with the Hoii* ture to repeal laws enacted, or to enact Gentlemen who moved and seconded th« any laws by compulfidrt, as acts of high address. He admitted, that it was necefta* treason. ry to employ the military when a riot wM

The conclusion he drew was, that in fullered to grow too great for the civil att these cases any subject, whether civil power; but as much credit as he gave or military, has a right to apprehend ministers for the suppression of the tu* and secure the offenders; and if he can* ftiubs, as much blame did he lay at thelf riot, he fnay proceed to the extrenuft door for not checking it in its birth* violence; he may put therfi to death; Upon the whole, he hoped, that if any and this is the law of the land: the mi- future occasion Ihculd call for vigorous litai y therefore did not aft by the prero* measures, ministers would be a little left gative of the Crown, but by the law of indolent, and shew themselves in earnest the land. from the beginning. He trusted also*

The address was then voted item, eon, that the calling forth the military Upoh The Duke of Richmond then moved the late alarming occasion, would not b$ to address the King, that he would be eftaldifticd as a precedent for preferring plealed to order copies of the two letters the soldiery to the civil power. As to from Lord Amherst to Col. Tvvifleton the present address, it met his warmest dated June it. and 15. and also a copy Alpport, because he thought the wicked-©fthe Lord Mayor’s plan of defence of ncls of the rioters had exceeded the wicr

the city} to be laid before the House. kednefs of ad----- n; and in such timet

Lord Amherst said, there was a third of civil and lawlcfs tumult, it certainly frtter, explanatory of the others, which behoved moderate men to stand by eacH lie desired might be added, with the other in defence of their country.; Duke’s permission, to the motion. The Mr Burke declaimed with uriusual vche* ? Duke replied, that he had no objection; mence against the authors and abettor^ he never meant to do things by halves; of the late riots, whom he termed a fefc that letter had not come to his know* of deluded fanatics; and fpokc in sup* ledge, or he should have noticed it. The, port of the bill they riotobfl/ petitioned motion Was then carried. kgatnft

4t6 Commons on the tumult*, &c. VoL 42,

against, as an act that was founded in the true wifdora of parliament, and therefore ought not to repealed at the ‘dictatorial requisition of a lawless rabble. Lord North, after paying ajull encomium to the merit of the soldiery in their endeavours to suppress the riots, informed the House, that he intended to move for a bill of indemnity, for having called in the aid of the soldiery; becatife it bright otherwise appear a measure that militated against the spirit of the consti-tdtion. He should likewise move for national restitution being made to the several sufferers in confeauence of the riots; for had government* been able at that time to have given them the necessary protection, they would not have fettered in their property. As to the act which had occasioned the tumults, it would, (incc tranquillity was reltored, undergo an immediate enquiry; but he thought it behoved that House to weigh well the confluences that might attend its repeal under all its present circura-ftancts.

Sir P. Jennings Clerke accused the ministry of having been extremely negligent in suppressing the tumults. Many of the buildings that now lay in ruins, might, he said, have been saved, if his information had been attended to He himself had waited twice on the commander in chief and others, and informed them of the danger with which the king's bench prifoo was threatened; but his information was disregarded, and the prison was reduced to ashes.

TThe Secretary at War acquitted the ministry of negligence; and attributed what was called indolence in them to the want of troops; for when the riot first began, and the apprehensions of individuals became violent, so many applications had been made for troops, that, previous to the arrival of the militia, it wasimpoffible to satisfy half the calls that had been made.

The address was agreed to unant -moufly.

Lord North delivered the following message. — I am commanded by his Majesty to acquaint this House, that his Majesty has caused the Rt Hon. Lord George Go goo*, a member of this House, to be apprehended and committed for High Treason." [403.]

A motion was then made, that an bumble address be prefeoted to his Majesty, to return to his Majestjr the thanks of this House, for communication the reason for which the Rt Hon. Lord George Gordon, a member of this Hook, was apprehended and committed. — The motion was agreed to; and the add refs ordered to be presented to his Majesty by such of the members as were Privy Coua-fellors.

Both Lords and Commons, in their addresses in answer to the King’s speech, express their utmost abhorrence and de-teftation of the outrages committed, in various parts of the metropolis, by bands of desperate and abandoned men; — and both approve of the measures that

were taken to suppress them.----- The

Lords say, “We beg leave to testify oar warmest gratitude to your Majesty, for your parental care and concern for the protection of your subjects, so manifest in the measures your wisdom directed in this urgent necessity, to suppress, in e* very part, these rebellious insurrections, and to provide for the general safety, by the restoration of public peace.” — and the Commons say, “We think it our indispensable duty, to acknowledge, with the warmest emotions of gratitude, duty, and affection, your Majesty’s paternal care, and concern for the protection of your subjects, in the measures which your Majesty, as the father of your people, and the guardian of public safety, took in the hour of extreme and imminent necessity, for the immediate and effectual suppression of those rebellious insurrections.”

The King, in his answer to the Lords address, fays, “ Your abhorrence of the rebellious insurrections, and your unanimous approbation of the measures taken to suppress them, must have the raoft fa-lutary effects — and in his answer to the Commons address, after returning them his cordial and particular thanks,

“ for this loyal, affectionate, and unanimous address,” he adds, “ Union, at this time, must have the best and most important consequences: nothing can more powerfully assist me in preferring the public safety, and securing reverence for the laws, and obedience to legal government. Be allured that it is my constant and ardent desire to promote the happiness of all ray subjects, and to deserve the confidence and support of a free people”

Exettttiast

'Aug. 1780,

Executions of the Rioters.

4*7

Executions tf the Rioters,

*T*Wenty-six of the rioters on whom fcn fence of death was pronounced, Slave been executed at or near the places where they had been respectively concerned, In demolifliing houses, or 5n extorting money [362.]. — The executions began on Tuesday, July n. on which day five were executed. — A little before seven o’clock about 200 of the London Association, and about 50 of the White regiment of city-militia, with upwards of 300 constables, attended at Newgate, (which was refitted for the reception of prisoners), to guard the malefactors to the place of execution. —The first was James Pateman, who a-feended the cart about ten minutes pad seven, and was executed in Coleman street. The procefiion was as follows. First, a dozen of the sheriffs men on horseback, with javelins; then thirty or forty constables, with staves; Mr Gates, the city-marihal; a company of the White regiment of militia; two companies of the City-Association; the Sheriffs in their chariots; Mr Vilette, Ordinary of Newgate, in a carriage; the cart with the criminal and executioner; the under-sheriff in a carriage; constables; and the procefiion dosed with two parties of the City* Association, the latter of whom was habited as light infantry. It was with difficulty Mr Vilette could prevail on the criminal to strip his hat of a blue cockade, which he Insisted to wear, declaring, that he died a martyr for the Pro* testant cause, and should leave the world chearfully. Mr Vilette remonstrated with him on his mistaken notion of religion, and advised him not to palliate his guilt, but to prepare for his awful fate, a necessary part or which was, to abandon that spirit of riot which had brought him to an ignominious death. The prisoner then differed the cockade to be taken away. At the place of execution he looked several times at the ruins of the house he bad assisted to demolish, and ihook his head. He appeared penitent, and when the cart drew away, cried a-loud, Lord Jesus, receive roy foulI” From Coleman street the Sheriffs and all their attendants returned to Newgate, and carried William Browne to execution in Bishopsgate street. His father, a gray-headed man, accompanied him, and kissed him before the cart dr$w away. Mr Vilette having alkcd the pri-Vql.XLU.

foner, if he was not sensible of his guilt? he answered, that he really believed he was; and said he was in liquor when he committed the crime.

William Macdonald, Mary Roberts, and Charlotte Gardner a negro, were executed on Tower-hill. The man was hanged between the two women: they embraced each other, and he (hook hands with them. They were all penitent.

Three were executed on Wednesday, July 12. viz. Richard Roberts, a lad of seventeen years of age, for demolifliing Sir John Fielding’s house, and Benjamin Taplin, for extorting money from an apothecary in Russel street; these were executed at the end of Bow street, Covent-garden; and James Henry, convicted of being a ringleader in demolifliing Mr Langdale’s house, was execute^ at the bottom of Hatton-garden, Hol-burn. They were all penitent, and acknowledged their guilt.

Enoch Fleming was executed at the end of Woodstock street, on Thursday, Inly 13. He was penitent, and acknowledged his guilt. He was an industrious roan, maintaining a wife and four children by his business, that of basket-ma-king, at which he worked fifteen hours a-day.

Three were executed on Thursday, July 20. viz. William Gamble, at Bethnal green; Samuel Solomons, a Jew, at the end of Black-Lion yard, Whitechapel; and James Jackson, opposite Newgate. — Gamble prayed with great zeat and devotion, was by trade a cabinetmaker, and had a wife and four or five children. Solomons, on coming out of Newgate, said, “ Though I am a Jew, pray for me, dear brother*prisoners and spedfators, as 1 do for you all: I hope to fee you all in heaven.” He prayed^ fervently, and frequently said, u God forgive my enemies.” He was some time Once a merchant at Smyrna, and carried on a great traffic thence to Holland, and other parts of Europe. Jackson's behaviour was devout and manly: he was by trade a watchmaker, had a. ^ood character, and left a wife, so delirious on account of his fate as to be con-, fined, and three young children.

Five were executed on Friday, July at. viz. Thomas Price, James burn, and Benjamin Waters, in Old* street road, opposite the end of Golden Lane* and Jonathan Stacey and George Staples {n Moorfields.—Price acknowledged^ $ G. he

4*8 Execution* of the Rioter*, Stc, . VOL 4?.

he had broke, three or four panes, which approved of.-It has, however, been

was all the damage he had done, and a* vowed he was not hired or fooke to by any person to join the mob. Waters acknowledged that he was in the house with the mob, and had a hatchet in his hand, but did not carry it in with him; and said he was not aware of the danger which he now too dearly experienced. Burn said, he did no damage whatever, but was in the house; and hoped forgiveness for all his fins. Stacey was a watchmaker, and Staples a muffin-maker, the latter has left a wife and two children.

Two tyere executed on Saturday, July aa. viz. Charles Kent and John Gray, in Bloomsbury square. They were both cripples, and young, and behaved penitently.

Six were executed on Wednesday Aug.

9. near the Kings-bench, in St George^s fields, viz. Robert Lovell, Edward Dorman and Mary Cook, Oliver Johnson and Elisabeth Collins, and John Bridport; and all behaved decently.

One was executed on Tuesday, Aug. jt*. in St George’s fields, viz. Henry Penny. He was a captain among the rioters. He had been respited a fortnight on a plea of insanity; which not appearing to be founded, orders were sent Aug.

29. for his execution.

Of the rioters there were tried, at the Old Bailey and St Margaret's-hill, in all, 135; of these, 76 were acquited, and 59 were capitally convicted; and of the convicts, 33 were respited, and 36 executed.

Eight of the Bath rioters [406.] were tried at Wells, on Friday, Aug. by the Judges Nares and Heath; of whom seven were acquitted; and one, John Bu tier, late servant to Mr Baldwin of Bath, was found guilty, and received sentence of death. His indictment bore, that he, and twenty others, on the 9th of June, began to demolish the house of John Brewer, (the Popish priest, whose house bad a communication with the chapel at Bath), and an outhouse belonging to him. — This condemned criminal was carried privately in a post-chaise from Wells to Bath on Sunday, and was executed next day, Monday, Aug. 28. at the end of Pear-tree lane, near the Ro-mifh chape).

[We hope our having given a full account of these riots, fwhich Judge Nares, in his charge to the jury at Wells, pronounced to be unparallelted in the annals of this or any other country), will be

justly observed, that the proper measures

of prevention were neglected to be taken. Our readers will remember, that, in 1771, upon ao apprehension only, that the livery of London meant to attend the Lord Mayor, at delivering a petition to the King, notice was sent to his Lordfiiip, that no person6 beyond the number allowed by law £33. 705.] would be admitted; and accordingly only that number, ten, attended his Lordship, dec. [33. 388.].—What mifebief (fays a correspondent) might have been prevented, by giving such notice to Ld George Gordon on this occasion, and by authoritatively informing the people assembled in St George’s Fields of the illegality of their proceedings and intentions ! If all our senators had forgot, as probably Lord George did forget, the ait 1661; yet surely such members as were of the common council of London in 1771 cannot be supposed to have forgot the requisition then made to comply with that law, (as just now mentioned), and the obedience paid to that re? quisition, by persons who were not in a humour of submilting to the least encroachment on their rights and privileges. Our correspondent adds, that it may with ju-dice be pleaded for Lord George, as an alleviation at least, that though he gave the most public notice of his intentions, both in the public papers, and in parliament, yet not the least intimation was made to him that they were illegal. — Lord Loughborough, in his charge to the jury [338.], reminded them of tbs ad 1661, above quoted, when the pu-nifliment of delinquents was the object in view: how happy might it probably have been, had that law been humanely intimated to Lord George Gordon, and the multitudes he had convened, by way of prevention, before any mischief wai committed !]

The prog rest of the ifla of St Domingo,

Fro"* a memoir presented by a committee of mer~

chants at Bourdeauxto Mess. Neckar and tin toJbevi the importance of profteating the -war with the great eft vigour in that part of the-world. The annual value of all the produce of that for ten years, in the markets of France,

In 1 169£

1770 1,poo,000

1771 1,960,000

1771 1,840,000

*773 a,370,oooo

In 1774 £,

1773 a, 86#,oooo

*77! a.pjo.oooo *777 3,330,000

1778 3*roo,oooo

?AR-

Avg.17So. Parliament: Lords on Lord Amherst's letters. 4

PARLIAMENT. [374.]

Thx Duke of Richmond, in a short speech, on Wednesday, June ax. in the House of Lords, said, that some expref-fions in Lord Amherst’s letters to Co). Twifleton had given a general alarm, and spread doubts amongst the people, whether we are not at present under military government. then had the

three letters from Lord Amherst to Col. Twifleton, dated June 1%. ij. and 14. [4o8,4ix.]read by the clerk, and afterwards the act i° Will, and Mary, for settling the succession to the crown; in which the rights of the subjects are declared, jfnd, amongst others, the right of all Protestant subjects to keep and bear arms for their own defence. His Grace then founded a motion thereon to the follow-purport: * That it is the opinion of this House, that the letter from Lord Am* herft of the 13th of June, to Col. Twifleton, then commanding an armed force in the city, in which he orders him to disarm the citizens, who bad armed themselves for the defence of their lives and properties, and to detain their arms, contains a command or order which invades the property of the said citizens, and violates one of their most sacred rights, that of bearing arms for their defence, declared to be so by the act of the first of William and Mary.’* — The Duke contended that this was a very unwarrantable step of the commander in chief, and highly censurable. He did not consider it as an error in the hurry of business at such a crisis, but as a direct attack upon the liberties of the people, and a step towards introducing the military power to act upon all occasions of disturbances without the civil power, and to discountenance all plans of the people to aflbeiate and arm themselves for the preservation of the peace. — In fine, he called upon the law-lords, and laid there were enough of them in the House, to give their opinion, whether the military acting under an order of the privy council without the magistrate, are acting according to the law of the land, or if we are to consider ourselves as under a military government.

A long and interesting debate took place, in which little was advanced on either fide, but what has been said, upon moving for copies of Lord Amherst’s letters on Monday. [413.]

The only speakers lor the motion, be-

fldes the Noble mover, were the Duke of Grafton and Lord Ravensworth.

The opposers of the motion were the Earl of Carlisle, Lord Townshend, Lord Stormont, the Lord Chancellor, and Lord Mansfield.

The main ground of their argument4 was, That the necelfity of the case jut ftified the conduct of the commander iq chief; that his orders had clearly been under ft ood by Col. Twifleton, not to mean disarming reputable citizens, who badaftbeiated and armed themselves, and were thanked for so doing; but upoii the representation of the Lord Mayor, that persons of no character were going about the streets with weapons, and carrying rusty firelocks to be cleaned and repaired; he had applied to Lord Am* herft to know how to act, and had re* ceived orders to seize the arms of all fii* fpicious persons, and to keep them safe till further orders.

The Lord Chancellor maintained, that the fast stated in the motion was not true$ and even if it were, he said he would vote against the motion at this crisis; a a he did not know that the mischief was yet at an end, and it would be highly improper to paf$ a censure on the cou-dust of Lord Amherst, and the military under him, who had deferred the highelt commendations for their conduct. Hit Lordship defined what a military govern* ment was, and plainly demonstrated that no such thing exists in this country. A government cannot be military while the soldiers and their officers are amenable to the common law of the land.

Lord Mansfield, in confirmation of the doctrine he had laid down on Mon? day, that the military on the late occasion acted under the common law, as all other subjects are requested to do in cases of rebellion and felony, mentioned a new circumftauce concerning the late diabolical premeditated plan for the destruction of London: A party of the mob attempted to cut off the water at the New-River head, Qn the Wednesday evening, when there were so many fires, but were providentially prevented by some sailors. They had also designed to destroy the offices of records. In ftiort, said his Lordship, whether the plan was from a foreign or a domestic enemy, it was to compass no less than the reducing all London to ashes, and destroying public credit. — His Lordship seemed to think the danger not yet over 3 and till it

420 Parliament: Commons on the military acting. Vol- 4

is, that the affidance of the military is necessary, and according to law, being justified by the occasion.

The motion was rejected without a di-▼ifion.

After the concltifion of the debate, Lord Amherst rose, and declared, that though he would not venture to trouble their Lordships with any thing respecting himself, he should think he acted very Improperly, if he neglected to express the very great satisfaction which all the principal officers, whose conduct he bad articular opportunity of observing, had iven him, by the spirit, regularity, and Attention, which they manifeded during the late alarming insurrections.

' On Monday, July 3. Mr David Hartley rose in the House of Commons, and said, he intended to make a motion re spefting the military government which had been introduced into the capital in consequence of the late riots. He was pot then prepared to say, whether the necessity for calling in the military was Dot in the fird indance ptirpofely created; but this he was free to declare, And ready to maintain, that, parliament fitting, and in the full exercise of the ifovercign power, that it amounted almost to an abdication of that power, hot to refumc their conditutional functions, and sanctify, by law, what in itself, from the spur of the occasion, had become perfectly judifiable, the preservation of the date superseding every form, and of course every inferior confederation.— The absence, however, of the Noble Lord in the blue ribbon, the o-ftenfible minider, who was absent, as he underdood, from indifpofuion, prevented him, in point of candour, from bringing on the quedion; he would therefore podpone his intended motion for the present; reserving to himself, at the same time, his fird intention, that of bringing it forward some day before the prorogation, in order that it might iindergo a full and candid difeuffion.

Accordingly, on Wednesday, July 5. the fame gentleman made the following motion: “ That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, dating, that although his faithful Commons have thought it their indispensable duty, to express in the drongeft terms their abhorrence of the proceedings of the late tumultuous assemblies, and of the criminal alls of outrage and violence com-

mitted by them [4x6.J; yet that tbrf mud equally guard against any ill conic-quences which may arise to the liberties and civil conditution of this country, by the employment of the military force, unconneftedly with the civil magiftxates, for the luppreflion of such tumults: That it appears to his faithful Commoni, that the issuing general orders to all b;$ Majesty’s officers throughout the kingdom, to proceed in the suppression of tumults by an immediate exertion of their utmod force, without waiting for the directions of the civil magistrates, is, in its effect, nothing Icfs than the fub-version of the civil magidracy of this country, in respect to the preservatioa of the public peace, and the fnbftitutioa of a military government at discretion in its place: That such principles are fundamentally repugnant to the spirit of this conditution, and to the provisions of an act of parliament, passed in the fird year after the acccflion of his Maje-fty’s family to the throne of these kingdoms, inti tied, An act for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters; ” by which act such magistrates as are iuveded with the dvQ power, after proclamation made, (or prevented by violence from being made), are, according to their judgement and discretion, authorised and impowered to command all his Majesty’s subjects of age and ability to be affiding to them: To represent to his Majesty, that it is the most alarming of all possible considerations to his faithful Commons, to lee the civil power superseded by thp military by a general order throughout the kingdom, in consequence of which, the military now remains under orders to act without waiting for directions from the civil magistrates: That his faithful Commons, in these circumstances, think it their indispensable duty to their countiy, which they represent, most eaineltly to requed of his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to take these things into his consideration, and to give a suit* able relief to his people, by replacing the military force as usual under the direction of the civil power, for the pur* pose of suppressing tumults and riotous assemblies according to the laws and constitution of these kingdoms.”

Mr Hartley, following exactly the lioe of argument made ufc of by the Duke

of

L»

A»ug, 1780. Parliament: Commons on the military acting; Sec. 421

of Richmond, infilled, that military go- city, in the very feat of government* vernment is (till in force, and will con- Sir Philip Jennings Clerke and Mr tinuc so till the general orders issued to Dempster (poke in favour of the motion* the military be recalled. He wilhed to Upon a division the motion was reject-fee the civil magistrates reinstated in their ed by 50 votes against 6. functions, and supported when requi- The Commons were in a committee fitc by the military power; but he thought seven times on the bill moved for and it unconstitutional, and very alarming, to brought in by Mr Burke, “ for the bet-have such large bodies of the military ter establishment of his Majesty’s civil e-dispersed m all parts of the metropolis, ftabiilliment,” [194. J, viz. March and alraoft surrounding it, inverted with 8. 13. so. April 28. May 18. *3. and a dllcretionary power to use violence a* June 23. The proceedings and debates' gain ft his Majesty’s subjects, before the on the 8th, 13th, and 20th of March* civil magistrate has declared that they have been already inserted [198, 242.3-arc offenders deserving such exertions, —On a motion by Mr Fox, the.House and too powerful in point of numbers impowered the committee, March 20. to be brought to justice by the proper to make proviiiun for: he abolition of the peace-officers. offices of the Lords and Gentlemen of Po-

Hc was answered by the Solicitor-Ge- lice, and the several offices belonging to neral; who maintained, that the civil that ertablilhment, in Scotland. Lord magistrates are at this hour reinstated in North did not object to the motion; but their functions, and that the military are said, that by his acquiescence then, he ix>w only protecting them in their duty, did not bind himself to support the dause He appealed to the Hon. member him- in the committee.

(elf, whether this is not the case at pre- Mr Burke, April 28. moved for then* sent at the sessions-house in the Old Bai- bolition of the offices of Matter of the - ley; the avenues to which are strongly Great Wardrobe, Matter of the Robes, guarded by constables, and the military the Jewel-office, — He laid, he had are only Rationed there to protect them, imagined that housekeepers of palaces t as a proper precaution after the late un- were never appointed but to palace6 that i. parallelled insurrection and unexampled really existed, palaces of brick and stone:

5 outrages of a daring and furious mob. he was however mistaken; for it was Lord North denied, that the least idea clear by certain appointments, that there of a military government subsisting in were such things as Utopian palaces, this kingdom at present could be enter- perfectly immaterial buildings. He had tained by any cool dispassionate man. looked into the red book, and there he Could it be supposed, that the orders if- had seen such a phalanx of petticoat-; sued to the military upon the late extra* housekeepers to palaces, that he did not ordinary occasion, were ever meant to be dare to think of abolishing the ir; places, put in execution upon any emergency particularly as these housekeepers were but that of a mob overpowering the ci- ladies of the first families in the king-vil posse, and subverting magistracy it- dom, and because he did not think it self i Surely no man would think it improper that employments should be prudent in government to raise such an- given to women of high birth. other seene of wild uproar, havock, and Mr Gilbert said, that he was comp-devaluation; and, as it was impossible troller of the wardrobe for seventeen

for any one to take upon him to insure years. On his appointment he had made

the public safety, if the troops were himself matter of every thing concerning withdrawn before any circumstance con- it, by which he made a reduction of curred to demonstrate that the public 5001. a-year in it. The duties of the tranquillity is perfectly and permanently wardrobe were very extensive: The restored, he could not fee the wifiJom of clothing of the yeomen of the guards, the motion at the present moment. A warders of the tower, king’s trumpeters, j very short time would make it expedient furnishing the royal palaces, both hou-i to draw off the military; and in the fes of parliament, royal robes, clothing

; mean time they certainly would not ad of the royal children, the royal funerals,

independent of the orders of the civil coronations. Sec, were all within that i power, unless compelled to it by the fu- department.

perior violence of a mob; which God Lord Nugent, Sir Horace Mann, and; forbid should ever happen again in this Lord Ongley, disliked the mode of proceeding

L.

4it f^PafltairteDt iCbtftnitfna bn thei^orirtatFoa-bill. Vol.42.

feeding by act of parliament, fnstead of ftddrefs, in matters relating to the ceco-omy of the King’s household, the latter mode being more respcltful to the King: which Mr Burke treated jocularly.

Gen. Conway read many extralb from ^dilts of the present King of France, which breathed the purest language of patriotism, and paternal afftdlion for his people. Louis XVI. had fticceeded a grandfather whose reign had been a fe-ties of dissipation, which the grandson ieemed determined to avoid. The war was carried on, the public expences pro tided for, and yet no additional tax had been imposed. While we had been obliged to raise by new taxes the interest of k>an6 to the amount of forty millions, the French King had been enabled by {economical retrenchments in his honfe-bold, to with-hold new burdens from the should era of his people: he gave up much of the pomp of his court, and by real alts of paternal affeltion had well deserved the name of a patriot king. The French ministers who gave such good advice to their sovereign, deserved every encomium; whilst our governors, by not having advised their prince to any alt of feconomy, fell far behind.

Lord North made the following observation with regard to the finances of France and England. The former were indeed under the management of a very able, and a very honest financier. But the conltitution of both countries was no less different in point of finance, than in that of legislation. In England a mi* nifter was obliged to bring a lptcifie tax for every public loan. In France it was otherwise: the power of the crown, which in popular governments is divided between a number of people, procures expedients in an absolute monarchy unknown to a limited one; and perhaps, of the few things that were good in absolute governments, the prerogative of the crown in that particular was the best. But when so much ttrefs was laid upon the reform that took place in the household of the French King, it should be remembered, that the French civil list had three times the income of that of England. And in that income were not included the salaries for the support of ambafiadors at foreign courts. The secret-service money was supplied from a distinlt fund; as was all'o the whole establishment of the courts of justice; so that the King of France might

well suppress a great many unnecessary places, and leave himself, for his house-hold only, exefufive of ambafHidors, judges, &c. double the sum which the King of England expends for the support of his court, his emballies, and his judges. If the British Sovereign enjoyed such an income as the King of France, and did not save something from it, the charge against his ministers for not giving him better advice, would come with a good grace. But he would not admit that as great a reform had taken place in France as was supposed, at least if there was not better authority for the opinion than the mere wording of the royal edilts: for during the last reign in France, which had avowedly been a reign of dissipation and criminal munificence, the royal e-dilts spoke as patriotic and as (Economical a language, as that which is expressed in the edilts of the present reign.

But gentlemen were not to suppose that his Majesty was not at great expence during the war, in his private capacity as well as in his public. — The films paid inconsequenceofaddrefiesfrom that House, were advanced out of the cb vil lift, and not repaid for a considerable time. The sums advanced for the support of the American refugees, to the amount of 67,000! together with 40,0001. for secret services, were all advanced from the civil list. A petition had also been presented to his Majesty from the island of Barbadoes, complaining of great want of several necessaries in consequence of a bad crop, and praying relief: the King caused 30,0001. Worth to be sent to the island, and ordered that they should be sold at prime ccft; part of the money had since been repaid; but part remained (till, and ever would remain unpaid. Antigua had afterwards petitioned for limilar relief; and i6,ooool. worth of goods had been sent to the inhabitants on the fame terms; they afterwards drew on the treasury for 20,0001. and as they were in distress, it was thought proper not to distionour the bills. The’' crown advanced all this money; and not only was unreimbursed for a long time, but never would receive a shilling of a great part of the sum. Hence a very considerable loss to the crown, and hence likewise the cause of its being often in arrear.

He had been alked, when he applied

for an additional 100,0001, a-year to the civil lilt, if he would come any more / to

Aug. 1-780. Parliament: Gommcwon Up reformation'bill, 8re. 423

to parliament for the purposes of the civil lkt 00 any account whatever, even when the household of the Prince of Wales should be formed ([19. 297.]. At that time he had not thought it pro* per to make a reply, because he was delicate how he made a promise, unless* he were satisfied he should be able to perform it. Now he could speak, he believed, with confidence on the fubjcA; and he was happy to inform the House, that he hoped an establishment for the Prince of Wales could be defrayed from the civil list, without any more assistance from parliament.

If ministers had not stood forth and offered to the public a part of the civil list towards the defraying of the expences of the war, after the example of Anne, it was because the civil list would not bear it. That Queen gave up 100,0001. to the peopje for the purposes of the war, and gained great popularity for the €t: but after the royal grant had been given away for five years, the then mi-niftry were obliged to come to parliament for the payment of a debt of

6oo,ooool. contracted by the civil list ! If he had refrained to advise his Majesty to follow the example of Q^Anne, it was because be knew the civil list would thereby fall into arrear, and the royal ge-ncrofity would be turned into a mockery of the people.

From ail these observations he trusted they would acquit him of the charge to be deduced from the companion made between the British and French ministry by the Hon. Gentleman.

Some few more spoke; and on a division the numbers were, for the dause 162, against it 210.

The committee next proceeded to the dause for abolishing tire Board of Works; and the numbers were, for the abolition *88, against it 203.

The clause for abolifiling the office of Keeper of the Stag-hounds, was rejected, 7 5against 49, as was that respecting the band of Gentlemen-Pensioners, 115 against 79, by the committee, May 1$. [*4J.]

The committee fat again on the 13d of May and 23d of June, and all the remaining clauses were rejected. On the last of these days the committee was thin. Amotion wa3 made, to report proceedings to the House; upon which the previous qjicftion was put. That Mr £lwea the chairman do leave the chair and this bfing carried» the committee was Uif-

solved, and thus the bill was thrown out The committee on the county-petir ttons fat for the third and last time 09 the a6th of May. The only resolution of this committee that was reported tq the House, besides those of April 6* f 309 J, was the one moved by Me Dunning April 10. [309,10.3, which was reported to and agreed to by thf House, May 26. via. “That, forpreserving the independence of parliament, and obviating any suspicion of its purity, there be laid before this House, withiq fevsn days after the first day of every session, exaCt accounts, authenticated by the signature of the proper officers, of every sum and sums of money paid in the course of the preceding year, out of the prr>duce of the civil list, or any other branch of the public revenue, to, or tq the use of, or in trust for, any member for either House of Parliament, by way of petition, ftlary, or on any other account what foe ver, specifying when and on what account.”

Rules for curing the Gout radically.

pvR Grant, in his Observations on the origin, progress, and method of treating the Atrabilious Temperament and Gout, lays down the following rules to those who mean to be cured of tbq Gout radically.

1. He must quit the flat fertile cultiva? ted plains during the summer-season ever ry year, and remove to the highest parti of the country, where the air is thin, pure, and piercing.

- 2. Learn to amuse himself with counr try-diversions so as to fatigue himself every day. Of these, fi firing, and wa-r ding in the clear stream, is the belt 3 walking is next; riding is only a fucce-daneum; and a carriage is not equal tq the intention.

3. Avoid populous town9 and great cities; ihun all occasions of anxiety, de* bilitating passions, noxious dissipations, exhaufling pleasures, and heavy mental concerns, or intense thinking, even on agreeable subjects.

4. Keep to regular hours of exercise, eating and sleeping; short sleep is best, on hard beds, in the early part of the night.

5. Let his apartments be large, lofty, ill finished, and well warmed by strong fires.

6. He will soon feel the advantages of frequent bathing, much friction, and warm cloathing.

7. His diet mqft be in proportion to

his

4I4 Grant on the Gout. America: Col. Campbell’s letter. V0I.42.

ills etercife, both in quality and quantity; but he' multi never quite satisfy his hunger at any time.' In general, it is proper to abstain from butter, fat, high-leafoned, salted, and smoked meats. Some forbid black flesh and pork, but I do not find much difference, so that the fat and skin are taken away. Wildfowl and game of all kinds are proper, and so is fish without butter. Animal food mu ft not be used above once a-day: four days in the week he may eat meat; but never mix fish and ftefh Jo the fame day, far less in the fame meal. Butter-milk, whey, fruit, greens, roots, feeds, bread, and dishes prepared from them,* ought to constitute the greater part of his nourishment, especially during the summer and harvest. Tea and coffee, thin chocolate, and cocoa, agTee with most people, mixed with milk, provided they eat no butter along with them.

8. The best common drink is cold water; but when he takes animal food he may drink small-beer, cyder, wine, or spirits very much diluted.

9. When he eats heartily at dinner, he ought to eat no supper, but suffer the stomach to be quite empty once in twenty-fouj* hours.

10. He mud be well rubbed all over every night and morning; and although I wish him to be warmly cloathed, yet I think he ought to walk out in the air as much as may be.

11. When he is quite free from all complaint, sea-bathing, or even cold bathing, will agree with most people, to restore the strength.

la. But in all situations he mud take care to ke$p his body regular, by taking sulphur at night when he iscoftive; and if he should be tormented with wandering pains, the aron-root and feurvygrafs Will be of service to him.

By such means as these, properly conduced, and steadily prosecuted for a length of time, a man of observation, by only attending to th t and latanda in his own constitution, will in general radically cure any recent gout, always moderate it, never injure his natural ftatc of health, or shorten his life.

1 do not expect that It can be in the power of every one of my friends to observe all my directions literally; but it is my province to draw the line, and them to follow it as near as circumstances may permit, carefully observing what do$a and what does not agree,

AMERICA., [380.]

In the Connecticut Journal of June 8. there is an article, dated Boston, May 15. saidtobcan “ extract of a letter from Col. Campbell, who was some time past a prisoner [39. 249,50.] in this state, and who afterwards commanded the British troops that first took post in Georgia [41- 79.1 This letter was found iu a prize lately brought in here,” viz.

“ My dear Hugh, London, Jan* 15.

In my last I informed you, that the defence of Savannah gave great Satisfaction here; and it has had a very grand effect upon the minds of the people, whose spirits were down, on account of the length of time which elapsed without any effort even to do good: and though this was in some measure no more than a gallant defence, yet it made.an impression almost equal to what a victory would have done. The plan which is now understood to be determined upon here for carrying on the war, is, to take a certain number of posts in America, in such a way as to command the trade of the country; and to bave no other object in America than the maintaining of these posts, and the ruling of the trade by our fleets. The posts said to be fixed upon are Halifax, Penobfcot, New York, Port (mouth in Virginia, Charlestown, Savannah, and St Augustine; to acoom-pliffi which we imagine that you arc now employed in taking Charlestown, and e-stablishingapoftat Portsmouth. Thefeob-jects being accomplished, we understand

12,000 men are to be detached to the West Indies, which is to be the active feat of the war against the French and Spaniards. It is evident, that unless we can carry on an active and defensive war against them abroad, we can never succeed or do well. Last campaign we were all defensive, and every thing went badly with us. I never wish to fee such another campaign. We will be anxious, however, 'lo know what our wife heads in America will think of this plan for the American war. To be sure, the more troops you can spare from thence, to drub the common enemies, the better; yet I fear the number mentioned is more than you can give, after putting the posts mentioned >0 a proper condition. A CAMPBftL.

Lieut, and Adj. Hugh Campbell,

ad bait, 71st reg. Georgia.”

Previous

Aug. i?8o. America* Jer&ysi

Previous to the departure of Gen. Clinton from Charlestown [301.3, the following arrangement took place till civil government be restored. The troops were left under Lt-Gen. Earl Cornwallis, as commander in chief; Brig.Gen. Paterson was appointed Governor of the province of South Carolina; Lt Col. Darke was named to succeed Gen. Pre-voft in the command at Savannah; and the Hon. George Hanger of the 71st was appointed Major to the Continental militia taken in Charlestown, who are embodied; and of which corps. Major Patrick Fergulbn, of the fame regiment, is Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant. — According to another account, the corps set under the command of Col. Fergu-Fon was a regiment of militia (secretly well-affected to government) inhabiting the back parts of South Carolina, who, on bearing of the taking of Charlestown, seized their colonel, Thompson, their lieutenant-colonel, major, and other officers devoted to the Congress, and delivered them to the commander in chief, desiring themselves might be embodied under Col. Fergufon.

“ Baltimore, June 20. On Wednesday

Lift, Gen. Gates was appointed by Congress to the command of the fouthem ar-

, 99

my.

Before Gen. Clinton’s return to New York [378.3, Gen. Knyphaufen made an incursion into the Jerseys, with about 5 or 6000 men, (leaving the militia and the independent companies to guard New York), and landed at Elisabeth-town point on the 5th of June. They advanced six or seven miles into the country, towards Morris-town, where Washington lay with his army, said to consist of between 5 and 6000 men. Gen. Clinton, on his return from Charlestown, went and joined Knyphaufen. The camps of the two contending armies were not above eight miles distant. According to accounts received towards the end of August, Clinton had several times reconnoitred Washington’s camp, and found it so strong, and judiciously formed, that unless he altered his pofi-tion, it would be hazardous to attack him. Several manoeuvres had been trial to draw Washington out, but without effect. Advanced and foraging parties had frequently engaged in trifling Ikir-mifhes; but Washington’s army never made an attempt to alt in any other manner than on the defendve.

, Voi.XLII.

Martial law, See* 42$

- A proclamation was llTued, in the name of Joseph Recd/Esq; President, ind the Supreme Executive Council of Pennsylvania, dated at Philadelphia, June 9.; which, after reciting the refo-hition of afiembly, impowering the Council to declare martial law [379.J, proceeds thns: “ And whereas, since the passing the said refoiution, the Hon*. Committee of Congress now with the army, and his Excellency the Commander in Chief, have, in the most pressing and cogent terms, represented theabfolute nc-cellity of procuring certain enumerated suppliesforthe army, in lb short a space of time that the usual and ordinary forms must be dispensed with, or the requifi-tion remain unexecuted; and the late offensive movement of the enemy, of which certain intelligence has been just received, admits of no delay in procuring a number of horses and waggons to be forwarded with all expedition to’ camp: And whereas the iodiferiminate admission of all strangers into this city, without examination or enquiry, enables our artful and inveterate enemy to introduce their spies and emifTaries, distribute their counterfeit money, and by such like practices defeat the belt designs for thg public welfare, and can no longer, with a due regard to our own safety, be permitted or connived at; for the preventing whereof, we have thought proper todirelt an office of enquiry to be opened, and commissioners to be appointed, with power and authority to apprehend all lufpicious persons, and take such other measures as the public safety may require: Wherefore, for the purposes aforesaid, and no farther at present, we have thought proper, and do hereby declare martial law; authorising and requiring the persons by us to be appointed, to proceed as they may be specially directed from time to time, to execute the purposes aforesaid. For all which this our proclamation shall be their sufficient warrant and authority.*’

In Gaine's New-York Gazette of June 26. we fee the following two letters.

Gen. Patti pm to the Citizens of New «< Gentlemen, K take Angular fa-tisfaltion in presenting you with a copy of a letter 1 have been honoured with from the Commander in Chief, in order that the sense which his Excellency is pleased to entertain of your merits may be publicly known.

3 H Act

426 America: New-Yorkers, Proclamation, Alb, &c» Vol.42*

As his Excellency Maj.-Gen. Robertson has communicated to you the paragraph of a letter from the Rt Hon. Lord George Germain, containing his Maje-fty’s royal approbation of your loyal and fyirited behaviour, it is unnecessary for me to recite the contents of one of the fame date which I have had the honour to receive from his Lordship.

It may be further presumed, that the report I have thought myself bound to make of the readiness with which you have since assisted on different occasions, in carrying on the public Service, will be no less acceptable than my former one. I have the honour to be, &c.

Qen. Clinton to Maj.-Gen, Pattifont -man font of the city of New York.

M Head Quarters, June 10.

S1 r, Permit me to offer you my thanks for your great attention to the good discipline of the garrison, and to the Safety and welfare of the city of New York, during my absence on expedition.

The zeal testified by the inhabitants to oppoSe the enemy, evinces the confidence and esteem you had merited from them, as well as a courage and loyalty highly to be re Speeded.

I request, Sir, that you will make known to them, that I am feniible of their merit, and of the additional claim they have acquired to protection and Support from his Majesty’s arms. — I have the honour to be, Scc.’’

The assembly of the date of Massachu-sets-bay was prorogued on the 5th of May. — In their late sessions acts were passed,

— to indemnify, and Secure from prosecution in law, persons who by their laudable exertions under the late government of the King of G. Britain have involved themselves in actions of damage, and other prosecutions, in certain cales.

— making provision for calling in, to be destroyed, this Hate’s quota, according to the present appointment, of all the public bills of credit which have been emitted by Congress, and for miking and emitting, on the credit of this date, other bills of credit, not to exceed the Sum of

460,0001, and for establishing funds Sufficient to Secure the redemption of the bills So emitted by the lass day of December 1786, as recommended by a resolution of Congress of the 18 th of March in the present year, and in conformity thereto; also for paying annually, in Specie, the ipterest arising on notes which

have been issued upon thee credit of the province, colony, or now state of Maf-fachufet’s-bay, proroifing to be paid in gold or Silver.

— for enquiring into the rateable pro* perty of this state.

— to supply the treasury with a Sum of i,oooo,ooool.

— to supply the treasury with a sum of 49,8301.

— to incorporate and establith a Society for the cultivation and promotion of the arts and Sciences.

— for apportioning and assessing a tax of 5,601,015 1. 6 s. yd. upon the several towns and other places in this state herein after named, for defraying the public charges, and for carrying into execution the resolve of Congress of the 18th of March 1780; and also for assessing a tax of 33,444!. 10s. paid the members of the House of Representatives, for their travel and attendance in the general court the two last fittings in the present year.

— for granting or confirming certain privileges to the subjects of the Mod Christian King residing within this state.

The Marquis de la Fayette, who has been some time in France on a furlough from Congress, returned about the beginning of May, to resume his command in the American army; and high compliments have passed reciprocally between his Lordship, Gen. Waffiington, and Congress.

The French admiral DeTernay, with seven fail of the line, several frigate?, and transports, said to have on board 6000 land-forces, entered the harbour of Newport, Rhode island, on the nth of

July.

A proclamation appeared in the Boston papers, in the name of, and signed by, the major part of the council oi the state of Miffachufct’s-bay, dated, July ia. 1780, in the 5th year of the independence oi the United States of America; which, after mentioning their having received authentic intelligence of the arrival of the French fleet at Newport, and that it was of the last importance that Gen. Washington should be prepared immediately to co-operate with the forces of their illustrious ally, proceeds thus: “ Therefore the brigadiers and superintendents of the several counties in this itate, and all militia-officers, feleCtmen, and committees, are respectively called upon, in the most prefixing manner, as

Aug; iy8o- America: Arrival of fleets from Europe, &c. 427

they regard the honour and safety of soldiers, and 596 Teamen: In all 15 their country, and as they would avoid killed, and 820 wounded. Total 978. the penalty of the law, to cause the bat- On our fide there were killed 188, talion and militiamen that they have and wounded 646; in all 834. [238,304*] , been ordered to enlist or draft, and The flight which Adm. Rodney coun-which have not marched, to march with terfeited as a means of bringing the the utmost dispatch to the places of ren- French to action, the French Admiral dezvous respectively assigned them: and has represented as a real flight. “ The the committee appointed to superintend Count de Guichen, judging he should be the purchasing provision and forage for able to determine Adm. Rodney to come the army, all commissaries and others to action, brought up his fleet, and -employed in the business of purchasing fed him three days. The fleets were then supplies, are also required to forward, [the 15th] to the southward of St Lu-with all possible expedition, said supplies, cia, with the wind at East; but the to such places as Gen. Washington or wind veering to the S. E. and S. S. E. the Commissary-general may from time gave the enemy the advantage.” to time direct. And all merchants, huf- Advice was received from Adm. Rod-

bandmen, and others, who are possessed of any articles necessary for the army, are earnestly requested, as they regard their own and their country's interest, cheerfully to dispose of the fame to the persons appointed by government to purchase them; and all the towns and plantations, collectors and constables, are a-like called upon punctually to pay and render into the treasury of this state, their respective taxes, that the present opportunity may be improved to free the United States from the terrors of war.”

Advice was received at the admiralty, Aug. 25. by the Carteret packet, of the safe arrival of Adm. Graves, and the fleet under his command, at New York. [3»*.]

After this junction the state of the fleets in those parts was said to be thus. Adm. Arbuthnot had one ship of 74 guns, and two of 64 each; Adm. Graves had fix ships of the line, all copper-bottomed; M. de Ternay had only seven of the line. Adm. Arbuthnot had, besides the Renown, of fifty guns, three of 44, three of 32, and eight other frigates; and Adm. Graves had fix frigates, in all ax: against which De Ternay had only three frigates.

The French account of the actions of April 17. and May 15. and 19. in the West Indies, [257, 303.3, was published, by authority, in the Gazette of France of July 11. It differs no otherwise materially from that published in the London Gazette, except in claiming the victory.

The French make their loss to be thu9. — Killed, xi officers, 59 subaltern officers and soldiers, and 88 seamen; Wounded, 28 officers, 196 subaltern officers and

ney, by a ship which arrived about the 21st of July, that the grand Spaniffi fleet, confiding of 11 fail of the line, besides frigates, with near 100 transports, and

10,000 troops, which failed from Cadiz in April last, under the command of Don Solano, effected a junction with the French fleet under M. de Guichen, in the West Indies, about the middle cf June; and that the combined fleet were in Prince Rupert’s bay in Dominica when the advice-ship failed from St Lucia. Adm. Rodney sent notice of this junction to Jamaica: in consequence of which, an intended imbarkation of troops, to be commanded by the Governor in person, to reinforce Col. Tolfon, was laid afidc, and martial law was proclaimed in the island.

Adm. Rodney writes to the admiralty, from on board the Sandwich, Bafla-terre road, St Christopher’s, July 31. that Mr Walsingham, with the troops from England, joined him on the 12th of that month.

Vice-Adm. Sir Peter Parker, in a letter to the Admiralty, dated, Port-Royal harbour, April 7. give9 the following account.—* The ajth of last month the Janus arrived, much damaged in her rigging and hull, with an account from Capt. Cornwallis, that, on the 20th past in the morning, off Monti Chrish, he fell in with four fail of French ships of the line and a frigate, with a number of merchant-ships under their convoy. Our ships, confuting of the Lion of 64, Bri. stol of 50, and Janus of guns, formed the line ahead; and were chafed by the French, who came within gun-ffiot at five o'clock in the evening, and a running fight was. maintained during the whole night; the enemy no: chuling to

! Hi 8®

428 America; Bahama iflamls, Jamaica, Sec. Vot 4*.

go af on glide of our ships, though they had it in their power. The morning of the lift was calm; and the Janus being near the French Commodore, kept up a constant and well-direlted fire, which obliged him to take the advantage of a light air of wind to sheer otf, with the loss of his mizen-top-malt and fore-top. gallant-mast. The Lion and Bristol towed with their boats to the assistance of the Janus, which brought on a general firing for two or three hours. The remainder of the day was employed by the enemy in repairing their damages; and, Just before sunset, they made fail again after our ships; but did not come within gun-(hotthe wholcnight. Soon after daylight on Wednel'day morning, the azd, Capt. Cornwallis saw three fail to leeward, which he imagined, and afterwards found, to be the Ruby, and the Niger and Pomona frigates. The French immediately hauled their wind, and Capt. Cornwallis chafed them for five hours; but they declined the combat, notwithstanding the Janus was disabled, and Capt. Cornwallis had only two 64 and one 50 gun ship to oppose to four fail of the enemy’s line of 74 guns each, under the command, as 1 have since been informed, of M.dela Motte Piquet. The fcames of the French ships are, the Hannibal, Hero, Vanqueur, Diadem, and Amphytrite frigate. The French fired so injudiciously that there were only twelve men killed and wounded in our three ships. The marked conduit and Intrepidity of Capt. Cornwallis, and all the officers and men under his command, will, I flatter myself, give entire satisfaction to their Lordships. Capt. Cornwallis expresses himself much obliged to Capt. Pakenham, (now ailing in the Bristol, in the room of Capt. Caulfield, sick on (bore), for his great attention and diligence during the whole time of thea&ion, and also all the officers and seamen of the three ships, who behaved with the greatest foirit and good order. Capt. Glover, he said, was very ill, and died on Toefday morning, in the very hour he so ardently wilhed to fee.”

An address from the council and general assembly of the Bahama islands, dated, New Providence, April *7.1780, to the King, runs thus. — “ We, your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal fnbjells, the Council and Assembly of your Bahama islands, in General Assembly convened* having lately experienced a. very distin-

guishing proof of your paternal goodness, in so graciously hearing and fit speedily redressing our grievances, cannot omit the earliest opportunity of expressing onr just and great sense thereof, and at the same time transtnitting to your Majesty our most humble and grateful acknowledgements, for removing Montford Browne, Esq; from the government of these islands, and appointing Col. Maxwell to preside over us; whose conduit, since his arrival here, gives us the most pleasing cxpeltations of seeing your Majesty’s service advanced, and hw, fatety, and good order restored to this community.”

“ Kingjhn, June to A cenotaph of

marble, "highly executed by the celebrated artilt Mr Wilton, of the Royal Academy of London, w*as last week erelted on the north fide of the communion-table, in the church of St Jago de la Vega, to the memory of our late worthy and much respclted Governor, Sir Bazil Keith, Kt.

It consists of a rich ornamental archi-teltoral niche, between two fluted statuary pilasters, with enriched frize pediment and cornice. Within the niche, which is of the finest dove-coloured mar« ble, is an emblematical figure of Immortality, founding a trumpet, and holding a wreath over an urn of white marble, and upon which the family-arms are em-bofled. Beneath the urn, are trophies signifying Justice, Policy of Commerce and Government. The height of the pediment is nearly fifteen feet, and the ornamental parts being mostly executed in alto relievo, produce a fine effelt. Un-

der the trophies is fixed a plate of black marble, upon svhich is the following inscription in letters of gold.

Sacred to the Memory of Sir Basil Keith, Knight, Governor of Jamaica,

Who departed this life on the 15th day of June r777.

In the duties of his office he was affiduoas, Wife and impartial in the administration of justice ;

A friend to mankind, and a father to the people over whom be presided.

This monument was erelted by the Assembly, to transmit to posterity the gratitude of the people of this island, for the hap-, pine ft they enjoyed under hit mild and upright government.”

jtag. 1780.

nr

'POETIC A L

EXILE:

ESSAY S.

A descripti cm of tbt Juua&on of a ScoOip MM mi was obliged4o haw his country in 174 Here, ’raidft the ruins of a fallen (late,

The once fam’d Tiber rolls hi* scanty wave, Where half a column now derides the great, Where half a statue yet record* the brave; With trembling steps an Exile wander’d near. In Scottish weeds his Ihrivell'd limbs array’d; His furrowed cheek was cross’d with many a tear.

And frequent sigh* his wounded foul betray'd. Oh! wretch! he cry’d, that like fame troubled ghost

Art doom’d to wsoder round this world of woe, While memory speak* of joys for ever loft.

Of peace, of comfort, thou bast ceas'd to know!

Theft are the fecnes, with fancy’d charms endow’4.

Where happier Britoos, calling pearls away. The tools of found, of em^ny trifles proud.

Far from the land of bliss and freedom stray. Wou’d that, for yonder dome, these eyes could fee

The wither'd oak that crowns my native hill! These urns lea ruin waste; hut give to me The tuft that trembles o’er its lonely rill. Ohl sacred haunts! and is the hillock green That few our infant sports beguile the day ? Still are oar feats of fairy fastiion seen

Qr is my little throne of mois away

Had but Ambition, in this tortur’d bread,

Ne’er fought to rule beyond the humble plain, Where mild dependence holds the vassal blcft. Where faith and fricndihtp fix the chieftain's reign;

Thus had I liv'd the life my fathers led; [be;

Their name, theii family, had not ceas'd to And thou, Mon 1 mi a! on thy earthy bed ! — My name, my family, what were thclc to tboc !—

Three little moons had seen our growing love Since fiift Mooimia join'd her hand to mine ;

Three little moons had seen us blest above Ail that enthusiast hope cou’d e'er divine. Urg'd by »b« brave, by fancy'd glory warm'd, la treason boned, if 'twas treason here.

For rights Suppos’d, my native band I arm'd. And join’d the standard Charles had dat’d to rear.

Fafed we fought: my gallant vafTals fell;

But fev’d.their master in the bloody strife; Their coward master, who could live to tell He few them fall, yet tamely fufTcr’d life. Let me not think—but, ah! the thought will rife.

Still in my whirling brain its horrors dwell, When pale and trembling, with uplifted eye*, Monimia faintly breath’d a last farewel t

aw

They come," she laid 5 fly, flj tbcfc ruth* iefs foes.

And save a life in which Monimia lives;' Believe me, Henry, light are all her woe*. Except what Henry’s dleaded purpose give*. And would’ft thou die, and leave me thus foe* lorn.

And biaft a life the most inhuman spate;

Oh! live in pity to the babe unborn.

That stirs within me to assist my pfayer!* What could I do ? Contending pafljont drove* And pref/d my bofotn with alternate weight* Unyielding honour. Toft persuasive love— i fled, and left her—left, her to her fate.

Fall came the ruffian band; do melting charm* Thar e'er to fullering beauty Nature gave* The ruthlfcfs rage of Party can disarm;

Thy tears, Monimia, wanted pow’r to feve. She, and the remnant of her weeping train, Whose faithful love ftiil link’d them to her fide.

Torn from their dwelling, trod the desert plain* No hut to shelter, and do hand to guide. ‘ Thick drove its snow before the wintiy wind. And midnight darkoefs wrapp'd the heath tfiey past.

Save one lad gleam, that, blaring far behind* The ancient mansion of my father’s fall. Calmly (he saw these mouldering ruins glare:

“ *Tis past, all righteous God! 'tis paft/’flae cry’d ;

But for my Henry hear my latest pray'r P* — Big was her bursting heart—Ihc groan'd, and dy'd!—

Still, in my dreams, I fee her form confefi'd* Sailing, in robes of light, the troubl’d fley !— And soon, Ihc whispers, shall my Henry r.cft— And dimly fouling, points my place to die 1 I hear that voice, I fee that pale hand wave ;

1 come once more to view my native (horc; Stretch'd 00 Monimia's long-neglected grave. To clasp the fod, and feel my woe* no more!

MAXIMS.

I.

GEntle manners, virtuous lives,

Make easy husbands, happy wives. These are the only means we know To make a little heav’n below. W. O.

H.

A Ngry manners, vicious lives.

Make wretched huibaods, cursed wivef. And hence such evils take their birth,

As make a liuk bell on earth. W. Q.

nr

TWO easy things will satisfy mankind*

An easy fortune, and an easy mind:

But the one thing that gives a man content. Is a good cwfcicncc, fioqi a life well spent.

W. O. Occafoned

43°

Occasioned by feting Corregio’x Piflure of Me rc u R Y teaching Co pi d

By Mr Richardson, fentor.

THE bow and arrows, and a dove,

Weie once enough for Cupid thought, Till Mercury was sent by Jove,

For Venus pray'd he might be taught.

Taught! what ? To read. But why to read

Love knows the language of the eye ;

No other learning does he oeed,

Nor can be cheated by a lie.

Bis (kilful mother better knew;

She saw what times were coming on;

Bis darts mud now be tip’d anew ;

For love is mercenary grown.

Fancy not then that Mercury

Did from Olympus’ top dismount.

To teach the god his A, B, C.

No* no! it was to cad account.

But have a care, thou filly boy

For *tis a most pernicious art;

If learnt, it will thy power destroy ;

The Tongue may Jove, but not the Heart.

Anew HUNTING-SONG.

SEE Phoebus begins to enliven the East,

And fee the gay dawn wears away;

Come, route, fellow huntsman, relinquish dull rest.

And join in the sports of the day.

No longer in sloth let your tenses remain, Untainted the sweets of the morn ;

Drive (lumber away, and make one in our train.

To follow the found of the horn.

What rauGc to ours can for sweetness compare,

What sports such a pleasure can yield

What (cent so resin'd as the new morning air

What profpc& so bright as the field

Let misers for riches each transport forego, 'Midst their treafuies dirtrefs’d and lot lorn, We taste cv’ry joy, and forget ev'ry woe,

So charming the found of the horn.

Such pleafores we feel while from vanity free, Our hours pass contented along ;

In innocent pastime, in mirth, and in glee, With a hearty repast and a song.

Ye mortals unbiafs'd by honours and wealth, These titles that fonow adorn.

Would you taste the calm joys of contentment and health.

Then follow the found of the horn.

£P IT A PH, on an elegant marble monument in a Church at Rome.

VIR PROBUS.

With the name and

V0I.4X.

ADDRESS to Lady CrATBN’1 . £3®! i

NO wonder, little fluttering thing.

That you so soon thou Id leapt, spring.

To Cr A v e n ’* fair and beauteous bread. Where Gods themselves would wish to red

But tell me, Trifler, tell me, why You could from such a mansion fly.

Where ev’ry virue you’d in store

Miter—-what could you wish for more I Say, did you long at will to roam.

And quite forsake your native home

Or had you been too clofc confin’d.

And for fwcet liberty you pin’d

Oh! had 1 found you in some grove,

Cafkct of fiiendship, and of love!

I’d place thee, wand’ring heart !—by mines Uniting both with friendship’s twine:

Of such a jewel — safe ported,

Not worlds should tear thee from my bread; Exulting round the rural plains,

Boast of the prize — to nymphs and brain*.

But hurts!—my rustic mute !—nor dare To wilh a friend so great, so (air;

For vain will all those wifties prove.

Then hide thee in thy lonely grove

But if fair Craven e’er should dray.

By my lone cottage bend her way.

I’d lead her to my shady feat.

And lay my heart, too—at her feet!

Which, if lhe’d condescend to view,

She’d find it constant, firm, and true;

To welcome her with many a bound,

'Twould leap with joy,—and dance aroundf OLIVIA the bumble Cottager.

STANZAS to NIGHT.

HAIL, lucid Night! thy grisly black Alfifts each thief to fill his (ack;

While Motphcus, lounging, drowsy god.

Has tent all honed men to nod.

Hail, star-deck’d Night! thy lucid beam*

Silver o’er the bubbling dreams:

The youths now softly fttike the lyre;

T he god of Love their songs inspire.

Hail, frigid Night! thy chilling breezes On the vital cut rent seizes.

Until of wine a flowing bowl Expands to mirth the frozen foul.

Hail, sultry Night ! thou friend to Love,

Thy potent heat the pultes move;

Thy warmth the poet’s head doth fill,

And vibrates quick the goose’s quill.

Hail, rtormy Night! thy toaringthunder Makes us mortals dare and wonder;

With vivid lightning flames the Iky,

The pelting hail-stones round us fly.

Then hot or cold, or black ot bright.

Or fair or foul, hail, goddess Night;

With this falutc 1*11 dole my lay.

For yonder dawns the blush of Day.

H#

HI*

POETICAL ' E 8 S A Y S.

Aug. 1780. Affairs in PerfiA, Turky, And Russia.' 4 jr,:

HISTORICAL AFFAIRS. Persia.

“ Piterjburg, May 16. A letter from

Aftracan of the 14th of April lass, con* firms an account formerly received, of the city of Tauris, in Persia, and several villages in its environs, being entirely destroyed by an earthquake; and adds, that scarcely 700 ptrlions had saved their lives.”

Turky.

<c Leghorn, May 30. According to the last letters from Smyrna, the plague, which broke out lately in the quarter of the Greeks in that city, continues daily to carry off a number of people; and the lands in the environs are not yet freed of the locusts,* which increase, and destroy all the fruits.’’

“ Vienna, July6. We have accounts

from Constantinople, that that city is thrown into the greatest consternation, by the plague breaking out again, info-much that ao,oooo of the inhabitants have left that capital.”

“ Cotijlaniimple, M4. The head of

a person hath lately been struck. off, of whose country and religion we were totally ignorant, but in other respects he was perfectly known for employing himself principally in the relief and care of the poor, especially of prisoners and Haves. This man spoke the Turkish and Greek languages fluently, and was believed to be a Mahometan. He had had no other occupation for a long time than that of begging alms of persons of every nation, and distributing them indiscriminately among Turks, Creeks, Armenians, Jews, &c. The houses of the greatest part of the grandees of this empire were open to him; and the chiefs of the law took a pleasure in the conversation of a man, whose talents were excellent, and his knowledge in controversy profound, especially in the fundamentals of the Mahometan religion. The Grand Vifir having heard frequent mention made of this person, and curious to know whether he was really a Turk or not, fentforhim, and alked him, if he was a Turk and a Mahometan i to which he replied, he was a Turk, and retired. But, five days afterwards he came again voluntarily into the presence of the Grand Vifir, and boldly avowed, i* That he bad falsely declared himfdf

to be a Turk, as he was really a Chri- ftian, and a disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ.” In consequence of which declaration the Grand Vifir ordered hit head to be publicly struck off immCf diatcly.”

Russia. [271.]

The Emperor of Germany has made a tour to Moscow. His Majesty set out from Vienna, on the 26th of April, pursued his journey through Poland, and arrived at Brody on the aift of May, and at Mohilow on the 23d; at which place the Empress of Russia, who was then on a tour through part of her dominions, arrived on the 25th. Count Cobcnzel presented him to the Empreis by the title of Ccunt Falkenflein. After a reftdence of five days at that place, their Imperial Majesties supped the 30th at Schklow, a country-feat of Gen. So-ritz, and then proceeded together to Smolenfko. Thence the Empress con* tinued her route, and the Emperor proceeded to Moscow. His Majesty arrived at Petersburg on the a8th of June, passed the day following with the Empress at Czarlko-Zelo, returned in the evening to his apartments at Count Co-benztl’s, and went next day again to Czarlko Zelo. After having seen every thing worthy his curiosity, in Peterf-burg, and its neighbourhood, his Majesty set out thence on the 20th of July, and arrived at Vienna, in perfect health, on the 23d of August.

The courts of Copenhagen and Stockholm have delivered their declarations to the belligerent powers, setting forth their accession to the maritime affocia-tion propoled by the court of Russia for the protection of the neutral trade. [212,270.]

The declaration of the court of Copenhagen is dated July 8. After a proper introduction, setting forth the necessity there was for coming to the resolution of protecting the trade and navigation of the neutral powers, it goes of in these words.

*« If the rights of neutrality are sacred, and if the laws of nations, founded on impartiality, established by cuff om, and avowed by all countries, are of any weight, no neutral nation should by a war between other powers lofc the rights it possessed before that war. Such nation is authorised to trade to all parts of Europe, as if there was a general

peace*

43*. Af&irs fa Rofta. 'Vo

peace, (contraband traffick excepted). The King desires nothing beyond what neutrality allows; this is his rule, and that of his people; and his Majesty not thanking it right that any belligerent power should interrupt the trade of hit estates, he therefore. lays before them the principles he ever has maintained, mid ever will, in conjunction with the £mprefs of RufTia, whose sentiments are the fame with his, viz; z. That neutral vessels shall fail from port to port, and on the coasts of nations at war. 2. That the effects belonging to neutral powers shall be free in neutral vcfifcls, except contraband goods. 3. That under the denomination of contraband goods is understood only what is expressly mentioned as such in the 3d article of his Majesty’s treaty of commerce with G. Britain in 1670, and in the nfith and 27th of his treaty with France In 1741; and the King will keep to the fame with regard to any powers with whom he is not now in treaty. 4. That by a blocked-up port is understood one Into which no veil'd can enter without evident danger from the ships placed to block it up. 5. That these principles Jhal) serve as rules for trials in courts of admiralty,’’ &c. The declaration then concludes with saying, that it is his Majesty’* determination to protect the honour of his flag, and the freedom of the trade and navigation of his fub-jgfts; and that he has for that purpose fitted out part of his naval force.

- ’The declaration of the court of Sweden is to the following purport.

“ Since the beginning of the present war, his Majesty, the King of Sweden, has laid it down as a law to observe the ftriCteft neutrality, and hits kept up to the fame: notwithstanding which, his trading subjects have been obliged to claim his protection; in conl’equence of which, his Majesty prepared to fit out a certain number of ships of war for the protection of the Swedish trade; of which his Majesty gave notice to the belligerent powers. Whilst this wjs going forward, some other neutral powers, who were of the fame way of thinking, gave notice of the fame to the King, and at the same time the Em-press of Rufiia delivered a declaration to the courts of London, Versailles, and Madrid, making known her determination to protect the trade of her own subjects, and the general rights of neutral powers taiaj. The King found

the ground-work of this declaration entirely ^agreeable to his own ideas, and the treaty of 1,666 between Sweden and England, and that between Sweden and France, that he. could do no other than agree to it, and adopt the fame. TU treaty concludes by declaring, tbrt his Majesty will continue to obfenrf the fame neutrality he always has; that be has forbid any of his subjects, under the severest penalties, from deviating in any respefl from the principle of the ftriCteft neutrality; but that he wilt to the ut-mod protect their lawful trade, fb long as they conform to the principle* already laid down.*

An explanation hat been demanded by the court of Sweden, relative to this system of neutrality, and an answer hat been given by the court of Russia. — We subjoin the answer to each qoeftion, viz.

Que/Htm v. How and in what manner a reciprocal protection and mutual assist* ance shall be given

Answer. This must be settled by a for# mal convention, to which all the neutral powers will be invited; the principal end of which is, to insure a free navigation to the merchant-ships of all nations. Whenever such vessel shall have proved from its papers that it carries no contra* band goods, the protection of a squadron or vessels of war shall be granted her, under whose care she shall put her* ft If, and which shall prevent her being interrupted.

2. Whether each particular power shall be obliged to prated the ge* neral commerce of the whole, or if ta the mean time it may employ a part of its armament in the protection of it* own particular commerce

Anf. Each power must concur in the general Security of commerce. In tbc meantime, the better to accomptish this object, it will be necessary to settle, by means of a separate article, the place* and distances which may be judged pro* per for the station of each power. From that method will arise this advantage, that all the squadron* of the allies will form a kind of chain, and be able to af-fist each other; the particular arrange* ment to be confined only to the knowledge of the allies, though the convention in all other point* will be communi* cated to the power* at war, accompanied with all the protestatioas of a ftrict neutrality*

Qpfl- j>

A+gh f&o. 4^

:£*/?. 3. If fwreod*T#tbdc comWhdi Apjadrons should (beet, jpr, for rxamlplc, mttebrmore &f their weffiris, what Stall! he the rule of their condoft towards etc hr other, and how far fll ati t he neutral pro- tfe&an extend i: '

- Anf. it it undowbtrtdfy the principle of a petfoA e^twltty which mufteegu-. late thia point. We shall follow the common mode with regard to safety. Ia Cafe the (qaadcont (hornId meet and en*f gage, the commaodera will conform *« the a (ages of the sea* fcrvicr; because,' at is oWcrved shore, the reciprocal pi*o-' hdioa, ohder these Conditions, fbbirid be unlimited.

w* It seems’ essential to (agree hpon the manner in which representa-tvoasshallfoemsdetothe powers at war,* If, notwitfcstanding anr measures;, their. ships of war or armed vessels should con* taoue to interrupt our commerce in any. manner. Mnft ihcfe remouftrances be* made in the general name of the united powers, or shall each particular power plead its own caafe only

- Anf, It seems expedient that the repre* lent at ions mentioned In this article be made by the party aggrieved; and that the tnioifters of the other confederate powers ifopprirt those remouftrances in the most forcible and efficacious muti ©cr.

Que)I. 5. Lastly,:it appears efletitiaHy necessary to provide against this ^poliibld cweqt, where, due toft he united powers seeing itfeff driven 'to-extremities against any of the possets actually at war, should daim the alfiltatice of the allies in Ibis contention to do her justice; in what manner can this he best concerted ? A ciecumftince which equally requires a fti* fndation, that the reprisals in that case shall not be at the will of such party in* Jmed, hot that the common voice shall t decide; other wise an individual power might at its pie afore draw the rest against their inclinations and interests into disable extremities, or break the whole e, and reduce matters into their o-eiginal state, which would render the oriole frtritleft and of no efted.

- Anf, We fed all the importance of Ohts confederation; and, to render it clear, it is necessary to dtftinguish the case.

If any one of the allied powers ihonlfl (offer itfetf to be drawn in by motives contrary to the established principles of a neutrality nod petfed impartiality* and

Vol.XLII.

(Mpld byre his law’s; or 'extend their' bounds,' it cahniot certainly be expected-thdt thctotfwTS >fhottid espouse the qw*r*: rei; 'do the contrary, such a conduct: wouldife deemed ah abandoning the ties* which paste them.» But if the infblt offered to one of the allies should be bo*' ftito to 'the principles adopted and an*J nouncefl in the face of all fiurope/ori ftionld be marked, with the character of hatred and aniiriofity, infoired by refeot-nfent of these common measures of the confederacy, which have no other ted-' dency than to make. In a precise and »r* it,v6cable<inhnfl*iy daws for the liberty of commerce, arid' the rights of c very' nfutral nation, rben it shall be held in-' drfpeu fable fof the united powers to make-a com monc* rife of it, at sea only,-without' its being a ground work for other opera* tions, as these connexion* are. pwciy* maritime, having no other object than naval commerce and navigation^ ‘ - r From all that is said above, it evident*1 ly results, that the common wW of alf? fotmded upon the principles admitted and adopted by the' contracting parties; must alone decide, and that it will ways be the fixed ibafis of the conduct and.operations of this union. Final jy> We shall obferye, that these convention^ ruppofe no other naval armament Thau what shall be conformable to ctrcuttiftan-ces, according as those shall render them ftecessary, dr as'may be agreed. It, i$ probable that this agreement, once rati* fied and established; will be of the greats eft confeqtieriCe; ahil that the belligerent powers wifi find in it suficient motive^ to persuade them to rcl’pest the neutral flag, and prevent their provoking the re^ (entment of a respetfable communion! founded under the auspices of the moflt evident justice, and the foie rdea Of which Is received with the untverfal applause of all impartial Europe.

Germany. [43O

“ Wat fa w, Aug, 3. We have received

affli<sting accounts from Austrian Molda-.vta, that the locusts which appeared in Autumn last in the district of Herza, in that province, having then deposited their eggs, they now appear in a thou,-sand times greater number than last year, and are two inches long. They are divided into three formidable armies: the first extends seven leagues in length, and tune in breadth, from Herza to Potu-'(han; the second extends from Roman 3 i to

43* vAffiurs m Switierlahd and Italy. Vol.

to the Danube, which i0 about eight leagues.; and the third from Jafly to Bcflarabia. They have destroyed all the: grass, fruit, and even leaves of the forest-trees; but have not yet touched the-vines or the wheat. They arc as yet tdo young to fly; and, if, when they rife, the wind sets towards Austrian Moldavia, that fine country will be ruined.4*

Switzerland.,

Zurich, Mr J. H. Wafer*

late mipifter of the church in this town, was beheaded . here 00 the 27th last, month. His crime was treafbn, in baying, inserted in the political correiport-dence of M. Schoffer, professor at Got-t tinghen, certain pieces With notes, relative to the administration of this canton, which have been declared dangerous to the state, as tending to excite sedition, $cc, . He was further charged with ha*, ving detained a document of the 15th centory, belonging to our public archives, and of great value, of which the *> vn*secretary, who had confided it to him, had in vain demanded the reftitui tron,*.

I T A L Y.

‘ “ P<!,rjtt July 1 8. We have received the Following account of the eruption of Jjount, Etna.

/( towards the end of last January, ma-py (hocks of an earthquake were felt in different parts of Siciiy; and from that time the summit of Mount Etna was observed to fend forth a thick smoke, whic^ lifually extended eastward; and soon after a new eminence was discovered, which Was visible at the distance of fifty miles, and which was a manifest sign of a local explosion. On the 28th of March, and 8th of April, the earthquakes were renewed, and with greater violence, in a direction from north to fonth; ^nd the smoke of the volcano increased so much, that on the a8th of April it was seen li-sing from the crater in the form of a strait pioe, the head of which was hid in the clouds, calling final) fragments of pumice stones for twenty miles round; and in this (late it continued till the 17th of May, when the smoke suddenly cea-fed.

On the 18th, about noon, the mountain icceived a violent (hock, accompa-r.v . ’uhterraneous noise, and at fix

oV f u-t ...... ni' e, opened at the

... ei:.:.gjuhed volcano, call-

ed Mount Frumenth, near the cAnfirte* of the second region of Etna. The fire burst forth like a river, and falling into a neighbouring valley, called del Udiei-za, it,ran the lpace of half a league in aa instant in the plain del Ckrpintero and delle Mandre del Favo, and from'thence precipitated into the valley del Nevo, where it rose to the height of soo feet. At nine o'clock the mountain opened m two places lower down, on the groosd named li Scoperti Dipstemo. - The o* penings being very near each other, (boo fell into one, the fire of which bent west-ward, where the first lava flowed, and the three joined in the plain de Santi, and ran together for the third part of a mile, when the first separated again, and continued its course alone in the vaHey del Udienza, where it (till flows* though more slowly than at first, threatening definition to del Melia and the land du Cavalier, belonging to the Beuedidinet df Catania.

"The two other lavas bent their course towards Mont Parmentdli, the base of which they surrounded, forming an in-olofure near two miles in breadth, and from thence passed on the eafi 6de of Mont del Mazzo, extending along the vineyards of Ragalua, and after having flowed three leagues (topped on the 25th of May, The greatest extension of this branch was in breadth, about a mile, and five feet in height,

< On the night of the ?6th, a new opening was made at the foot-of Moot Par-menteUi in the middle of the lava. This volcano, for the space of-an* hour,- threw up stones of a prodigious size, and to a ♦ery great height. ' The fire at length gained a pa (Cage, and divided into two branches, one of which flowed to the weft of Mont del Mazzo, which it inclosed; the other directed its course thro* the woods and vineyards of Regains, where it extended about a league.

- At the end of five days the fire feein* ed to abate; it Advanced very slowly, but its approaches (bon became mart fenfihle; and on the 5th of this mooth it flowed in such quantities from the hft opening, that the arm of the lava, which was then but thirty feet wide, was in* created to fifty in half an hour, and it continue* to this day with the fame violence: but as the top of the lava is cooled, it now flows on its surface, riling to the height of thirty feet* turning it np on tl\e fidcs 1 so that if the refinance it

\

Jk pg. >tj8o. Afiiurf in Infljr and England.

facets with chick's Us progreft, it irW it exceedingly in breadth, and produces the lame definitive* consequences. i

On the furfaee of this lava, they have uWl| ved through ith whole extent, balls of fire of various colours, according1 to ttae differentquantities of bitumen, ful-phur, arsenic, and vitriol, of which the mass is composed; and with which, ac* cording to the analysis made by the cby* tnifts, they abound*

The damage caused by the present e* ruption is estimated at 40,000 Sicilian Crowns; but it is feared that it will be much more considerable very soon, the lava ftiU directing its course towards

433

caffe A imported by the East-India company latheship Ear of a, in the year 1775,

An act for continuing in the possessinn of

the United Company of Merchants of Eng* 'iamd trading to the East Indies, for a fur*

1that time, and under certain , the

territorial aefuifitions and revenues lately oh*, tabled in the East Indies, and for ,

and continuing for a further time, so much of an act *3“ Geo. III. u for establishirtg certain regulations for the better

mens vf the affairs f the Ea/i-India ny, as well in India as in Europe, as hath expired in the course of the present and for indemnifying the said company 1* any money theyhtvdpaid or may pay - or

about the building of th of the lint,

Pate mo, from which it is now only eight for the service of the public. L4I* 338.] miles distant, and this country is the rich* An act $0 explain and amend two acts 15°* eft and belt cultivated of any about Mount dr x6° III. with respect to the limits lit ha.” the Greenland feat and Davis*s freights*

There was a luftrom, or numbering and the'fear adjacent thereto; and'to en± of the people, in Rome, on the 24"h of large the time for the return the vessels June; when it appeared there were id ytd in the whale-fishkriet. x

that city 155,184 inhabitants, of'whom - An- act for continuing the T

were 36,485 housekeepers. in this num- and reward 'making certain difeo

ber were included 3847 monks, 2827 fe-eular priests, 1910 nuns, xo65 students, 1470 almshouse-poor, 7 negroes, and 52 persons not Romans. The numbers born from June 24. 1779, to June *4.1780, 42x8, and the burials 7181.

England. [386.].

- The royal alient was given to the foU lowing bills.

vthe longitude at or" making other useful discoveries and improve* ments in-navigation* and for making experiments relating

An act to impowerhls Majesty to '* bit the and to re/lrain the car-'

tying cf copper in bars, or *-

per in /beets, for a limited time.

to veji certain lands,

tand hereditaments, in trujiey* To theie,by commission, July 3. viz. fir the better securitig - An act for rOifing a further sum of mo- ships, at Chatham.

ney, by loans, or exchequer-bills,fir the One policebill;ifchtcb’does not relatjb*

service of theyear1780. to Scotland, and five private bills.

An act for granting to kh Majesty ad- Tothefe, by com million, July,.yU*

ditienal duties uponftarch and har-powder his Majesty to rnife imported, and upon jiarch made in Great the sum of one million, for the uses and puf-BriUin, and upon fweett-. p therein 1 ' ' J ' ’ 1 v‘

An act for repealing an act 190 Geo. Ill4 An act for granting to VW*n

“.fir granting to his Majesty certain duties tain sum of money out of the sinkingfikdi,{ on licences to be taken out by all per font let* and for - applying certain , 'T

ting horses to hire for travelling in the man*. ,fir the service if the 786 r/J

nt*-therein mentioned, used certain duties onjand fipplitS1

all horses let to hire fir thepdrposes eftrd- granted in cf parliament. 1

sbtHUgpafl and by iiam, and upon Certain An act for appointing and enabling cent*'* carriages.therein mentioned {41tnijjtoners to Jldtc, tfief

and fir granting other duties in-lien there-public accounts of the kingdom, and to re- ’

of. / ' / oi sv b , v pe handrbfac^

-} An act to repeal, so mutk'.vf an ait 110 cvUntauts, WhidH may be afplcd dr 140 Car. II. as rejiratns the removal vf: blioftriHceyandw/iat there art in;

wool, and other: or titles* to certain timer, the present ctiHifting,

and hours therein mentioned*. ‘t » for-public mo- t

An act for granting further time-for al*\ mjyand in what ns, and if-'

exportation of.

lowingrthe dsowh

3 a

vues

43$ J ' Affsirw Sol EhgiicaLr VOL4I

feroices can in future It* rtgaUud and Ar>

tied on for the benefit of public. [19^]

/fo act to indemnity such ptrfomt fitted in the Jupprefio* of the riotsaid tumults in and about the cities Wejhuinfier, and trough f S<mihv(nkt*nd for the preservation of the public

And to one, by the King, July 8. vizw \An act to prevent any mifeheef or intom venience which may arise to tht y!

gaolers,fniters, pri/oners, or others, by the pri/oners in the gaols in she

counties of Middle sex and Surrey* and Are city of London, ha ving been set at liberty during the late tumults and injur tedium.

[Of Upwards of fi*ty private bills- pafifad this fession, only one fcems to relate to Scotland, one of the fiv< to which . the soyalaflent was given, July tit An for vcfUng certain manors end hereditament)

Jiiuate in tht county of Lincoln (which by the will cf Thomas HnmberfhEfq; dectajed, Were deviled to Thomas tradern.k Mackenzie Humber/ton, Eft# fa* his life* with several remainders over sn fly id in tru-

stees, for the purpose of filing the Sited laying out She monies to strife fr.an such foie in the pure ha fe of other heredi-

taments t part of the ej\a[et. of the Rt Horn, Kenheth Mackenzie, Earl of Sea forth in the kingdom of Ireland, to be settled to uses to which the estates intended to be sold now. /land limitedj

After giving the royal assent to the 1>iU$, the King made the following speech.

| . “ My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It gives me great satisfaction to find tnyfelf able to determine this long session of parliament, that, yop..may be at liberty to return to your, several countries* and attend to your private affairs, after io\aborious a discharge of your ^duty in the public fervke; and I take this occasion to express my sincere-ocknowledge-njent for the fr^fh proofs you have given me of yOur affedionatc. zeal for the fop? port qt iny government* and of yourjutt estimation of the real and permanent in?.* terefts of your country.

‘Yourmagnanimitya»d perfirvcrancejn thcproiecution of this-^uft and necessary war, have enabled me to make such a-, ettions as will, I tnuft, by the assistance of Divine Providence, d#£*ppoint the violent and unjiift design# of my enemies, apd bring them to listen to equitable and honourable terms of peace.

.These exertions have already been attended with succest by. fie a- and land 5* and the late important, and prosperous

♦ - t I

twin of affairs m hforth Atoericu. £ atfordd the fasreA pnripedthe refesm* isg loyalty and afir&on 1 of toy fofojeda in the colonies, and of their happy aw* union with their piretrt-eotimtry.

Gentlemen of the Hotifc of Ojiiwnu . I feel myfdf under, particular obligations to thank you for the Urge and ample suppliee you have ib chcarfutty gnat* ed, and for the OMfideooe repose in

me.. No attention shall be want tog, oa my part, to render them dfedoal, and to foe them faithfully applied.

My Lords, and GendemeU,

Let me earnestly recommend ho you to assist me, by your influence and asr* thcmtym your several counties, as you have> by your unanimous hippo rt in- parliament, in guarding the peace, of the kingdom from future disturbancru* and watching over the preservation of tht pubKc safety. Make only people fenfitrie of the happiness they enjoy, andtbedtf* tinguUhcd advantages they derive &oO our excellent constitution in church nd state. Warn them of the hazard of to* novation; point out to them the fatal consequences of such commotions as have lately been excited; and let it be your care to imprefcon their minds this important truth. That rebellious infer* redtionR to refill or to, reform the laws* mull end either in the destruction. of the persons who make the attempt, or in the iubverfion of our free and happy coQftw tution.”

Then the parliament was prorogued*

- A great inanyaddrefie* have been presented to the King, thanking his Mage* fly for the measure* he> had taken tolbp* press the late tumults. The folk was from the boroogh of Southwark, which was delivered to the Earl of rough, June n, by George Onflows, Esq; one of the reprefontatives for Guildford, and Nathaniel Polhill, Esq; one of the representative* for the said bo* rough of Southwark <; and- was very gra* crously received-by. his Ma^rfty which the following^* ucopy*

h-Wi, your Majesty’s* dutiful, foyah and afedionate -subje&a, inhabitant* of the ancient town and borough'p.f Southwark, desire to approach your sacred pertbn, to rfctufii our sincere grid grhte-fttl thanks for your Majesty’a paternal gooduefe, in tending a (easonable relief of military force to prated our periods and properties from the depredations and iitfult of a lawless most licentious mob,

which

M§it'i9o.

.LAfeW ini Sagb4d.

aw

Wrhkfli iwrc tpctadisg: tetrbr and deva* Hatton through the metropolis and its tovirens, oncontrauled.< We beg leave to assure year Majestyv we are detenus* »ed tdufe-our utmost endeavours to fop* port the honour of yonr Majesty’s crown and dignity, the peace and good order of society, and this > happy constitution m settled at- the glorious Resolution. For thcfc groat and good purposes we have aflbdated, and humbly hope for the continuance of your Majesty’s gracious protp&ioo.”- Signed by 464 per* ions. '

- The afxt was one from the Alderman, Deputy, Common Council, and Inha* bitfrtU of the ward of Bridge-within, which was delivered to Lord Vi (count Stormont, June ay. by Mr Alderman Wooldridge, and fevca other gentlemen, and by his LonUhip presented to the King*

An addnefs from the city of Edinburgh was presented to his Majesty by Sir Lau-reace Dundas, tvprefcoutive in parliament far that city, being introduced by the Lord of the Bedchamber, in waiting, and was very grheiously received. It appeared in the Gazette of July 15. and of which the following is a copy, except the title and fabscriptiaa.

“ We,your Msjestyfr most dutifal and loyal fabjects, the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of your faithful cityi of Edinburgh, bog leave to exprds our sincere congratulations on the late focw cedes of your Majesty.’farms. [sfi.J

We earnestly hope, that the fortunate reduction of CHarlettawn will speedily dHTolve the 'unlawful combinations of your :Majesty*8 rebellious subjects In A-mecica/ open their yyes to- the importance of the blcfBngs which, they have formerly enjoyed under a. mild government and a most gracious prince, and prove the means of introducing a peace equitable to them and honourable to the parent-000 ntry.

-; We think it o*t doty to declare our

detestation of the not cages lately committed in tUe cities of London and Weft-t mi titter by a molLlictntious; mob, and to express our approbation of the wife and effectual-measures^mployed by your Majesty to quell these daring comtno* ttohs. ;

Wc humbly beg leave to adore your> Majesty, that, as magistrates and citi-getis,' we IhaB exert onr utmost efforts; to pftdci ve ih« peace and good order of

the ebmtmfmty to which* wtfibcfovtg, and to oppoie every attempt against youf royal dignity and our happy constitutkxt 1 May it pkale your Majesty to accept of the unfeigned a flu ranee of our ftcadf attachment to your Majesty’s parson, salt mily, and government, and this exprest-fion of our sincere desire, that your Ma* jetty, after defeating the combination* of your perfidious eiumies, may long sway the iceptre over a free, a loyal, and a happy people.” . . /

Art address from the Provott, Migh ft rates, and Town-couocil of Montndev dated,. Montrose, July 19* was tnojr mkted to Lord Stormont, and by bit Lord 1bip presented to the King.—— Act ter expressing the sense they entertain, of his Majesty’s mild and constitutional prt vernmeot, they speak of the late tumult* thus. << Such being the case, it was with great concern and surprise that w* beheld Tome of your Majesty’s fubjc&a* who appear not to have been aftc&rd with these sentiments of duty and gratitnds* so natural, so just, and becoming. Ig-porant, enthufiattic, and intolerant, and perhaps actuated by motives left exco-(able thin these, they haye formed theito (elves into illegal sttbeiations, daringly appeared in formidable.numbers and ho* ttile array, menaced the legislature, and finally proceeded to the commission off every ait the in oft outrageous and viWt lent.—Whilft we deplore the exunfino and complicated raifery which hat artftm from such unequalled and unprovoked riots, and that any of your Majesty’i subjects should have been guilty of crime* ft) atrocious, we at the lame time an* happy to observe the wife couofds, the necessary, legal, and cflcdual method* pursued by your Majesty for the fttpprcf* fion of the-rioters, the piloted ion of tint innocent, and the reftorattetn-of the ptt^ blic tranquillityv And wc confide our* selves with the hope* that permanent good may wife from jtbc late troubles ;r particularly- ao uoiverftl and just sense oft the necefi&ty of./a,dutlttil>behaviour a* ftibjeds,* and of the iueftisaabjo -value of public-order and legalgotermdeift.”

Many addresses bake, been presented* and they have all been very, graciotrfly received by his Majesty.

The common council of London were divided on this subject. —r— A,court was held of purpose,. July 3*; and*a mot on for addressing having, been, made, g eat dobabciLCoiued, ,.Il was. aegucd.uo the

one

43*

Jkflkur* to England.

, VOL4*.

one band, That no tfmd ought to be toft the city; andtbatdiewa* cotmoeed, if

in returning thank9 to the Sovereign for it had not been for the military, thed< the great benefit we had received from ty of London, to the diigrace of it, would the assistance of the military; and on have been demolished and laid low: hi# the other it wasfaid, That, at present) opinion was, that the conit should have dd reding would be highly improper; voted an addrefe at the beginning of this as the military, though they had been unfortunate bufioeis, and he thought it of use, might become a curie instead of would come with, a very ill grace from a bieffing; that therefore it would be the court now. He Iikewife laid, they more prudent to wait till the troops had ill-timed many of their proceedings; should be recalled, and then the address that they had gone to St James's with pc* would be unanimous. On the previous titions and rrmonftraoccs, when they question, the numbers were, 4 Alder- had much better have employed them* men and 61 Commoners for putting the selves in their own businesses. question, and Aldermen and 56 Com* On the question being put, the earn* moners against putting it. The que- bers were, for addrefting, 6 Aldermen, ftion having been then put, and agreed 69 Commoners, and* Tellers, in ail 77; ko, a motion wa6 made. That Alder* against it, 5 Aldermen, 60 Commoner*, j men and eight Commoners be appointed and a Tellers, in all.67. a committee to draw up the address; A committee having been then appoint* which was agreed to: but several Al- ed, withdrew, and soon returned, with dermen withdrawing, and there not re- an address; which having been twice main in g four in court, the appointment read, was agreed to, very tew hands he* of a committee was adjourned , to the ing held up against it. next court. The Lord Mayor, the Aldermen, Shc~

At the next court, held July 14. the rifts, and Common Council, watted upoo Lord Mayor, the Aldermen Harley, the King, at St James's, July oft. (be-Townfend, Sawbridge, Bull, Piomer, ing introduced by the Earl of Hertford, Thomas, Hart, Wooldridge, Kitchen, Lord Chamberlain), with the address; Burnell, and Sheriff Pugh, were present. which was read by Thomas Nugent,

Mr Parish deft red, that the court should El'q; the Common Serjeant, viz. proceed to the nomination of the com- Most Gracious Sovereign,

snittee; and he was ieconded by Mr Wi, your Majesty's most dutiful and Powell, who said, that he was strength- loyal subjects, the Lord Mayor, Alder* ened in his opinion by some of the argu- men, and Oommons* of the city of Lon-ments made use of the preceding court- don, in Common Coundl assembled, beg. day, signifying, that if the civil magi- your Majesty's per million humbly to ap-strates had done‘their duty; the afllft-J proach the throne, to express our de-ance of the military would not have been teftation and abhorrence of those dread- wanted; and contending, that the more the ful acts of violence and outrage which, city was neglected by those whole duty it have lately been committed by a let of was as magistrates to protect it, and the abandoned and desperate men, who, in greater danger it was in, it was the more the proftcution of their wicked purpo* incumbent on the court to express their fcs, assembled in such numbers as to o* gratitude and thankfulness to their Sove- verwhelm all civil authority, and render 1 reign for the preservation he bad kindly the exertions of the magistrates ioeffee-afforded them; and although the milita- tual. Thus circumstanced, nothing lef* ry was not at present withdrawn, (which than that armed force, with the dircc* seemed to be an Objection), he was fa- tion of which: yout Majesty ia ooaftito-tisfied they would be, , when his Majesty tionally intruded, could have refened at thought the city was peiffe&ly safe; he* from the horror*, with which we were therefore hoped no objection would be; surrounded s. that fotce your. Majesty, made to unanimously voting the address. m your .* great goodness, was most gra- ( Mr Huridrd and several other members- ciously pleased to send to ourpiotcftion;. declared their disapprobation of the bu-‘ and by its happy iuterposition. our pro* I

finefs till the military were removed. perties have been leeured from furtbo; ,

Mr Alderman Harley said, that fix depredation, and peace and tranquillity

weeks'had clap fed, and uo one step had again restored. For this your Majestjr*

been taken by the dvil magistrates for paternal care.ihown to your ancient and

the better prcwrvat)on.and' protcdion of loyal city of London, wc beg to greftot

our

AngijySo. Afiklrsla,

o*r most fincdre andkrfltaftl thanks ;:JTnd at the feme time we afftircyotir Majet ty, that* every event which can pofObly add to- the happiness, of any branch of voter'august family, or give additional loft re and dignity to your crown, will Ct Ter be received by os with the most heart' felt satisfadioo.” .1 < »o

JThe’King’s answer follows.

« * I thank you for this dutiful and loyal address. Your detestation of the late rebellious tumults,- and -the gratitude you express for the measures taken to supprefa them, and to restore the public^ tranquillity are highly agreeable to at

My concern for the welfare and pro- sperity of the great metropolis of my kingdom, makes me feel a particular fa-tiafa&ton in the prevention of that de-stru&ioo that threatened your properties, and in the re-establishment of legal order, under Which alone they can be secured.”

They were all received very gracioudy, and had the honour to kiss his Majesty’s band.

On the 9th of August, -Thomas Wtilings, Gabriel Leekey, Thomas Moore, Thomas Browne, William Gill, Thomas Hherwood, William Watlington, George Friend, John Clements, Robert Sowerby, William White, and John Jones, Eft)*, being introduced by the Lord of- his Majesty’s Bed-chamber in waiting, presented to the Ring the following address: which.his Majesty was pleafrdto receive very gracioudy; and they, had the honour to kiss his Majesty's hand.

“ Most Gracious Sovereign,

Wi, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, Liverymen, Freemen, and others, inhabitants of the city of Loodon, whose names are hereunto fob-feribed, with sentiments full of duty and affection to your Majesty’s person and family, humbly beg leave to exprefii our most grateful thanks for that -protection, which, by the wifdoro, vigilance, and activity of your Majesty in Council, was io seasonably. given us, at a time when our lives, property, and every thing dear to us, were in such imminent danger, from the violence of the most outrageous banditti that ever cl* ifted.

We are sensible, from your Majesty's trader and paternal regard for your people that it hot ever been your fixed

fEagjhnd. 439

determination to- mike the law of the sand the rule of your government; and Jiave the most lively sense of your Majesty’g tenderness and compassion, which have been excrctfcd with such temper and moderation, in the execution of those laws, at a time when the heinouf-nefs of the offences which had been committed, might have justined the greatel$ rigour. ‘

Convinced of the blessings we enjop under your Majesty's mild and aufpi-cious government, we beg leave to a£r sure your Majesty, that the strictest attention shall be paid by us to the law# of our country; and that we will, exer^ ourselves, on every, occasion, in guarding the peace of this city against future disturbances.”

[Signed by a769.- respectable names.] York corporation was no less divided than that of London.—— A letter, dated, York; July runs thus.

‘ * At a meeting of the corporation at the Guildhall on Tuesday last, a motion was made for an address to his Majesty on the success of his arms in the taking of Charlestown, and for the prudent and speedy suppression of the late tumults in the metropolis. After some debate, on a division there appeared for the motioB 17, against it 15; whereupon a committee was appointed to draw up an address, and lay it before the cor* poration on Friday at the GuildhalL On which day an address was accordingly presented; when a motion was made, and seconded, that it should be thrown over the table; but after some debate the motion was withdrawn, and the following address was read.

“ To the King's Most Excellent Majesty, The humble Address of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Commonalty of the City of York, in Common Council assembled.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjells, the Lord Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Commonalty of your city of York, beg leave to offer our hearty congratulations to your Majesty on the late glorious and important /uccefles of your arms in South Carolina.

Your Majesty’s royal clemency, so liberally offered to your deluded subjects in the colonies, and the humane and indulgent treatment those at Charlestown

9 ' fcw

>146 {MkffT

>s»r rxprrfewnf, ;?if tft* rrry nrnment tof riftory. From the wife and brave Commanders of your Majesty’a force®, faford the ftmft just and powerful encouragements to returning loyalty and ibedit nee, and leave noexcufc to those Who still perfevefe in resistance.

If become? us also, with the watmeft gratitude, to acknowledge your Maje* yTs paternal solicitude for the.protec* lion of your dominions at home, demon* rated in the prudent and speedy sup. gtression of the late wicked and dtftruc-Ihre Tumult? in your metropolis. We hrt fully sensible, that our rebgroos and tfra liberties cap no longer be Feeure than whilff the authority of your MajestyV government t* duly Supported, and that unjverlal submission to law and order t* efieotial to the public happineft And prfcfperity.

- May a cordial reunion of your Majesty’s American colonies with their pa* pmtTeuntTy speed/ly take effect, to the total disappointmerit of the enemies of yotir crovrn, and the general joy and frttsfatfion of your Majesty and all your loyal subjects/’

, Hereupon a long debate ensued; nod* on a division, it was approved by 19, *od dtfappnoved by 38; confcquenthr dropped.”

* At a meeting of the committee of af* fociation, held at York, Aug. 8. the following refolutkms were unanimoufty a* greed to,

44 Resolved,. That the Rt Hon. the Sari of Effingham, Charles Turner, Esq; the Rev. Mr Walker, John Anderson* Sib; the Rev. Mr Lawton, William T, loliff, Esq; William Waines, Esq; William Fenton, jun. Esq; and Wil-Ram Buck, Esq; be added to this committee.

Whereas, from the l^te abominable outrages committed by the lowest dalles of the populace in London, occasion Rath been taken, by perform hostile to the just rights and freedom of the people, to defame the affbeiation of this county, and of other counties and principal corporations of England, as being calculated to produce similar acts of violence; iHrtwithstanding the express and solemn declaration of their purpose to support* bf legal and pacific methods, the propofi* Irons for a reform in the expenditure of public money, ami for a mere fentation of the perple, and dura*

lion of parkamenta

0‘EitgtadA ’▼tilr#*

Refohrwg; Vhdtjfh/n whaftewrirqom-ter thefr (lefanatory ftfgdHons any have corner th» committee doth holi them in contempt, os mifreprefeotaft i vainly contrived to intimidate deter the affiliated bodies from the piofr. cution of their joft and otttfiry yfao of public reformation.

Resolved, That nut withftamHnw the rejection of every material regobthn proposed to parliament during -the M fession, for mtroductng a more ooooeo-mical management of the public revenues, and effecting a proper dlmi—tiua of the excefltve intfoence of the crown, in conformity to the wiflies of the people, and to the tote of the' Nook of Commons itfetf on. the 6th of Afri Jaft [309.]; this committee doth eaa-ftde in the fiottneft and energy of the nation; not doubting hot their Ready perseverance in an orderly and legal support of the measure* of their respective afloemtions, win, m doe time, be found effectual to obtain a complete re-drefsof those akiraring evils; lad atfe to correct the inveterate abuses in the db» ratim of, and reptejentatfonia fmrtoamrmt, which are the true origin and fmux of at! our national grievances,

Resolved, That if, on any frit me uw-hnppy interruption of the pnbSc peaor, orders shall he fffiucd to the military force to difeon peacmblefabjedb, brig Protestants, under any pretence of example or precedent drawn from, any on- 1 dev given to that effort daring die fate tumults in London, foeh orders oogfct I not to becomplied with, being contrary Hr I

the natural right of fclf-defcncc,contrary to the pofitivelawof the land, and drieftly fending to the otter ruin of car liberties by the introdadioR of a military govern- i

tnent.

Resolved, That the interference of the military for the supprefion of riots not under the dried ion of the crid snags-strate, but at the difcretio* of their commanding officer, is a dangerous deviation from the ufuai couftitutiont) practice during the reigns of the two first princes of the House of Hanover, which 1 the not urgent and evident uectffity a-Hone can vender excofrbie.

Resolved, That, however the trier for the interference of the military at their discretion for the suppression of the late riots Hi the metropolis, may la re been unavoidable from the pre fling eia ciunfianceft-of the cafryviswfrom thegreab-

.Aug.'17So, England)

nest ttf thie danger,'and the tntrmida- tics! a tfmeas file pfefrnt.”' The R’lig tr^on-Qf^the magistracy from the due ex- ihrtantly wrofe ananswer full of affi c-exititicm of their office in maintaining or' tionand tend* i:nefs,^af>pointin^ the n(Xt x-^storing^h’e. public peace; yet the ex- evening for a meeting. They accor-tension of similar ordefs to the army' in* dingly met at the Queerfs pahee, and other parts of the kingdom, where no were together nhovf an hour. Thecop-'pr*efling dangeraftunlly exirts, and vyhere sequence was, that next day the Kipg no rcludtance in the magistraey to per- saw the* Duke Cumberland, and a form their ditty can he reasonably fnf- fraternal afflftion took place bet\yten t^e ^c^ted, cannot be defended on any real three Royal brothers’,' r

ground of nereffity. ’ in the London Gazette of Jlily 29.

Resolved, That it is the dearcfl* inte- the following article appeared.—— Test of every private subject, as well as Kennet, Mayor.—A common conh* his bounden fluty by the law of the cil holden in the chamber of the Guld-land, to exert himself, according to his hall of the city Of London*, on Monday, xitinoft ability, to maintain the peace of the 24th day of July 17E0; — R f dyed the«country; so that good order. may, unrniimoufly, That the thanks oP llJs without the aid or interpolation of any military force, be effectually preserved ' within the same.

Resolved, Tfoat this committee doth tnoft earneftjy recommend to all fulifhrf-tial householders, to be ready and prepared, on the 6rft appearance of any riotous commotion, to assist in maintaining peace and good order, under the date Aug. 18.

court be given to the officers arid privates who have done duty in this city, for their exemplary conduct anil i>iiitt attention to military discipline, during the late alarming riots.”----- The military began to remove out of the city ‘next day f 4-ia.l

Four orders or council were issued of

directions of the civil magistrate.

'Resolved, That this committee will, at a future meeting, proceed to a nomination* of delegates to attend in London next Winter, to communicate with the delegates flf Other petitioning or af focrated bodies, on the means of carrying into effect the objcd:9 of their petitions or affiodations. [ 199.*)

Refolded, That, as we do not flatter ourselves, that the commission of accounts appointed by the late ad [435.], promises the pnbliq that effectual re* arefs which H wrfhes, Mr Burke be desired to present again, in the next section tjfparliament, his bill, “ for the better regulation of his Majesty’s civil establishments, and of certain public offices; for the limitation of pen (ions, and the suppressing of fnndry useless, expensive, and inconvenient places, and for applying the monies saved thereby so the public service ;* and that the Chairman be requested to write to Mr Burke accordingly.”

Tbelate tumults have produced one goodeffedt, a reconciliation between the King and his brothers. — A card was ftnt, *tia said, by the Duke of Glou-cefterto the King, on Thursday, June 9. to the following purport: “ That he presented his humble duty to his Maje- Man, or to any of the ports of F.nrppe, fty, begging to be immediately employ- except the ports blinking to France <d in the defence of his pCTfon at so cri- and Spain, or co^ft wife,- under certain ‘'Vois. XLII, 3 K. pi avifots;

By one of them an embargo is laid upon all v..ffi Is laden, or to be laden, in G. Britain, with black cattle and hogs, beef, pork, butter and cheese, or any sort of provisions, except fish, corn or grain of any kind, or pulse, to continue till further order: bur the embargo does not extend to any. vefills carrying provisions t any place with ft the colonies of New Himpshire, M.illV-chufert’s-bay, Rhode island, Omnedti-. cut, New York, New Jerky, PennfyT-vani.i, the three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Nv>rt,h Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, in pursuance of an act made in the l ift session, to al’ow the exportation pr vi~

fioniy &c. from G. , /. cetftiA placet In N-rth/Imerira, which a>c nr

may bf undr‘ th: f'rot’Bin of his

d'ois, aid front liit hplo ts to

and other parrs of his Majesty's dm intent [322.J; nor to any w fills carrying pro* vitionB to any otlnr of h;s MajcMy’b co* Ionies in North America, nr to any of his Majesty’s Wert India tOands, or to, his forts and Lttlements on thecoaftof Africa, or the island of St Helena, under certain provisoes; nor to any v< IF Is carrying provisions to Ireland, cr the Wands of Guernsey or Jet fly, or the islands thereto belonging, or the ilie of

---

The late tumults have produced one good effect, a reconciliation between the King and his brothers.— A card was sent, 'tis said, by the Duke of Gloucester to the King, on Thursday, June 8. to the following purport: That he presented his humble duty to his Majesty, begging to be immediately employed in the defence of his person at so critical a time as the present.” The King instantly wrote an answer full of affection and tenderness, appointing the next evening for a meeting. They accordingly met at the Queen’s palace, and were together above an hour. The consequence was, that next day the King saw the Duke of Cumberland, and a fraternal affecttion took place between the three Royal brothers.

In the London Gazette of July 29. the following article appeared.——

“ Kennet, Mayor.—A common council holden in the chamber of the Guildhall of the city of London, on Monday, the 24th day of July 1780; — Resolved unanimously, That the thanks of this court be given to the officers and privates who have done duty in this city, for their exemplary conduit and strict attention to military discipline, during the late alarming riots.” - The military began to remove out Of the city next day. [412.]

