THE

PROCEEDINGS

ON THE

KING'S Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry,

HELD AT

St. MARGARET'S HILL,

On Monday the icth of July, 17S0, and the following Days;

BEFORE

The Right Hon. ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH,

Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOULD, Knight, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer;

AND

The Hon. FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

Taken in SHORT-HAND (with Penniflion of the Court)

By JOSEPH GURNEY,

Short-Hand-Writer at the Scf?ion in the Old Bailer. PARTI.

LONDON:

Printed for JOSEPH GURNEY,

And Sold by M. GURNEY, No. 34, Bill-Tardy near Temple-Bar

M.DCC.LXXX.

[PRICE SIX PENCE.]

GRAND JURY.

George Onslow*, of Ockham* Eiq;

William Norton, of IVanerfi* Efo*

William Mau Godfchall, of Esq*

William Northey, of E, Esq;

Anthony Dickins, of, Ewe Esq;

James Evelin, of Efiq;

William Watson, of Nine Elms, Esq;

Horace Saint Paul, cf Esq;

Herbert Thomas, of R Bfq;

Thomas Pafker, of Shackleford, Esq*

Harry Thompson, cf Esq;

Isaac Akerman, of Eatterjia, Esq;

Richard Wyatt, of Egba, Esq;

John-Thornton, of Ckp Esq; ,

William Coffin, of Southwark, Esq;

Richard Carpenter Smith, of Esq*

Claude Crefpi^ny, of Esq;

John Evans, of Streatham, Esq*

Gideon Fournier,. of R, Esq;

Thomas Hurst, of Walton upon Thames, Esq; Abraham Pitcher, of Streatham, Esq; Christopher Baldwin, cf Esq;

James Payne, of Chert Esq$

i; XT.

THE

PROCEEDINGS

ON THE

KING'S Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry,

J V

Daniel Blake, of Chc Miller. James Gal pin, of M, Yeoman. Andrew Mackafon, of , Yeoman.

John Millift, of Chertf, Yeoman. Francis Bartholomew, of Gent.

George Dewdney, of Miller.

r r.

John Franks, of Darking, Shopkeeper. John Fly, of Croydon, Broker. Richard Burt, of Reigate, Tanner. William Thirkle, of Egham, Gent. Wm. Shirley, of Croydon, Corn-chandler,

Thomas Spencer, of Yeoman.

i. JOSEPH LOVELL and ROBERT J* LOVELL were indicted, for that {hey, with forty other persons and more, did unlawfully, riotou/ly, and tumultuously aiitmble on the 8th of June, to the distur*-barce of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pul! down the dwelling-house of Thomas Connolly, against the statute.

WILLIAM' IVEY orn.

Where do you live ? — In Bermondsey-street.

Do you remember being in Tooley-street

at any time on the 8thcf June f-I was

there about twelve o'clock at noon.

Do you know the houfb of one Thomas Conolly there ? — Yes, I have known it many years.

Give an account of what number of persons you observed before that house, and what they were doing ? — I believe therd were a hundred or more: they were beating out the fiont of the house, and destroying the furniture.

Have you a recollection of any person 01^ persons in particular ? — Yes, of both thtf prisoners at the bar.

What did you observe the prisoners aff the bar doing ? — I saw them in the one pair of flairs room throwing out the furniture.

c

niturc, and beating the front of the house

down.

Had you known the prisoners-before that time ? — I had known them seven or eight years. N

For how long time in the whole had you an opportunity of observing their conduct? — A quarter of an hour the-first time. I 'then went away, and returned again twice more before three o'clock. I saw Robert every time I returned. I don't recollect seeing Joseph Lovell there afrer I saw him the first time.

What time was it before the mob had quitted Mr. Connolly's house? — I believe it was six o'clock before they totally left it.

In what condition was the house. then ? — The front was entirely beat down, par t of the roof was off, and the furniture was all d off roved.

WILLIAM FIELD

Were you in Tooley-street on the 8fh of June? — I was.

Did you observe either of the prisoners there ? — I observed Robert there. I live oppositcMr.ConnoHy'shousej I was in my two pair of flairs apartment.

Did you from that situation observe any thing done to Connolly's house ? — Yes, I saw Robert Lovell in particular, destroying the house, and loading the furniture into a cart.

You did not fee Joseph ? — I 4<m't know that I saw him there.

What was hr doing to the house ? — He was, 1 believe, in ali the rooms in the house at times: lie had an iron bar in*his hand, with which he fir A of all knocked the windows out. I particularly remarked him; I have known him about the Borough many years.

W hat was done to the furniture ? — De-stroyed- and demolished. Sometimes these mien were in the house, and fomeiimcs in the {freer, demoiishing the furniture after it was thrown out; and he was loading a cart, which cart went with the goods to a Cxe a little diflauce from thence.

i 3 -

Wfiat were the nmb doing to the houfii during the time you saw this man so active ? — -Some were throwing the g6ods out, and that man was huzzaing, and demoiishing the furniture: the front of the house was quite knocked down, and even the floors were partly demolished.

Was this demolition going on at the time ycu law the prisoner there ? — It was.

What time of the day did you first fee them? — Soon after ii, I think.

How long did they remain at the house? — I remained on my own premises near three hours, they were there all the time. Robert Lovell had a copper which he carried along the flreetin triumph j he had it hanging on a bar which was across his shoulder, and he was striking the copper as it hung over his shoulder.

Do you know to whom that copper belonged ? — It belonged to Mr, Connolly, I believe; it was first of all- brought out full of strong beer and carried by' two men to the soldiers. I don't know the two men.

What buf ness is Connolly ? — He kept a public house, the sign of the Two Brewers in Tnoley-flrect.

JOSEPH LOVELL's DEFENCE.

I know nothing of these men. ROBERT LOVELL's DEFENCE.

I am as innocent of it as the holy angds above. They do it for the of mo-

ney; bccaul'e the magistrates give so much reward, they are false witnesses: they get their living by rapping^ by swearing away

mens lives! They will swear black is white ! Give them a little money, and they will swear the greatest thief off! They will swear against father and' mother for money

From the "Jury to' III!Ram Do yon

expert: any reward ? — No j I knew of none when they were taken up, which was live next day after the fact.

Court, The information was given before the proclamation.

Ivey. I never saw any other proclamation but that relative to the ambaffudors horses.

The

The p pi Ton on were Liken up, and I was

bot.nu over to give evidence, before I ever law 2ov proclamation of a r-wurd.

7a Ji't'li'ni ‘Field, Do you expect an?

toward ?* — None; I do it out of duty to mv king and country, and tiio neighbourhood.

One if th?'Ju»v. We bee you*- lord Hi ip

will inform uS, whether it is not necessary that there should be two witnesses aijamft a nr i loner to authorize us to convict him

Court: In pbiiit of law, certainly it rs

r.ot nccellhry. < -

Guilty (SDrafly)

SARAH HARWELL," Widow, and ELIZABETH HARWELL, Spinller, were ir.diited, for that they, with 4D other persons, and more, did unlawfully, rio-rnuflv, and cumultunufly diemole on the jib of June, to the disturbance of the public peace, anil did begin to demoiilh and pull clown the dwelling-house of Llizabctlf Currie, widow, against the statute.

(' 7 he C* unfit for Col Cruvti not offet *ny evt deuce.)

Both Not Guilty.

JUDITH, the wife of PETER SWI-Ni*Y, and JOHN MARNS were indict-; J, for that they, with 40 other persons, and more, did unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assemble on the 7th of June, to the disturbailce of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling'-house of Alexander French, against the statute.

PATRICK CLINGHAM

I understand that you are foreman to Mr. Alexander French Yes.

What business is Mr. French? — An ironmonger and frnith, in Eall-iane, Berra ond fey.

On what dav, and at what time of the day, was Mr. French's house attacked ? — On Wednesday the 7th of June, between

Part I.

5 3

the hours of fcv&fl and eight o'clsck; they came up wulr a flag tiy-ui.j, and were headed by a man with a c'rav. ;i fweird. They Aril of all dJiroyed a private meeting-house, which tfiey called a Roman' Catholick Chapel, then they came to Ik-ir. French's house.

What time was it when th-‘ v came t<» Mr. l'rcnch's house ? — About 8 o'clock. They ad deeded themselves to tome friends of Mr. French's, who were at his hoi'ic, and defticd to know what profession they weic of j the gentlemen told- than, tin./ nvere proteiiants. After they had gone away twice, they returned again and entered the house; it was then i imagine a little after eight o'clock; they itreyed all the furniture, they broke out the window-frames, and even the cornices and waiulcotting belonging to the house, and then threw part of it out into the Ifrect.

What time did this take upr- — When did tb."y quit the house? — I imagine it was one o'clock in the morning before they quitted it.

During the time the mob was there, have you any recollection of seeing either of the prisoners ? — -Yes, both of them.

Mention the time you saw them there j and describe what you saw them doing r- — Mains was there all the night.

How was he employed ? — I am not ceri tain how he was employed. I iaw him with a large wax candle a-lighf in his hand; he laid, we have got ioax to light us.

Did you fee any other wax candles i —

I saw numbers of people with candles.

At what time did you fee Judith Swiney, and how was she employed ? — I saw her in the street in the front of the house at the time the mob entered the house. I did not fee her afterwards.

Where was Marns when he Lid I have got a wax candle ? — He was in the garden belonging to Mr. French's home.

O C>

Is there an entrance to that garden from the street ? — It is an out-yard where we keep anchors; there is an entrance into it from the street.

[ 6 ]

I suppcfe that out-yard is secured by a gate?* — It is.

Was that gate open or secured ? — It was Opened for us to convey out such things as wc could of Mr. French's property; we conveyed things that way.

Was that the only time you saw the prisoner, when he had a candle? — I had ieenhim at other times.

Had he given you any assistance to convey out your goods ?< — He never ebftrudted me.

That is not an answer to the question. Did he give you any assistance to convey ‘ out the goods ? — He did not

In what other parts of the house, or the premiles, had you fecn him in the course of that evening ? — I never saw him in the house, to the best of my knowledge; I saw him in the garden, in the brewhouie, and in the anchor-yard. r

W as he there merely as a spectator, or assisting you; or was he there doing mif-chief? — I am not politive.

ELIZABETH WILKINS from.

Do you know either of the prisoners ? — I know them both.

Do you remember Mr. French's house bein£ attacked by the mob ? — Very well.

Did you fee either of the prisoners there? — I saw Swiney at about half past 10 'clock in Mr. French's cellar; she was along with the mob, there might be about a dozen or fourteen men there.

What men where they ? — Some of the mob, and she was giving wine to those people out of a fauccpan, as it seemed to be, without a handle, and she herself told me so the next day.

Did you fee her do any thing to the house, or furniture? — No, nothing at

all.

ELIZABETH BALMAN sworn.

Were you present at any time in the / evening when Mr. French's house was attacked ? — No.

You know Mr. French ? — Yes.

Did you fee Swiney that night ? — Yes, in the Cross alley.

At what time was that ? — It was on the

Wednesday'night, j can't say at what hour.

What did you fee her do there ? — She was cutting a rr.attrefs; I asked her v/J»at she was doing ? the said she was not going to take it away.

NICHOLAS HILYER

Do you know either of the prisoners at the bar ? — Yes, I know Swiney.

Were you present when the attack was made upon Mr. French's house? — I was not there when it began, I was thereabout eleven o'clock.

Did you fee Swiney there ? — Yes, I saw her out-side the house, close to the door.

What was she doing ? — Taking things up and putting them into her apron; her apron was full, but I did nor know what was in it. I /aid, fe the fish foggs

work. Swiney is a fish-woman, {he knew me, and ihc endeavoured to bring the mob hound me: she called me son of a bitch; she then pulled some feathers out of her apron, and chucked them over me; the street was full of feathers, close to Mr, French's house.

You said flie endeavoured to bring the mob round you; what did she do or say to bring the mob round you? — I don't know what she said; they came round me and endeavoured to beat me, but I got off". I saw her a second time in an alley that goes to the back part of Mr. French's house; I saw her very busy there; she then had her apron full of things, but I could not fee what fort of things they were.

What arc you r — A boat-builder or ship-wright.

Where do you live ? — The top of West-lane.

Had you known her before ? — -Only by fight.

Are you a master or a journeyman ? ——

A master.

What was the occasion of your being the re ? — My next neighbour is a Roman Catholick; i had some beams in his yard, and was afraid his house should be burnt;

he begged me to step up tc Tee if the mob were coming, and it was but a little way. CATHARINE CLARICE

Where do you live ? — In Meeting-house Yard, Dock-head, which is about halt a quarter of a mile from Mr. French's.

Were you present at Mr. French's house, or near it, at any time when the house was attacked ? - — At about to o'clock I was in the garden; the mob were then destroying the house, and the goods likewise. I law John Mai ns there at about half an hour after io o'clock; he had a white apron on, and in it he had a lap full of sundry things. There was at the top a red-and-white copper plate curtain; what there was at the bottom I can't say.

Where was he coming from i — He was coming out of the back part of Mr. French's house, down the steps into the garden.

Did you say any thin^ to him ? — I heard the moD say, that all Mr. French's goods or things were to be burnt and ciestroyed. I said to Marns, I thought you had been here to burn and destroy thele things and not to Real them away; ha called me a pc.pijl uhcb,; I said I was no more a papist than he was, nor none of my family; he f.iid, yes, I was, and I he would threw me into the fire.

Was there a fire near ? — There was a fire in the kitchen, in which they had pleased to burn things; the flames went terribly up the chimney; and there was another fire at the bottom of East-lane, where they were burning things, which they had taken from another house; I saw Marns conceal those things which he had in his lap behind a myrtle in the garden clofc to the pond; he afterwards returned to the same place which he had come from in the garden, and he had books in his hand which he burnt in the garden.

Was there a fire in the garden ?-No,

but they had lights.

Do you know what the books were ? — No.

Did you fee biin bring them out of Mr*

French's house?--- No; I saw him pack

them up in the garden; the mob had thrown

7 ]

them out of the house.

The garden is near the house ? Yes, quite adjoining. .

Who set fire to the books ? — Mr. Marns was among them.

There were many people in the garden besides him ? — Yes; a great many.

Some of them you laid had lights ? — 7,.hey had.

C^ofs-Examination. Then the goods he was taking out hr. concealed ? — Yes.

Did you fee any of Mr. French's fcrvanlS' Jikcwife aftift ia taking tilings out ? — No.

Did you fee any hod) also assist in taking things out ? — There were some people, but I did not know them.

You told him he ought not to burp those things, upon which he damned you --

No; he called me a P bitch. SWINEY'j Defence.,

I have none of my witnesses here, which would be of service to me; my partner, if she was here, could tell your Lordship the fame. I. went up to iiillingfgafc in the morning; I have a great many children;

I work hard for them; I went up for some mackare!; I came down this East-lane, a-I fruited son.e money there; I went down to Iliilingfgute in the afternoon; I could not get any mackare!; I thought I would go and receive this money as my husband earns but little; it was next door to the house they burnt down that I had trusted some money in the morning, because the lady wanted change; I went and got my money. As I came up again these people were all about Capt. French's house; I don't know the name of the lady I trusted; they are gentlemens' houses there, and when their own settled fishwomcn come, they lay out their money with them. I saw the people there when they began to break the frames of the window; I said, "dear, what a fad thing*' it is to break a gentleman's house that i» so good to the poor !" for Capt. French is a very worthy ^'ntlemin, 1 would go ten miles to save hia house, rather than dcilroy it; oneof them said, "you papist bitch,you

arc

are as bad as they the n they took my hand-

kerchief away, cut n;y apron-wrings, ami tumbled rue into the house, where I was Itcpcy I b..ircve, for an hour; I was over my Ihots in something, what it was I cannot *e!l; I laid, " for Christ's fake, give me my hat, that I may go home to my children;

I-was stabbed in two places in my hands, and went home all of a gore of blood; I never got my hat uv-in. As I came down the PuirSof the door, one of Capt. French's men said, "what do you do here ?" he hid me wi'.fh my felt in this; whether it was in a pot or what, f do not know; Out I washed the tolocd oft', and as I came through the alley something. fell down unon my head that knocked me down. Mr. flilyeriaid, "wh.tt <lo you do here ?" they began to throw the feathers ' about; they took fotnc oh' the ground, then a calc of knives and forks came out; Mr. Hilycr kicked them into the fire; I said, <fcit is a fad thing to destroy those good things, and your houfr is fitter to be down than Capt. b i t itch's ;" I tumbled over f'mcth'ng, and then came home di»-redtly-, and \V ilkins and Bafernan were taken up the dav before me on account of things *t Capt. French being found upon them, and so to get themselves out of the hobble, they bring me here. They said, they were sorry fof v.hat they had said, and that they would not spea.k a word in court, unless they had the money down first. I had that intelligence brought me to the New Gaol.

MARNS's DEFENCE.

I'was employed that nrght, as a watchman, in IIaft Lane; when I went down the mob were in Captain French's house.

I. went into the back yard; I flood there a good while. I said to several people, who are in court, " it is a pity to fee things going on ih this manner.". I took hold of one of tiic boys that were ther e, indeed they were mostly boy % and took a wax candle out of his hand. I went backwards, I found a parcel of books lying the re; 1 put them into my apron, and carried them i:Uo the garden. I said, to one James Chrifinals, there is a parcel of books I have put into such a place in the garden," fori durst not

I

carry them out for fear of the mob; after that I came forward into E.‘lft Lane again. 1 walked up and down the lane fc-verai times; they were breaking and dell loving all this time. I was afraid, as they saw mebufy taking thing- away, that they should do me a mi (chief; having a wife and five children, I was willing t6 keep as much out of ;t as I could. James Christmafs said to me, about one. in the morning, u I wish you would be fb kind as to ftav in the front of the honfe with me, and lee that nobody takes away what is litre, we hare people of our own in the batk yard." I told him I would x;ot be out of the way at all. t ft aid there till morning; and, in the morn ing', I helped Mr. French's partner, and some more gentlemen there, to carry away the goods, which lay in the lane, into tnc yard; and then I went home about my business.

- For Mutts. '

DANIEL MOONEY sworn.

I am a watchman.;

Was you a watchman the night Mr. French's house was destroyed I

employed Marns, in my roorrt, to take care of the inhabitants, becaufeT was not able to stand it myself; and gave him my coat, lanthorn and staff; at seven o'clock that nrght I employed him.

JAMES CHEESE

I am a'smith, and arn one of Mr. French's foremen.

Do you recollect the night that Iris house was begun to be demolished ? — Yes.

Do you remember seeing Mams there r — Yes.

What was he about ? — Striving to favc Mr. French's property. I had a carpet upon ray head belonging to Mr. French; I was carrying it out of the garden; lie was {landing on the outside of the diror, to see that nothing should be carried our of Mr, Eiench's house; he asked me who I v'as ? I said, it is me, John. Then he said, make h<itic along.

What was he employed in afterwards? — I did not fee any thing that he did afterwards*.

Crop

C 9 i

Crtfi Mx&minatten*

Arc you a lcrvunt to Mr. French now ? *--Vcs.

What time of night was it you saw this arm* ? — About ij o'flxk.

Did you fee.him at any other time than you have mentioneil ?. — Yes at times 1 saw him all the night.

Did you fee him flop any body carrying out any thing? - — No, I did Rot.

ifut he questioucd you where you were going r — Yes* he did.

And he knew you ? — Yes.

V- here did you fee him when you came back ? — In the garden.

Had he a light in his hand — To the

best of my knowledge, he had.

When you hrft law him? — No, not

then.

Did you fee him any where else with a light but in the garden ?-?-No.

What time did you fee him in the garden ? — About ii; it was about half after. iO when I carried out the carpet.

Were there any of the mob in the gar-din with lights ? — I saw some of the mob there at the same time.

H^d they lights as well as him ? — I did not take notice.

Did you fee but one light? — I saw no more to my. knowledge but that which this man had.

JAMES CHRISTMASS /warn.

What are you ? — A smith, and ftrvatih <o Mr. French.

Do you know John Mams ? — Very well.

Did you fee him the night this house was attempted to be Jeraolished ? — Yes, I saw him about half after nine: be tap'd me on the shoulder, and said he had hid a parcel of books he had taken from under the rub-bUh, behind the fish-pond, to prevent the mob demolishing the m.

Was be aififting you ? — As much as was in his power.

Cross Examination.

Ane you a servant to Mr. French now ? — I am out of my time, but I work for bim now.

What did you fee this prisoner do daring I'a&t L

the remainder of the night I went t< the warehouse to favc the books j i was not back again till one.

What did you fee him do f — He affiikd in laving cur goods; I saw him a/Ttft our people in getting a model of a ship out of the yard.

Who were the people he affiled ? — I saw him assist John Auilin, a fervent of Mr. French's.

MATHEW RYE

I am brazier to Mr. French.

Do you recoiled seeing John Marna on this night ? — Yes; I saw him about half after ten o'clock.

What was he about ? — He wa? stationedL there as a watchman*-as far as I saw; he had a candle -in his right hand and a* flick in his left* and he had on a great coat.

Did you fee him do any thing ?- — I saw him Hop several people that had bundles* who were att< niptic.g to go out of Mr» f rench's back door* and he made them put the bundles down.

Was that in the garden Or in the street? — In the garden.

At this time were the mob numerous, or were they but few ? — -The mob were nu- . raerous in destroying the inftdc of die house, and there wac about ten in the

was the behaviour of the persone he fropped ? — They had the things in their laps; he said, <c where are you going; with these things ?" The persons said* " going to commit them to the flamessaid he, "I insist upon your putting them down," which they did, and went away out at the garden gate.

Do you know what becameof those things afterwards ? — I saw them lay in the garden, and wc were there to get away what property we could.

Then according to your account he was _ affiiling Mr. French's servants ? — He,was. afliffing us the whole time J saw him, to keep the mob off from doing.damage.

And he did not alter his behaviour during any part of the night ? — Not at all as I

C saw;

garden

Wh

0 I# 1

IkW; I was there till neap seven in the* morning, and never (aw any thing improper in his behaviour.

Did you fee any thing of.any books being burnt ? — There was no fire in the garden.

There were lights in the garden, were there not ? — I saw a book on fire, I took it that it came on fire out of the house.

How many lights might you fee in the garden, at any one time ? — I law two books chucked out at different times I saw no more- than one candle in the garden till dirk, then I got a candle my fell, to look A>r Mr. French's property, to lave what J could.

Were there r.one of the mob that had candles in the garden i — I did not fee any; about half after ten o'clock the people took out lights to leek for Mr. French's pro-ptfrfvf to five it.

WILLIAM POPE I am a Watchman to Mr. Hacks,- of nights, and a labouring man in the day time.

Was you at this fire ? — I was there the whole course of the night, in my duty as a watchman.

Did you fee Mams there ? — Yes#

What was he doing the re ? — He was aiding and affixing me and Mr. French's people totakecareof Mr. French's proper--tj: the things which had been thrown out cdthe hoHle-hc helped to carry backwards into the garden, which I and several other people dtd likewise, in order to take care of them, and to prevent the people carry- ‘ ire them off.

— +T- MARTIN You are partner with Captain French; — Yes 1 was.

Do you know the prisonor Marns ? — Yes. Do you recoiled seeing him there that evening ? — No, he was there at break of day in the-morning, end ailifted me in laving the broken remains of Mr. French's property, and carrying it backwards into the garden: I had several more there to five what was k*ft? after the mob dispersed, and I was there best prrt of the night.

What is his general cKhrx&er I never heard any thing anufsof him.

THOMAS HE ARNE/were.

I am a rope-maker, I have known Marne a great many years, he has a very-honefb character, he was very sober all the time this affair happened, and went off sober ia. the morning.

THOMAS DANIEL fuxtrn.

I am a publican, I have known Mams ten years, he is z,very honest man a far as ever I heard in my life j he was employ- cd by the neighbourhood to watch at the

time of those riot*.--- Elizabeth Eiarc-

man is not a good witness against this-woman, because being both of a trade, Ihc has spite and malice against her.

- Doyou know that 1 — I imagine so»

Counfelfor the Crown. You are a publican i — Yes.

Have you malice against all publicans ? --- No, I saw the woman there, and I saw her do- no manner of damage: I have known her-ten years.

Can you say any thing for her? — She was always an honest hard warking woman; fhc got a livelihood for her family, which is-a large one, by felling fish, Inc used to come into my house to fell oyflers and fish, she always behaved very honestiy and candidly.

ANN HARRIS

She is a sober, industrtoua woman; I never saw her in liquor in my life.

JOSEPH THORPE sworn.

I hare known her many years. Since thisdiiufter at Mr. French's house, flic has been at my hcniie to fell fish; one of the witnessl-s that has sworn again!! this woman Iwd some of Mt. French's property-found in her house, that is Balmarr.

Was you prefect when it was1 found ? — I was not, the confhble told- mo ft).

Courti You must not mention hoarfcv, did you fee it? — -I did not; the certftttbie-is here, his name is Robinson.

(He was called, hut drtl not etppw. )

BoTif N«t Guijltv.

WiLMAM

i. r

WILLIAM RAYTER was i/uMcd, for' that be, with 40 other persons, and more, did unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuouily-act'emble, on the yth j une, to the disturbance of the public peace; and did begin to de-moliih and pull down the dwelling-houi'e of Alexander French, against the statute. PATRICK CLINCH AM

Describe the time the mob came to Mr. French's house, and what they did there? -.--As near as I can recollect, they came about eight in the evening,; the prisoner was with them, he went up-to the gentlemen who were there, who were friends of> Mr.. French; he addreii'edthcm, and, de-j fired to know what religion they tv ere;

they laid pretestants: the mob went away twice, and returned: again; the priipner' continued talking about the scriptures, and about St. Paul. When the mob came back a second time, he entered the house. with them; there were not more than a. dozen entered the houft before him; they began immediately to break the windows; they knocked out the window-frames, and

then *hrew the furniture out of the windows; part of the wainfeoting and the cornices were pulled down and thrown out of the house.

When did you fee the prisoner next ? — Not till next morning; 1 then found him between the hours of one and three, in Mr. French's house, lying by the side of another man, dead drunk.

Had Mr. French any quantity of liquors taken from him that night ? — I can't tell,

I was never in the house. I aififted in carrying the prisoner out into the street, and 1 carried out another man and laid upon him.

You are sure the prifoder was the man that came up first with the mob ? — I am, for 1 was close to him.

Did you fee the mub come up ? — Yes.

Did he oomeup by himself, or come up along with the mob ? — He came up with the mob.

Was he drunk their, or fobor ? — I am net positive of that, he was capable' of tailing, and talked in a very -ftafible man*

tier about the Scripture y he did not appear to me to be intoxicated in the Icaft.

How long might he flay talking with the gentleman about religion, before the mob came up the last time ? — i imagine, not more than ten minutes, in the whole.

Did any other persons ilay with him ? — % Not to my knowledge; the mob went away twice and returned again/

How f2r did they go before they returned again ? — I am not positive, t believe they went to a public house, at the top of the street, and had some beer.

W as any thing said by him to the mob, or the mob to him, when they returned before they went into the house Not in my hearing.

JOHN TOOPE sworn.

Were you at Mr, French's house when* the mob first came ? — Yes, I was.

Do you know the prisoner ? — Yes. , Where did you lee him when the moh came first?. — ! saw him come up to Mr.-French's door; some gentlemen were Handing upon the steps, he asked then*: xvhat relgisn they ive of, the gentle-

man said, they were prorestants; the pr4~ foner said, prote/lants, or not,

need bepojfifed of more than a 1O0 that it money enough for any gentleman to lineup on. The prisoner came into the house soon afterwards.

Were there many with the prisontr ? — . When he came first, but a few, hut there were more soon.

When the mob went into thehbufe what became of him? — I saw him go. into tho-house at the time the mob came up first*: and I found him in the morning, in the fame room that I had seen hind go into* .'

What time did you find h*ni in the . morning ? — Between one arid two o'clock^'

I found him in the house, so drunk, that he was quite insensible. '

Are you sure that the prisoner is the man ?- — 1 am very sure of it.

Court. You say he wont into the house the first time the moheame up? — He did, the first time that i saw thstn come up.

D»f

i 3

Do you know whether the mob had been tip there at all before? — I believe they had by what I heard.

Were there many people with him when you saw him firit ? — A few, not many, they were further down East-I&ne when I iivv him at first.

You saw nothing done to the house? — No, I did not.

Prif/ner's defence. I have some gentlemen to speak for me, I have my matter here that I worked for, day after day, during the time of the riots.

For the Prisoner.

SAMUEL LIDDLE sworn.

- The prisoner worked for me, for, I sup-|K>fe, between two and three months; he ikept his time as well as any man could desire; at the time of this rioting he was at work, from, I suppose, five in the morning, till eight at night. On the day this affair happened, a man came of the fame trade, and took him out to drink; they went into a neighbouring house, and had three or four full pots of beer.

At vrhat time did he take him out ? — I believe about four or five in the afternoon, they went to a public house, Mr. Cambell's, the very next door to my yard;

then they went to another house, in the neighbourhood, and played at (kittles for a pot or two of beer, till between eight and ntnc o'clock.

Did you fee them there ? — No, but the s mailer of the public house is here.

Did yoi^fee any thing of them after they went out of your own (hop ? — No, I did not.

Jf I understood you right, you said, that at this time he worked till eight o'clock ? — All the time of the riots happening he tyas at work till that time, except on this day.

JAMES CAMBELL /went,

; I at ha victualler; I have known the prisoner two or three months; during that time he always kept very constant to his Work; on this afternoo.i, between four and five o'clock, he came to my house With a lhopmatc of hi£, and they had some

beer; I believe they had about four pets.'

How many people were there with him?- — Two men, his (hopmate and another.

How long did they stay there ? — Till about fix, 1 believe, then they went" to one Mr. Moore's; I did not fee him afterwards till the next day.

RICHARD MOORE sworn.

I am a victualler; I have not known the prisoner long; he came to my house in the evening about six d'clock; he and Mr. Clarke, and his fellow workman were together; they played at (kittles till about eight o'clock; they had about four pots of beer; after my girl had carried out some beer, (he came in and said that Ihc heard the mob were coining along to Mr. French's; the pnlpner and his fellow workman and the other man immediately set out to go there: the prisoner had a glass of gin at the bar before he went, which made him a good deal in liquor when he left my house.

: JOSEPH CLARKE sworn.

I have known the prisoner (even years; i always knewhim to beagood, hard-working young fellow; I never heard any harm of him in my life; he lodges at my house. 1 went into Mr. -Cambell's at almost six o'clock, there I saw the prisoner and a strangeman, a (hopmatc of his; we drank together, but wc did not day long there: then wc went to Mr. Moore's; Mr. Moore's maid came in, and said a large mob had. gone along by Dock-head; the strange man laid, " we cannot fee any thing hcie, let us go and fee." I said, " no, we had' better stay here but Hayter and his (hop-mate, being very much in liquor, they went. That (hopmate called upon Hayter that afternoon and took him out, or he would not have been in it. He ran ahead,

I take it, and got into the mob; but he did not get into the mob till they were i/i East-lane, for I walked with him as far as that; then I loft him. There I law people cutting and hacking things; 1 thought there was no good to be done there, so I went immediately home. I saw no more of the prisoner till he came home the next morning, all over feathers and nastiness; he

[ 13 ]

had lost his handkerchief, and his hat was cut almost to pieces.

WILLIAM COOKE sworn.

I am a barge builder. The prisoner worked for me.when he.f.rft came out of the country, which is 1*3 or 14 years ago; I have known hiqn ever iince; I have seen him frequently Iince at times on and oft; he has a very good character; lie is very honest; 1 should not be afraid to truit him with any sum of money to pay for me.

Did you know him down to the last month, or had your acquaintance ceafedJ — 1 had not seen him for this last month or six weeks, till I saw him the other day in the New Gaol; when he gets a little in liquor he is then a madman.

THOMAS LIDDARD I am son to the person that keeps the yard in which the prisoner works; I am backwards and forwards continually; I have fec.a him as assiduous in his business as any man con id be; 1 was upon his examination at the Rotation, and one of the wirnelfcs declared that he did not fee him take up and break, any thing, neither did he know whether he came to dtftioy or alllft.

Which of the witneilcs was that ? — - I cannot take upon me now to say.

Should you know the man that said so, if you saw him ?--I know both of the men by filth *, bur. I do not know which of them it was; there was a difference between the two people in their accounts; one of them said, that when he began to criticise about religion, and a/ked what property the people had that were in the house, he said, no man should enjoy more than a hundred pounds a year; the other said, a thousand pounds a year. In summing up the affidavit they both swore to a thousand a year; I believe he was fuddled when he went to the place.

Do you know any thing of this yourself, or did you only hear it ? — 1 heard it.

GUILTY ($Deatl})

THOMAS FREDERICK DAWSON,

was indicted, for that he with forty other persons and more, on the 7 th of June last, Fart I.

did, unlawfully, riofsufly, and tumaltu-ouily aifemble, to the ciilurbance of the public peace, and d;d begin to Jomoliih ami pull down the dwelling-house of Alexander French, against the statute.

WILLIAM EVVEN

I am a servant to Mr. French.

Were you at home on the 7th of June, when the mob came to your matter's heuse ? — I was.

Inform the Court of what their numbers were; in what manner they came; and whether vou saw the prisoner there ?--- I saw the prisoneT between the hours of 12 and 2 in the morning. I cannot recollect nearer than that as to the time: he was Handing in a narrow passage which leads from the gre.it hall through the house; he had the thick part of a bed-pest in his hand, with which he was striking either the stairs or the bannisters.

What effeift did this striking the bannisters produce ? — There was at that time a great part of the bannliters and the stairs broke down, but by whom they were broken I do not know, that being the first time of my , entering the house after the mob entered it.

How many might there be in the house at this time ? — There were some in the house, but how many J cannot tell, I went no farther into the house than that passage;

I was much afraid, and therefore I retreated backwards into the hen-house in the hen-yard, but before I did retreat I speke to the prisoner.: I ftoed next to him and viewed his features, and his dress, that I might be perfect in mv recollection of him; he had on a jacket and trowsers: I asked him. be worked \ he then leaned his back against the partition and Itood quiet; he told me be worked at Greenland

Did he say any thing more to you or you to him ? — There was Iomething else passed, but what I cannot recollect; there was a noise and a bustle at the front of the house, and then I retired backwards.

How long was it before vou saw him after that night ? — I did not fee him again till he was taken into custody; I knew him as soon as i saw him.

D , Was

[ H ]

\Y as hr with others or by him felt when you hrti law him after he had been taken ? — There were other people in the place where I saw him.

Was he the only man you fixed on ?---

There was no man that I saw in the riot that I can know again but him: I am po-fitiveheis the man.

Croft Examination.

You did not know this young man before ? — I never law him before to my knowledge.

There were other persons belonging to Captain French about the house I suppose as well as you r — There were.

Was Mr. Martin, Captain F rench's partner, there at that time r — I did not fee him.

Do you know any other of Captain French's servants that were in the house? — Patrick Ciingkamcame in after.

Do you know any of Captain French's servants that were there at the time the bannisters were breaking ? — No.

You never saw this man before ? — Not that I know.

And the man was dressed in a sailor's dress. — He was in a jacket and trousers.

Was there any other person taken up by your means ? — No.

Court. Did you ever take any other person for the man in the jacket and trowsers ? — Never.

Cotmfel for thepr if oner. I apprehend that

you was a good deal alarmed at this time ? — I had been alarmed, but at that time I was rather settled.

-Court. Were there any more men in jackets and trowsers ?- — There might be more, hut I could not difeern, for I did not know their faces.

You need not look in their faces to know whether they had jackets and trowsers on ? — I cannot be poll five.

I understood you was not at the front of the house to fee what was before the house ? — No, not from the time part of the mob entered the house, then somebody told me to go backwards.

GEORGE DAY

Between the hours of twelve and two I went with Wm. Ewcn, Mr. French's

\ The Prisoner

fervsnt, to Mr. French's house j I went at that time no farther than the back parlour, he went forward into the hall towards the fore door, I flood some time in the back parlour. Wm. Ewen came tome and told me he had been taking off faces; he asked me if I had not fecn a young man with red hair,f with a bed poll in his hand j I said I had not: in about ten minutes after that I saw the prisoner (landing in the back parlour, with fomethingin his hand, I did not take notice w'hether it was abed pofl or not, but it was a long pole, he flood leaning upon it.

Are you certain that the prisoner is the man ? — lam confident that is the man that flood leaning on the pole in the parlour.

Cross Examination.

Did not you at first say you was not po-fitive to the man ? — I am positive to him now; when Mr. Ewen described to me that he was the man, our maid said she had known him some time, and he had black, hair: I

thought I was wrong in the person if he had black hair, but when I went to the New Gaol to see the prisoner the other day, then I was sure he was the man that 1 had fecn in Mr. French's back parlour.

Had you seen the prisoner or any other man that you took to be the man you saw in the back parlour from that time till vou saw the Prisoner in the New Gaol ? — No.

Then how happened it you was not po-fitive at first ? — The reason v as the maid's description differing so much from the description which I had before given of him,

I was not positive till I saw him in the New Gaol, on Sunday last, then I was positive to him.

Court. When they told you that the man taken up had black hair you thought it was not the man ? — Yes.

PATRICK CUNGHAM

Describe what injury was done by the mob to Mr. Frcr.ch's house ? — The house was totally destroyed except the shell, the wainfeoting, the cornices, and the win- -dows were totally destroyed.

Did you make any observation about

the

has red hair.

----- by

.______

i5

the flairs or bannisters in the hall r — Yes, the flairs were broke to pieces, and the bannisters were broke.

Was this done whilst the mob continued at the house ? — 1 imagine it was; I did not go into the house til! they were gone, then I observed that the house was in that condition.

Had any injury been done to the flairs' before the mob attacked the house ? — No, they were in good repair and condition.

Had you seen them on that afternoon before the mob came ? — Yes, I had been in the house, we were moving Mr. French's valuable effects, such as the plate.

Grefs £ xamination.

As you were not there when the flairs were destroyed, of course you cannot tell what number of people were then in the house. — I cannot.

Counsel for the Crown. The mob consisted of a great number, did it not ? — We imagined the whole of them con filled of one hundred and fifty, 1 speak within compals.

At what time did they come ? — At eight in the evening.

At what time did the main body of them leave the house? — I cannot tell, I was so bulily employed in getting Mr. French's property out of the back yard, that I did not take particular notice j I was there backwards and forwards the whole night, getting what things I could of Mr. French's from the mob.

PRISONER'S DEFENCE.

I leave it to Almighty God and your Loruships, I am as innocent as the child unborn of what is sworn against me, so help me God Almighty.

For the P

JAMES CHEESE sworn.

I am a servant to Captain French, I was at the house the night it was damaged; I went there about a quarter after ten and staid there till near eight the next morning.

Do you know the prisoner ? — Yes* I know him well, he is an apprentice to Mr. Leach.

Did you fee the bannisters of the flair-case destroyed ? — No, I did not go into the house till after they were destroyed.

Did you fee the prisoner there during any part of the night ?--I did not to the beil of rr.v knowledge.

W'i L LIA M 'HORN E

I am an apprentice to Mr. Martin, who was in partnership with Mr. French; 1 was lent to Mr. French's at about eight o'clock in the evening, 1 staid there till about six o'clock next morning.

Did you fee the prisoner there ? — I did not.

Were vou p re lent at the time the bannisters were broken down ? — I was not, 1 went up flairs about two in the morning, the bannisters were then broken down.

How long have you known the prisoner? — About a year and an half.

Were you backwards and forwards irt every part of the premises ? — I was to and fro in the house and garden twice.

Then if he had been there you tnuft have seen him ? — Yes, knowing him before, ,1 should have seen if he had becrl there: I did not fee him to my knowledge.

You were in the house twice ? — Yes.

Cross Examination.

How long was you in the house each time? — About a quarter of an hour each" time: I went up once from the kitchen

into the garret*

Was there not mischief done to the house whilst you was in the garden ? — There was.

Who that was done by you could not tell J — No.

Is the prifoper accustomed to wear a jacket and trowlers?- — It is a practice in the trade.

Did you fee any body at all do any particular mischief? — I did not.

Mr. THOMAS MARTIN sworn.

You are in partnership with Captain French ? — I was at that time.

Was you at the house at the time the bannisters were dellroying ? — I cannot say what time they were ddlroyed.

I was

I v/as there from a little after eight in the

c*

evening till six in the morn me; the principal matter I attended to was the ware-h on ft- and the works.

Did you observe any man in a Tailor's dress r — Between one and two in the morning, 1 had intelligence brought me, that the mob intended to go to the ware-house to deftrey it, and the house adjoining; I got tome few triends to attend with me, to endeavour to divert the mob from going to commit any depredations there, they had partly compleated their bufmcls at the house; there were fight or nine came out hallowing, and fa id, if 4,'je were true blue we might come along with them; we said, it was too late, we would join them the next morning; there was one who* came out of the house, 1 took notice, had a piece of a mahogany bed-post, or something like it, in his hand; from the best I could make out of his dress from the darkness in the morning, it appeared to me something like a waterman's jacket; indeed I did not pay much attention to the dress, for as loon as they had pafii d the warehouse I was satisfied.

Do you. recollect whether the prisoner is that man ? — I do not recollect ever seeing him to my knowledge, till I saw him at the justice's.

Croft Examination.

Your concern was about the warehouse, in which I presume you had an interest ? — I paid an attention to the house, I got people to take the books and part of the effects out of the house.

Mr. French had many bedsteads destroyed ? — He had.

Did you happed to attend to the colour of the man's hair ? — I did not.

Counsel for the Prisoner. A Tailor's dress is no uncommon dress in that part of the town ? — There were a great many soldiers and Tailors in the mob; the first man that committed the depredations was a soldier.

James christmass

You worked for Mr. French ? — Yes.

Was you employed that night upon the premises ? — Yes, the same as the rest < were; I went of my own head to aid and

assist my master; I went about eight in the evening, and staid till ten at night; then 1 went with Mr. Martin to the warehouse.

Mow long did you remaid at the warehouse ? — We returned altogether to the house with Mr. Martin, at, I believe, about half after one.

Do you know at what time the bannisters of the lfairs were broken ? — I do not know, the mob had been dispersed when I went.

Do you know the prisoner ? — Very well.

Had you known him before that time ? — Yes, I had known him very well two or three years.

Did you fee him there any part of the evening ? — I saw him standing upon the landing-place at the fore door, when 1 came in, with his hand to his bosom.

Do you mean without the home ? — Yes, without the house, he was looking on.

He was there then merely as a specta-for ? — I looked upon it such, I did not fee him in the house; he nodded to me, and I nodded to him again.

Counsel for the Crown. How was he tlreffed ? — In a jacket and trowsers.

Do you know what age he is? — I believe he is about twenty, or twenty-one the out-side.

Prisoner. I am between twenty-one and twenty-two years old.

MATHEW RYE sworn.

' Was you likewise a servant to Mr. French ? — Yes.

Was you in the house when the bannisters were destroying ? — No, 1 was not.

Do you know the prisoner? — I do.

And every servant belonging to Mr. French knows him ? — I believe they do.

You did not fee him there ?- — No, neither in the house, nor in the garden.

Did you fee him any where else ? — No.

Did you take much notice of the people who were in the house? — I saw a man between twelve and two breaking down the bannisters, he appeared to me to be taller than the prisoner.

How

---

---

Haw vtta h$ dressed ? — Ih a sailor's jacket, dirty trowsers, am! round hat, with a blue ribband on it.

>' Did you take particular notice of his person, what coloured hair had he Yes, he seemed to me to have darkifli hair, it appeared lb at that time of night.

If it had been the pril'oner should you have known him ? — -I think I certainly must have knov/n him; moreover, I fnw the perl'oii coine out into the yard with a bed-post belonging to Mr. French in his hand.

Court. Which way did he come out

of the house ? — Out at the hall door into the back garden; r

What had he in his hand ? — A port, belonging to a bed.

Was you along with Mr. Martin at the time you saw the man come out with the bed-post i — He was not present j I did not lee Mr. Martin then.

Cross Examination.

What was it o'clock ? — When I saw the person knocking down the bannisters, it was between twelve and two.

But cannot you be more precise to time than that?' — 1 believe it was about one. At about half an hour after two o'clock the flairs were down.

How long did you flay in the house before you saw that man ? — I look upon it, to be about two minutes; I had 2 lighted . candle in my hand. r.

What injury was done to the Hairs when you was in the house ? — They began upon the Hairs; the person that had the Hick in his hand, was making an attempt upon the Hairs.

You did not fee him do any. injury to the Hairs ? — Mo, only to the bannisters of the Hairs.

When yob first saw that man, was any part of them down ? — The greatest part were down When I fcrent into the house.

Court. Hour near might you be to the

Part I*

man that was beating down the bannisters? — I brushed his clothes in passing him.

And had you a candle in your hand ? — i I had.:

Did you know that man?- — I did not. J Did you fee his face ? — I did.

Aik! you are lure that man was not the prisonor at the bar ?--- lt was rot*

Were any people with him ? — Yes, more of the mob.

Then at that time there were fonie of the meb in the house ? — Yes, about twenty, I suppose.

How many were there out of doors ?-- Eight or ten in the back yard.

How many were in the front of the house ? — I cannot tell.

Were any more of those that Were in the house employed in destroying the ft&irs but this man ? — I did not fee any more.

Where were they then ? — Looking on; whether they belonged to the mob or no f cannot say.

JOHN TOOP sworn.

You are a servant to Captain Ffcfich ? — Yes.

You was at Mr. French's hdufe this night ? — Yes, I went there about Tiaff after eight; I was there till ten rtexfc morning, only leaving out a little time. 1 How was you principally employed J — -» In taking the things out of the back yard and preserving all I could. '

Did you fee the prisoner there ?*- — Nd. How long have you known him ?- Nine or ten months.

If you had seen him there, must you. not have known him? — I think I must.

Did you fee the bannisters destroyed No, when I left the house, the bannisters were all good; when I went into the house next morning, they were all deft royed.

Cross Examination.

You did not go into the house till neitf looming ? — No.

' £ !"‘ ' ' What

t 18 J

What time did you go in ? — -About two o'clock.

Yon was not in the house the intermediate time ? — I was not.

WILLIAM POPE sworn.

1 am a watchman.

Was you at Mr. 'French's ? — I was not in the house till Mr. French came in the morning, when all the n.ifchief had been doftc, and the rioters were yone. CHRISTOPHER PIKE

I am a malt mak;-r; I worked with the J>rifoner seven years; I served my time to his father.

Where was the prisoner that day the house was destroyed ? — He worked his full time in the yard; he did not leave his work till his labour was done; six o'clock is the hour, but he worked till seven.

What has been his general character ? - — That of a working lad; he has kept his time duly and truly; he always obliged his mailer so far as it was in his power.

Is he an apprentice now He is. JAMES GODDARD sworn.

What are you ? — A brewer: T bave known him between four and five years, I never heard any misbehaviour in him before this.

WILLIAM ABBOTT sworn.

I have known the prisoner these four years, he has a very good honest character, I never law any thing difhonefl of him in

my life.

What are you ? — A victualler.

You know.him by coming to your tioute, I presume ? — Yes, he always behaved well, rnd paid me very honestly. SAMUEL SHORT. sworn.

I am a baker: 1 have known him four or fve years;.I lived just by where he served his time; his character is very good; he is a worthy honell lad; I never beard the contrary.

JOHN COULTKOPE sworn.

I am a boat-builder: I have known the: prisoner about two years and an half; I never heard any thing amiss of him; I am well acquainted with his master; I lived within twenty yards of himj I never

heard him say any thing agiiaft the prisoner.

THOMAS ECKLEY

lam amaftiraker: 1 have Known hiul about seven years; I never heard any thing amiss of him; he was always a hard working lad and willing to do his mailer's

business.

JOHN COLE sworn.

I am a maftmaker; I have known him &x years and an half; he has a very good character; he is a hard working young fellow that would lerve his mailer by day or by night; I worked for his mailer with him, TYRREL CABLE sworn.

I am a maftmaker: I have known him pretty near seven years; he has a very good character; he is an honest, sober, industrious l.td, he always worked very hard; 1 never knew him loose any time at all hardly, except a day or two or so: I saw him the next morning after Mr. French's house was-de-stroyed, come into the yard at six o'clock to work as usual.

Does he live in the yard where he works ? — He lives just by the yard at his master's house. I saw him come down Hairs in his master's house, to the bell of my knowledge it was six o'clock.

Do you suppose he had been.at home all night ? — 1 should think so, or he could not come down (lairs in the morning.;

Crofs~J£raminatiott.

His master keeps maid ferva&ts in the house, docs he not? — He does.

Nor GUILTY.

CHARLES KING and-AMBROSE LANE, were indufted, for that they with 4.0 other perfoiis and more, did, unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously act'emhle, -on the 8th of June, to the disturbance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling-house 'Thomas Connolly, against the form of the statute.

MARGARET CONNOLLY I am the wife of Thomas Connoliy; we did live in Tooley-streeti our house was

attacked

[ 19 J

attacked on the 8th of June at near upon ii o'clock, in the morning. There was a c great mob came to the house; I have known Charles King a<great while; I was g-me up {tails, to lay down, a woman came up to me and to'd me the mob were coming; I dressed myself as quick as possibly I could, and came down stairs; the tuft person I saw come into the house was the prisoner Charles King; as I knew him particularly from any other person, I put my hand out and said, Lord, Charles King, what shall 1 do ? he said, never fear, mother or

Connelly, — No Popery. Then a man who was talking with him, shook a large rattle Which he had in his hand, upon which I inst.intly ran out at my back door.

Did you fee any thing more of the prisoner King ? — No more; I left the house directly, upon his saying no Popery; all the rest of the mob immediately rulhed in at the door; some ran into the bar, and fouic ran up stairs.

What injury did your house receive ? — They tore down the front of the house; they tore down a coal Ihed, and a place that we kept fowls in; they demoiished all the beer in the cellar, and all the liquor we had laid in but the day before.

Was there any thing done to the taproom? — T hey demolished every box, they have not left lo much as a piece Handing in it.

Where was your husband at this time? — He was very poorly and he was in bed.

Did you know King before ? — Yes; he is a waterman; he used to carry me over the water, sometimes three times a week. I made a point always to go with him, because be is a man 1 had known some time; if he saw me coming he never used to ask me if I was going, but he would go down directly and get his' boat ready.

From King. Did I not say to you, I I could give. my assistancer —

No; I aiked him, (as-I raid before) , Charles King, jfpbgt jbfiU I do ?: he jumped rather as rf he was going to dance j he said,

never fear, Jlfr;, Connelly, — No Popery, and that initant the man fv/ing the rattle.

' You are fore it was he that said ro Popery, and not any body behind him? — No; it was King said no Popery \upon which the

man behind him immediately set the rattle a going; that was a tall man in a blue great coat, and had a blue cockade in his hat.

Had any more of them cocnades: — Ai! that I saw come into the house had blur. cockade> in their hats.

Had King a cockade ? — I did not observe whether he had.

THOMAS CONNOLLY sworn.

I was up one pair of stairs when I heard the hurry in the street, I got up and dress-cd myself; before 1 could get my clothes, on, there were, I dare say, forty people iu my bed-room, am} the room which is on the fame floor. As soon as i had dressed myself, I came down stairs, and from the stairs I saw Charley King breaking in the panne's of the boxes in the tap-rootn with his foot.

Did you say any thing to him or he to you ? — No, i was afraid- to fav any thing to him, because there stood by him a tall man with a drawn sword in his hand; he said, never fear, jay lady, there is nobody dare oppose you whil/l 1 am your captain.

How many persons do you think might be then in the tap-room ? — Several men, the main body were up stairs.

How were the persons employed in the tap-room ? — Breaking the baxes and i'plitting up the tables.

Were the tables fastened to the ground ? — No, they were not.

You did not stay long, did you? — From my first coming down tiii I quitted the house, did not exceed eight or ten minutes.

You knew the prisoner King ? * — Yes, many years; I never knew any harm of him, and never heard any bad character of him before this fatal'affair.

You are certain to his person ? — I ain.

What did they do when they went up flairs,? .--They looked at my books; one of them said, they found nothing but what

was

L 20 j

uas very^ and a-rat they waned to fee-,

then a lad lilted up a stick, and broke a gluts', and then (wept, the china oft the mantle-piece: after 1 quitted the house i went over to a cufb.mer's, where 1 {raid all night; >v»'hen i c:une home next morning the wnoie front of the house and the back, part were Ipulled down; it was a wooden house and ttafily demolished.

King.I went into the house and called for -a pint of beer; seeing the mob come in, I tuined round and directly came out of the house.

( Jane Grice was caUed, but net appearings the Court it dered her tfl be

ej Ireated.)

JOHN JEWELL

I am a victualler; I keep the Black-Horse in Maze-Pond. '

Wa-> you in Tooley-street on the Sth of June lait, when the mob were at Mr. Connolly's house r — I was there about three; wo were collecting some of the neighbours in a body, to go and oppose the mob. I v/ent down to Connolly's, that! might be able to form some idea of the numbers of the mob; i looked at them five or six minutes: I saw Ambrofc Lane on the upper part of the ruins which had been thrown from the house. The mob were before the door; the street was covered with feathers and with the materials belonging to the front of the house; Ambrose Lane was upon the upper part of the ruins, with a tdue ribband round his hat, and huzzaing among the mob.

What was he doing He seemed to' be encouraging some boys wrho were then in the front or the house, who appeared to be tearing down the front. " '

Dcicnbu again what he did or said ?--- He was in a very active situatioti; sometimes he would be {looping," then looking up to the- people; a coach was coming by at chat time; 1 saw as much as I wanted to fee; I was a good 'leal fluttered; 1 took the opportunity to pals with the coach. The ir.ub {topped thr coach, and said, D — n your tye», no popery. One of them handed a pail into the coach, with some beer in it; then 1 went away: they

gave toe a pickling jar. While the coach {topped, I turned lound and looked at him, fori knew Film perfect] y well, arid I did not \yifh lie should fee me; I thought that might not be so agreeable.

What had he in his hand ? — I think a bludgeon.

Lid you know him before ? — I did.

What numbers of the mob were then round Mr. Connolly's house t the greatest part of them did not seem' so very active: 1 told the neighbours when 1 came back, that I thought twenty people might have opposed them and kept them out of the street

And you say at that time the greatest: part of Mr. Connolly's house was destroyed I — Yes, it was.

And Lane wras upon the min? ? — - Yes j and particularly active.

Lane*

[77; f feesnd part of these proceedings will be published in a day;.]

Tluere are a few Copies of these Trials printed on large fine Paper. Price One Shilling.

The THIRD PART oF the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Rioters. TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND, By >. GURNEY-Ispubhjbtd thit Dajt Price Sixpence.

THE

PROCEEDI NGS

O THE

KING'S Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Sorry,

H E L D A X

St.-. MA.R C A R F. T 'S - H I L

On Monday the icth.of July, 1780,' and the following Days;

BEFORE

The Right Hon. ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH,. Chief justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOULD, Knight* one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The H®n. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer;

t

AND

The IIoh. FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices'of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

Taken in SHORT-.HAND (with Permillion of the Court)

By JOSEPH G . U R N E Y,

Short-Hand-Writer at the SessioA in the Old Bailey.

PART Ik

LONDON:

Printed k JOSEPH GURNEY, And Sold by M. GURNEY, No. 34, near

M-occa.xxx.

[PRICE SIX PENCE.!

THE

P R O C E E D I N G S

ON THE

' r

KING *s Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry, &c.

T JNE. He clnnot fwetfr pontively to *-' seeing me in any riot, for Mrs. Connolly. herlelf came and treated me with two pots of beer on Saturday, and said ihe never saw me in the house.

Are you sure to Lace's person ? — I am positive to him; I knew him perfc&ly well.

What time of the day was it? — -I fancy about three or four o'clock j I believe it was about an hour before the gentlemen first met at the Three Tuns.

KING'S DEFENCE.

I went into Mr. Connolly's house, there were ri. or fou there before me, I said, how do you do, Mrs. Connolly ?" " O dear," (fays file), King, you are come to be my enemy." 1 said, " No, if I can be of any service to you I willfeeing the mob coming in upon my back, I went out of the house immediately, and I am innocent I do declare to the just God.

For King.

ISAAC ADAMS sworn.

I have known King upwards of twenty, years; I always Jcnew him to be a hard working labouring person; i have employed him these twenty-two years, at times, and have at times entrusted him with great charge, to the value of thou*-lands at a time of the king's and merchants property, and I never found a deficiency of any thing.

THOMAS SLATER sworn.

I have known King fourteen years; I always knew him to be an honest hard working man.

STEPHEN NORRINGTON sworn.

I have known him fourteen or fifteen years; lje is a hard working, pains taking, quiet, honest fellow; he has worked for me about Even years.

JAMES BISHOP sworn.

I have known King fifteen years; I always knew him to be a very sober honest' fellow, and one who worked very hard. LANE'S DEFENCE.

On the 7th of June, I was discharged from a man of war, as unfervicable; I came home to Mrs. Garnes's house, as I-always ufeit; I had a black ribband round my hat; we went to get a pot of beer; a shipmatc said, " pull out: your black ribband and put on a blue one or you will be abused at Stoney-Lane a man came up to me, and said, " pull your black, ribbands out of your hats or you will be murderedaccordingly we did, and bought a blue one at the corner of Vine-' gar-Yard; they said all the gaols were burnt down, I said, that it did not signify, (I wpn't tell a word ofa lie, my lord) we went and got a girl piece, apd after that, my shipmate and I went and laid down upon the bed till we had some veal for

dinner;

I 23 3

dinneV; then the woman said, <* what do you think) Lane? Mother Connoliy's house, is burnt down?*' I said, <l I cannot help that, what have I to do with that ? I have not been near the house,' I have my discharge, here it is, dated the 7th of June, from the Admiralty; I shewed it to the justice, he tore it at the end, he-would not hear any reason.; ,:

ForL MARY GARNES fujorn.

The prisoner came t» my house, which is the Queen'-s-Head upon Green-Bank in the morning he brought some mackarel for break fast ;that was, to the best of my knowledge, the day before Mrs. Connolly's house was burnt down, but 1 cannot be certain of that; he dined off a shoulder of veal, and staid in my house, he and his shipmate were drunk; they were Tinging and making a great nbife; a neighbour came in and desired we would pull down our windows, for as the mob were bringing Mrs. Connolly's goods by to burn them they might think our house was a bad house, and they might pull that down: I told the Tailors that if they chose to ling the y should £0 into the yard; they immediately went into the (kittle-ground and played at (kittles till near 4 o'clock; after that Lane said, he would go out and fee they he'd been doing of > he went out aivd might be gone 10 minutes, or a quarter of an hour; then he came back again; he was not out of my house longer than that.

Did you say he came there the day before ? — I think it was the fame day.

Was -it the fame day that lie came to your house in the morning that the mob were carrying by.ConnollyVfurniture ? — No; the next day, to the beftidf my knowledge; he break failed on mackarel, and staid there-and Tung' and rallied; he; was much in li-. quor; I advised him to lay down; his ship-mate and him did lay down*

Did they ftayoll night at your house ?- — . No; they went away with two young wo-, men they brought with them to the Chrii-10 p her inn> as I under flood.

Did he come to your house the day that

Connolly's house was pulled dcwii? — Me was at our house both days.

Cross- Exami

Did not you say he came in the morning with mackarel ? — Yes.

And then his shipmate began to sing

- — Yes. . '

That was the first day then ? — No; I beg pardon, it was the day after.

How long did he stay the day he came ? Till the evening.

He dined there then, did he ?--He did that day that Connolly's house was pulled down; he breakfasted that day upon mack-arcl, and dined upon a shoulder of veal*.

What time did you dine ? — About one; he got up off the bed about half past twelve, the fhopmate and he then came down.

How loon after dinner was it that your neighbours mentioned Connolly's house ? — Mr. Kennet came in and said that it was after dinner, it might be about one or half past one; they staid backwards as near as I can guc-fs till about four o'clock.

Did vou lee Mr. Connolly's house that day.? — No, I did not go out of my own house except just to the top oi the bank for a few minutes.

Did the mob pull any other house down but that? — They pulled down the Bull, in Maze Pond, as I heard.

Were any other goods burnt besides Connolly's ? — I don't know, Connolly's goods were burnt at the top of the bank oppoiite. the stairs which lead to our house.

Court. Yqu said Lane went away and said he woukl fee what they were doing at Connolly's. — He did, he came back again, in about ten minutes, and then said, thef had ma.de rare havoc k, then he fat down and staid till I believe near eight in the evening.

How far is your house from Connolly'.-,? — It is 'not a great way, it is jull up the top of our ftrcec, and about-the middle of Tooleyftrect.

Lane. r(t is about two minutes walk.

: Did he jtay the evening when he came

back

r m ]

hack ? — No, he went away about tight 6'clock.

Lane. Then I went to bed at my lodgings, my girl and i came to this woman's house in the mbrning to break fast.

When did you fee him again r — The next morning at breakfast time.

HoW long did he ftavat your Hodfethat day? — 1 cannot tell cxadlly, the next day lie dined with tis. ' ': 1

Lane. We went next day to the sick dnd Wounded office, and got onr tickets, it is marked here upon the corner of the ticket, "pay from the ift of April to the yih of June," that is the time i was paid for one ship.

JOHN BRAZELL Are you acquainted with Lane? — I came in a Sheerness boat with him. '

On what day? — i cannot tell. ' ' Pri/eher. We came upon Wednesday, and were eight hours on the run.

Brazell. We were dilcUlrged cm the 7th of June, we came down in a Shcerncft boat the next day.

What time did you get into the Sheerness boat ? — I can't tell things pofirively if I Was to be a Iked a hundred times, X Was so mad-brain'd,after receiving nineteen guineas and an half; I gave Lane the caffi,-and there Wt kept raking it with dUr girls and durielves. -

Cannot you fecoHc& the dny you left beer nek ? — We were paid the 7th of June,. I left it the day after, which was the 8th of Juney 1 can remember the day of the month, but not the day of the week.

YoU think it Was the 8th'day you came up?- — I Was discharged the 7th of June, we came up the next day, that muff be the Srh.

Look at your discharge. — Here it is, I loft the uffe of my fingers in the main tops in firing a gun, and so got discharged, the discharge is dated the 7 th Of June, — And the next day you left Sheerfids ?--- Yes,' the day after, the 8th of June. < What time did you get to London ? — Scmkfitsu: in the afternoon, but I can't

tell whatday it was* < be positive to thfe

hour, hjt 1 have never tfken. ac^oiiht of hours ftnee I jcameupi Where- did you go when you came to London We* did not go to Irongate^ wt hired a beat,- but I don't know at whac

stairs*- '.1.

What was, the house you first caijic to

— A beer house, for I know they sold beer there.

Where waS it ?->4-I-ckn'ti fell, 1 don't know the place, , I have loft myself sundry times since. 1 have been here.'.

What time of day was it that you came to that house r — I can't tell wjthaut telling all the tale: T had a bottld of gin^ and drank of that, and was half drunk when I came there.

What did you drink at that ftotife ? — A pot of beer, I am most certain.-

Had you any victuals at that house ? — -No

Where did you go next after you had drank your pot of beer We came up to Mrs. Game's, and delivered the money :t> her so take care of, to the best of my recollection.

What had you there Some victuals of feme fort or other I suppose.

Can you recoiled what it was ?r — No, I can recoiled nothing, I have been out of the way ever since, X had tWehty-six guineas, I did not care how the world went, so long as that lasted.;

Haa you breakfasts and dinriers? — We have had breakfasts and- dinners ffotJry times at her house.:

How long did you stay in her hoiufe — I have been at her.house ever since.

How long did you stay there' that day ? — I cannot tell, faith, but I know that was. the day mother Connolly's house was destroyed; a servant maid came and told us of.it. '

How much of your money , have yon left ? — Very litcle^ for I am going to ship myfelfagain. ... ../

- What company tfras there in Game's house besides Lane arid you?-We had

ur

T)lgftizedT)y

our girls with us to be sure, and we treated them with gin, and we had coaches and things.

You did not do that the fame day, did you ? — No, but one dayafteranorherwedid.

I want to know what you did the tuft day you came to Mrs. Garns's ? — 1 got drunk I believe.

Wa,s it in the morning or the evening you got there? — In the evening, we left Sheerness in the morning, and got there in the evening.

Was you ten hours coming from Sheerness ? — I believe, eight or ten hours, I will not swear to an hour.

Did you hear any thing of Connolly's house being pulled down ? — Yes.

At what time of day was that? — At about twelve o'clock I believe.

What day was that ? — I never saw the house; I don't know where the foundation of it is; I never took notice of it j they said Connolly's house was pulling down. Lane said, the devil care for me; I was deeping with my arm round his back* we got up, Mrs. Gams said, what business had you to get up so loon ? you was drunk when you lay down and dinner is not ready; then he and I went and played at fkicides til! dinner was ready, and we played at skittles afterwards, and made the girls play at skittles.

Did Lane go out of your company ? — Never, to the best of my knowledge he never was frorrl my company that day.

What, did he stay in Mrs. Garns's house all the time ? — Yes, till four in the evening he nor I would not go a foot from one another.

Did he go any where at four in the evening ? — I believe he went up to Mr. Morgan's house,. which is the fellowship porter In Earnaby-street afterwards, I think I was up there with him.

Did you go with him ? — He and I were never asunder.

He never separated from you during the whole of that day ? — -No, nor never since j Part II.

I never saw the ruins of any thing bu* the

old watch-house.

And you are sure he was never there without you ? — No, I don't think it, he could not leave me from the bed while my hand was over his shoulder.

When they said Connolly's house was burnt, he did not lay that he would go and fee what they were doing to it ? — No, he said, when they told him of it, " I don't care nothing about it."*

Did you fee the furniture bringing past Mrs. Garns's window ? — No, I never looked after any such thing, I was looking after a pot of beer.

Did you hear the neighbours say nothing about it ? — They might talk about it, but I did not attend to it.

Did Mrs. Garns bid you and the girls go into the back part of the house* that you might not make a noise ? — I was jumping andfinging longs, and one thing or another; Hie said " don't make a noise, the mob arc out, and they may come and tear my house down or abufeme:" lhe said, " for God's fake go into the back yard, and then you may do as you will."

You don't know what time you went away from Mrs. Garns's that evening ? — About four o'clock I believe.

Did you all go away about four o'clock ? . — I think wc went away about four that evening.

Did you come there again that night I cannot be certain, I think we came to Mr. Morgan's, but a man cannot be certain when he is drinking, sometimes I do a thing over night which I cannot remem- her in the morning.

Where did you lie that night ? — I think at the Christopher Inn.

Did Lane deep there too ? — Yes, he had his girl and I had m'ne.

Then you can't tell where you went to that night? — (_) the Lord knows, I-don't know where I went to.

Where did you get your blue ribbands ? — When we were coming uito Tooley G street

f f

street a parcel of the mob laid hold of us, and /'aid, " you will be cut all to pieces if you don't put a blue ribband in your hat;" X said to Lane, you had better go and buy iome; with that he bought six yards, he cut it in two, he tied half about my hat and half about his.

And he never went *with the mob at all ? — No, we had other business to do than to go with them.

But when he was told they were dc-stroying Connolly's house, he said, what is that to me ? — -Yes, " what is that to me, I don't care nothing about it." SUSANNA HOLDCROFT sworn.

' I have lived with Mrs. Gams about a quarter of a year.

Do you remember Lane and any other man coming to her house ? — Yes, very Well.

What day was it ? — >-1 believe, the day before Mr. Connolly's houl'e was pulled down.

You don't live a great way from Mr. Connolly's ? — -Not a great way.

You remember the day Ills house was destroyed ? — Yes.

Rccolledt yourself whether these men came the day before that day or on that day ? — The day before.

What reason have you for thinking it was the day before ? — They were there the day before, and went away towards six o'clock at night.

When did they come back again ? ---1 cannot remember.

Who are they ? — One Ambrose Lane, and one John Brazell.

Any body else I cannot recollect any.

Was there any woman with them ? — Yes; there was one woman with them.

Were not there two ? — I cannot recoiled more than one; there might be more, but I am not certain; one I had seen about there several times.

They came to your miftreiles's house the day before Connolly's house was pulled down, and staid till six o'clock ? — Yes.

What time did they come, noon or morning ? — I cannot tcilj I mull speak the

truth, and nothing but truth; 1 cannot be positive to that.

How long did they flay ? — I cannot tell, I saw them there.

You say they staid till six ? — They did ftav till about fix.

Cannot you tell when they came ? — I cannot.

Had they any victuals ? — They had drink; I cannot tell whether they had any victuals.

When did they come again ? — The next day; they came and breakfasted upon some niackarel at our house.

Did they go away after breakfast ? — No, they were not out of the house from eleven o'clock till four.

Did they dine there ? — Yes.

What had they for dinner ? — I fancy a ihoulder of veal.

Did you dress it for them r — My mistress did, not I.

Were they alone there, or had they any women with them ? — I cannot be positive whether they had or not.

So they breakfasted and dined there, and

staid till four o'clock ?--- I fancy it was

about four o'clock.

Did you hear any thing said about Connolly's house whilst they were there ? — A person came into our house and said they were pulling down Mrs. Connolly's house-Ambrose Lane said, " I cannot help tiiac it it nothing to me, we have nothing to do irr it."

What time did that person come in ? — I cannot tell.

Was It after their dinner ? — I think it was rather after dinner.

Did they do any thing upon that ? — No, they fat still a considerable time; they were jumping backwards and forwards in the house; -one of the neighbours came up to the window and said, " Mrs. Garns, you " had better fend tliefc men backwards for "fear of the rioters;" then they walked into the lkictle-ground, and staid there a great while.

But you lay after they heard of Connolly's^ house being pulling down they remained in

[ 27 ]

the tap-rosm ? — Yes; when my mistress desired them to walk backwards into the ikitile-ground, they did not speak another word, but walked backwards directiv.

Did they continue long in the fkittle-ground ? — Yes, Tome time.

You say-they went away about 4 o'clock ? — I fancy it was near 4 o'clock.

Did they both go away together, or did Lane go by himfilf? — Both wc-nt away together; they always went together while they were at our house, and always came in together.

T.'icy always went out and come together to your house ? — Yes.

How far is Mrs. Garns's house from Con-noiiy's? — I cannot juitly say.

Had vou heard nothing about the pulling down of Connolly's house before this time ? — Yes; but these men were ail cep upon the bed, at least, they were upon the bed up two-pair of stairs; that was before dinner; they were intoxicated with liquor.

Had they both got blue ribbands ? — Neither of them had then as I know of.

When did you fee them afterwards with blue ribbands I cannot fav that I saw them with blue ribbands at all.

And you do not recollect whether there were any women with them or not ? — I cannot say.

Do you think if there had been two girls with them, that you should have taken any notice of it ? — I should not.

Should not you have seen them in the house ? — I should; but not to have taken any notice of them.

Were there any people in your house at this time but Lane and the other seaman ? — I cannot he certain whether there were or not, for there are people coming backwards and forwards all day long.

Have you no recollection of Dane's saying " he would go and fee what was doing " at Connolly's?" — That was after four o'clock; he said " we will go and fee what " they have been doing if you will he came back in ten minutes j he clasp'd his hands together in this manner (describing

ir) and said, Lord, what wort they have

"made!"

To whom did he say that ? — To John Brazcll; they both came together.

What said Brazell about it when they came back ? — He said, " they had made " terrible work," or something to that purport.

This was about 4 o'clock ? — Yes.

And this is all you know of the matter ? Yes.

Do you live with Mrs. Cams still ? — -No; I have left her a week to-dav. ELIZABETH INNOTT

What do you know of the prisoner Lane? — I know nothing of the man's character; 1 am an opposite neighbour to Mrs. Garns; I saw him go by in the morning between ten and eleven with some mackarel upon a string.

What morning ? — Not expecting a thing of this kind to happen, I did not take notice of the day of the month j my business keeps me much at home.

But do you remember the mob ? — Yes; and that there was a great piece of work at several places. After Connolly's house was pulled down, they threatened to come to the corner of the bank whete we live; I saw Lane come down with fume mackarel upon a string, and to the best of my knowledge, he was there from that time till Mr. Connolly's house was destroyed.

You was not in Garns's house, was you ? — No; but 1 was opposite; I was so much terrified that I was at the door almost all the time in expectation they would come down our way, because they had threatened hard to come.

You don't know what day it was ? — No, not expecting to be called, i do not, but I am sure it was the fame day that Connolly's house was destroyed. Lane and another man were singing; a neighbour said to me, uAirs. Innot, 1 with Mrs. Garns would " make them cease that noise, for if the 41 mob should come they would impute her " house to be served like the rest." I went over to Mrs, Garns's; they ceased the noise;

[ i3 ]

1 heard Lane lay, "Mrs. G<rn«, what " have you got for dinner ?" fhc fuid " nothing, what wiil you have;" he said, 5‘ veal." I law her go out and bring the veal; fhc had a iump of butter upon it, it rather vexed me, as I fold butter, that she did not buy it of me; they font the veal to be baked. I was in the hnule when it came home, and they aikcd me to eat some of it.

You was in your own house the rest of the time ? — I was at my own door, or in my ihop, which directly faced their windows; as 1 expected the mob to come down every minute, I did very little that day but watched the place.

Did you fee them go away from Mrs. Garns's house ? — Yes, I did fee them go away in the afternoon; it might be between three and four o'clock, or rather turned of four, Lane and that tailor, but their stay was very short; they carjie back again together.

How long might they remain in Mrs. Garns's house ? — They might remain there an hour or two; I heard no disturbance. afterwards, except, that one of the head of the mob, I think his name is Smith, /that pulled down the Bell, the corner house; I saw him come to Mrs. Garns's house, I was afraid he was coming to destroy the house; I went in to Mrs. Garns's, I saw Lane there then, that might be about six or seven o'clock; that man Brazell, laid, " Ambrofc, come a-Jong with us, w*e are going to have some more fun;" Lane replied, " no, I am black-guard enough, you shall not catch me among the rioters."

Court. Repeat that again?! — I went into the house, suspecting the mob were coming to destroy Mrs. Garns's house, for they had threatened it; these men were there, Brazell laid, " Ambrofc, will you go with us ? we have more fun in hand," or something to that purport; " no, (said he) I am black-guard enough, but you shan't catch me in none of the riotings." MARTHA WILSON sworn.

I was at Mrs. Ini.ot's house all the day that Mr. Connolly's house. was pulled

down; I saw Lane Tinging the re all the day.

Where do you live? — Just by.

You was not in Mrs. Garris's house yourself? — No, but I was opposite the window.

What time did they go away ? — About six in the evening; Brazell came to him, and said, " come, Ambrose, we have got some fine fun, come along ;" Lane said, " he was black-guard enough but he would " not be in no riot."

ELIZABETH ARMSTRONG sworn.

I saw this man at Mrs. Garns's house, the while Connolly's hove was pulling down and the mob were burning of the ruins; I live opposite Mrs. Garns's house.

Did you fee Lane when he went towards Connolly's house ? — I did not indeed

Was you in Mrs. Garns's houft? — No, I was not, t know no more of it than only seeing him in the house.

Prisoner. I would not wish to hinder your Lordship's time, or I could call twenty witnesses; I would not wish to give the court so much trouble.

Court. It is no trouble to the court or jury, call as many witnesses as will do you good.

Prisoner. I would not wish for any other.

FRANCES FOOTE

I saw the prisoner handing at Mrs. Garns's house with Brazell and turn girls, at the time. Mr. Connolly's house wraa pulling down.

How long do you think you observed him there? — For a considerable time; they were at the house, 1 believe, the whole day till about six o'clock; when they went out they did not make any stay, but fot n came back again.

Did Brazell go with him? — I think they both went through the passage together, that is all I know; I saw them there, and the man is as innocent of what he is charged with as I am.

PHILLIP MORGAN

What do you know of Lane ? — I don't

know

r '»9 J

.. »- i r . ;« r*iv fioufc several time?, and a:W2}*5 know any thin? of thrfc rrotous affairs, I ir> *7 ,if u.Pi|

saw him that morrm:; Connelly's home ha/cd A D 4 MS

was puibd eDwn, and I f:tw the mob ty onefc or twice, but I xiid not fee hi>n in it; f have known him foine years.

Whers'd.V you live r — } keep tin Fel-' lov.'fnrp 'Porter, a public house in Bet-'nwiidf.-y-ttrect. f<

You fa< l, you had kno'Wir him tome time?' — ‘-About ikefe fix: years.:

What is h'.S ohanuffer ?-A-I have heard nobody fpfp.lt iihyi thin of rtf his'‘character o?h-r "Hhi, honesty; he was a ticket porter on the low's tiil he went to lea; he has been

was

ADAMS

The prisoner. Lane's father, -rnv'lterr*earrrnf! and ticket porter; uC h-m in drivir^ n >ods feu nir*

to employ: nhd landiV? 'them at th

o i

: k.V

..i.

prisoner ufecl to tv "driving cares arid heard any harm by him.

and landing

under his

gocm

and th" father in , i never

K.NG, Guilty (CrrHh) LaNE not Guilty.

; W E D 11 E S D A Y, the 12th July.

, The f J ' U. . R y.

John Bath, of Croydon, Yeoman. Thomas Wenham, of Yeoman.

John Frank', of Dorking, Shopkeeper. Michael Frith, of , Farmer.

Wrlliatn Bud gen, of Croydon ,\V at eh mi kcr. Benjamin Planner, of Yeoman.

Idiomas Watney, of JVimht'don, Yeoman,. F'rarcis O.idcs, of Baker.

"Richard Smith the younger, of Sir.tLinr, John Burt, of litigate, TInner.

Baker. ' ~ Blackwell Richard EatHan.dk of Mitcham*-.

Ilenfy Rose. of Godfonr, Carpenter*. Carpenter.

THOMAS MURRAY-, EDWARD the 8th of June, at rather turned of one DORl.MAN , HENRY WADHAM, o'clock at noon, Mr. Premary's house was MARY COOKE, fpmfter, SUSANNA attacked by a large body of people.

HOWARD, fp niler, SAMUEL LE- Was you present when they came up to MAN, WILLIAM SIMPSON, and the houR r — I was.

JOHN HYDE, were indicted, for that Give an account of what they were do-they, together with forty other persons and ing, and then particularize any of the pri-morei did, unlawfully,- riotously, and feners that you obfer-ved armmgft them — tu.nultuously assemble, on the 8th of Junej The mob came to the house; seeing a parcel to the didurbance of the pu blic peace, and of people going into the houte, I went in did begin to demolish and pull down the amongil them, and delired them "to desist dwelling-house of Paul Premary, againfE 44 from what they were about, for Mr. Pre — the stattufc. mary was a poor old man that could not

RICHARD MANSFIELD sworn. w speak plain English.F There was nomiil — lam a tinplate-worker, and live in Kent- chief done just then, street, fronting-the house of Paul Premary. Was any thing said f — They said the Are you-a house-keeper? — I cannot say house to come doion, that 1 pav to the poor,. On Wednesday What slice! had your perswasions upon gA"U- li them I

Good

t 3° 1

thqn ?. — Some werew.iMi.ng to go, others not; and then they began to beat down and ware d.'stroying the thing - / I ft aid there till I was afraid to ft ay any longer; then I went out; i feppose 1 Itaid in the house in all four or five minutes; in that time the mob broke . out Tome of the windows, and some of the fasti frames.

Had you an opportunity of observing any persons there that you knew ? Look at tty; prisoners. — I am very forty to look at them )i saw theic* the two women, Edward Doreinan, Thomas Murray, and Henry Wadham., - r

Lid you know the women before that time ? — Yes, the name of the further one rs Mary (jookey the other is Susannah Howard or Cow ard.

Did you know, the men before ? — Yes, for years,

Did you observe during the time you ftaia in the house any thing done by either1' of those prisoners vou have mentioned ? —; T saw all yrole five, throwing down pieces of wood -that 'were broke out of the windows, they were sometimes in the house, and sometimes out of the house.

Do you recollect any thing in particular done by the women ?- — I hmember their breaking the boxes and settles and throwing -them but, they knocked them one asainst another and broke them, and then

cj 9

threw them out,

Were those persons you Tpoke of in th<? house at the time you first went ? — No, they came in afterwards while I was talking to feme other people.

What do you mean by the settles ? — The backs of the feats that part one box from another, they are called the fixtures of a public house. j-

HoW long did the mob continue in this hdufc before they left'it ? — -1 look upon it

about half an hour, , i

Wis you near enough to observe wfia^ Wavdone all the time? — I eroded from Mr, Premhry's to ‘my own door, and law the o. ichici that was doing.

Was you near enough to observe anyx thing oi the ether PrifbiKr* Noi\W

; know them, -thece. ase' many^r^gers thpt 1 law there that I should know by fight, though I do «ottknow their names.

Look at the Prisoners; did you fee either of the rest of them there L-j-X, did not. f How wad tfcf house when the mob left -ft? — -I bclityealithat.was left was broke and (ieftroyed1 hope these people will no? be charged, with'rpbbfng y.r. Premary of all his property, iof he had taken out several cart Ipads ofgopdsj I have heard that the the prr,feeptors say, ther were robbed -of all their property, -and that is very wrong, when I. saw fcav.C lords of j^oods were removed; — after th-S the inhabitancy role, and went to drive the mob away, and then Cooke was very active to alfift the people in saving what had been thrown out.

long.was,it before the inhabitants Tofe ? — -They came down in a body about two o'clock, about an hour after the mob had' dorre the'tnifchief, or it might be rather more; Cooke was then at the door, taking up the things that lay in the street, and throwing them into the house, andti great many other.people were throwing the things that were broke into the houseagain.

After the inhabitants came in a body, file fieemed employed in saving the goods ( — Yes, throwing them into the house.

Howard* Whether yovr saw me touch or meddle with any thing ?" — I saw her in the house along with the rest, and 1 saw her throw boards out, but J cannot say that I can make any point of seeing her break any thing.

i Murray. Did you fee me do any. thing? — 1 diT, he was breaking and throwing things out. ... ,:

Murray.' What did you fee rttefto,?*- — I wish fie hai}*,no$ asked that question,' Jb few him break some p?uv$s of gfefe while,he? vyas in the house, and X saw, him freaking-and destroying the settles and jboixes, .»

IVdilhr'ra.Whether he saw me touch; any thing (belonging to',the, hqpfe, for I Was only- drinking in the.hopfe ?-xzlJbw hirp throwing ;feveru| pieces of wood OMt‘r of the . fiottic ;. I saw hrru . jUko, % ft»&ar ciantftcri *ook a k % hdfv*l of fugaft

out.

e-

I

t >3»

«\it, and threw it up- into Ync airy and it fill down among a parcel of children. Was he there when you went in ?*«-Yes, the girls and he had feme {leaks or something of that kind dressing.

Were they together? — -I believe they were not in company together, they were in the fame box; I saw him and the two ‘ women in the house before the mob broke ( in, but then they were very quiet

; You. say you have known them for . years j what age is that boy Murray ? — I j^ckon seventeen or eighteen, t Mur:;-. < I m quite fourteen.

How long have you JCiloWli hun. — -1 »ir.' say ten years or more.

r t Do y°u think hc 19 moreth?rt

fifteen?* — ion\yfpe*'< byguefsj.his lather ulcJ to ten rntngs about, and I rc-tnemher him from a child.

Did he live with his parents ? — Ko, hc has been to fca, as I have heard him lay; his father fells greens and things about upon an afs.

JOSEPH WHITE sworn.

I keep a deal-yard in Keat-street; I live over against the prolocutor.

Was you there when the mob came upon the 8th of June ? — »Yc?, it was just turned of one o'clock when they came.

Did you observe what the tnob did? — They broke the tap-room windows and pulled down the partition of the barroom } they pulled down the settles and feats, and threw the bedsteads and drawers and all that was in the house out at the windows. ' ‘

Look at the prisoners at the bar, and fav, whether you saw any. jlnd which ct them with the tnob ?-' — I have known them all fornl years except Shfenna. Howard I do not know that I saw her there;

I did noHchowhef. 1 ~ '

What did you fee Maty* Cooke do ? — I saw her afltil a young man in furling down the partition between the bat and‘the tarp-j room } that ihan isr not takeli, Kef looked like a- country: mart i hlsf hiiad was evil, and he h id a handkc'rchie'f hbotitit; I like-, wife fajv her help to pull down the settles i

J- afterwards faW her up stairs Shifting them in throwing things out at the wiu-. idow, particularly some drawers; I did not fee her do any thing elf?.

Dow long was she in the house? — -I suppose half an hour; I saw Thomas Murray go into the house, hc was followed by William French, who is not yet taken they Vete t>vo of the firtt that entered the house; Murray haJ a bludgeon in his hand; hi and French had full blow H piece at the tap-room window-,

then they went up Hairs the first fiiry, they broke the glass of the windows there*; then they went up into the garret and did the feme there; French and lie camed#wr flairs into the street: I *"'J- T'

d-r . - — -u rrench fu;Y

« w nimy an old deg, be hat fun of our being put into

Of wlioin d;J hc fey that?, — Of pre.-.nr.ary; Murray feid, rf — m,

uillGO IT and puli if ail down j then they

went into the house and went to work^ and knocked and dellroyed as fell as idiey could; and they threw the goods ©ut kith the street; then they went again uj> into, the one pair of Hairs room, and } saw.Murray help to throw out the bedsteads and drawers; indeed they threw out every thing that was in the room; tjion they went up int# the garret and served it the fame.

Are you speaking of Murray ? — ?Yes. <» How long was Murray in the house ?~* Moll part of an hour; they were in the house till the parish hpufe-keepers rose and

drove them away.

What number flight, the meb confilt of when Murray v/as destroying the thirty ? - — Upwards of an hundred.:

Did you fee Doreman do any thing ? — d J saw hint in the house with a bludgeon, with which he was. knocking thu.gs intui pieces and throwing thorn out of th<i house; X few him first run his stick thro*-the yindov/s, in the,back room; ,then,.he. was breaking the faihys./anft throwing the ? furniture out at the window; alter: that*/

I few him go up the fell story into; the*

bed-chamfer, and alfift them that weru. there in breaking the things to pieces;

then

f 52 j

then T f*w him go up' ini.* she upper men, his hand; he came Punning down flairs 1h ore they wore obliged to knock out the with the hatchet in hit hand aa I pumped bar in the window before they could get in at the Window-; Lhwfda Hammering the things cut j there they threw out some -backwards arid run there dip'dtly. drawers and a bedil ad; 1 did not be aim Did you lee any out fife backwards bc-«o any thing more. ' 1 side*. Hyde — i did not. - -

How Jong wi-. he in the house ? — They J/y l\ Are you fu re you saw me come all came into the home ami went away to- ' down Itairs with a hatclrctin mvbanrf ? — gether; 1 law Doreman afterwards light-Yes, I am. ::

ing with a man in the street hecauie lie Mia my. Whethcf you was up starr3 would not help to destroy the house'as when you say you saw me there ?- -No, I well as4 them. 'v flood in the street oppofire thehhufe; the

-Wncre did you Handy or how was you real'cn 1 could fee into the house was, they situated to enable you to be this? — ;I had knocked the front out so as to make a flood upon the pavement on the opposite road through it.

£jc the street over against the house. 1 Did not vou fee me- dr'nk-

fec into the back room ? — ing in the house before the riot began; nr!hf> bontof the house out. when it did begin I paid for m'y liquor and Wad ham? — Yes, 1 law went sW.'y f — 1^3, the first time 1 law him iiim go "into the house and come out with 'was when he had the poker in his hand; jt ' a poker in his hand; he- laid on the win- was rather a smallish one; he laid on the dows with a poker, back and fore hand windows till the poker was bent aln.oft dois-tiil he had broken every pane of glass and blc. Wp knocked Hyde down in the street,

- beat thefafhof the tap-100111 window front- and the hatchet was then taken upon him; in* the street; then I law him go into the he went down on his knees and alkcd par-bar-room, there he took up Ionic half- don; we took the hatchet from him, "and pence and put them into his right hand let him go about his business: one of tlyr pocket; he came out with some in his witnesses has got the hatchet, hand into the street, and said, hnrrr, Do you know who the hatchet belonged hurrah,here Is money, and he put that too for — I do not, into his pocket i then he went into the Do you know the age of Murray ? — I fyoufe; I did not fee him go up stairs again, cannot fity I do; I have known him nine v but I saw him in the tap-room throwing or ten yearsX imagine him to be ..bout fame things Out of the window. ' . fev\.nteen.

DiJ you fee Sumucl Leman? — I did ELIZABETH PRIMARY;

Hot fee him do any thing; I saw him lay I am the wife of Paul Premary.

lpraw!ing behind the door after the inha- ‘ Was'you at home when the mob cama bitants came; one of the house-keepers first r — -I ;vas., Mary Cook and Susannah had knocked him down. Howard came to our house between eleven

Did you be Leman there ? — I do not and twelve, and brought inabitof a (leak; know that I did; ' . they eat it and called for a pot of beer;

Did you fee Hyde there ? — I saw him when they had eat it and drank their beer,

in the back part of the house; we had they went out at the door, and flopped there fe rn down to the bottom of the ltreettill the rioters eamc t when the rioters came \ve returned hack again; the people said, they were about the door waiting and look-some of them were at work; I jumped in ing up and down for them they joined the at the tap-room window and ran back- rioters. The mob rushed in upon us with wards, and then Hyde ran out at the back their bludgeons in their hands; they said,. place and jumped over into Mr. f owler's, " who are you, madam ?" I said, M I bear gardener's ground, \yith a hatchet in " long to this house;" they used very

rough

10W am you

i 1

,*They haa imoc*. Did vou fee

6oo<

I 33 }

rough language,they then sliced my hufoand,

who are yin, you o!J dog? what are you?'* ami they held their bludgeons over his head.

I laid, " pray, gentlemen, don't hurt us, I " will give you the belt iiquor I have in mv <t bar, as much as you choose to hare they kept on using very bad language; at last they began, (Thomas Murray began fid) i let us go it, let us ge itwhen

they began to beat the windows to pieces:

I trembled, and could not bear it longer; then the neighbours hauled me out to a neighbour's house.

nave you any recollection of the conversion that immediately preceded Murray's saying gc it ? — Yes; he laid, " let us go at

l)o you recollect what conversation immediately preceded that ? — No; I went out of the house, and then I saw Mary Cooke, arid Susanna Howard up in the one-pair of iiairs room* giving assistance to the people that were doing mischief there: I particularly saw them aiding and aiTifting in pu/h-ing out a table which went out of the window very hard, and the drawers.

Did you fee them anywhere afterwards? — I did not.

Do you remember any others of the prisoners- than you have spoke to ? Harry Wadham came in a little before the rioters came, and called for a pint of beer and paid me for it; he seemed to me to be pretty much in liquor j he then went out, and he was one that ru/hed in with the red of them, Edward Doreman, Thomas Murray, Harry Wadham, and French, who is not here: I do not know either of them, but t'nofc four I have mentioned.

Have you any reason to suppose, from any expressions of the women, that they were waiting for the mob ? — They went and looked at the door.

Had they paid you for what they eat and drank '--- Yes.

How long had they been fitting at the table then ? — Only a little while.

Was your's a brick house No; lath and planter.

Part il.

What condition did you find it in when you returned to It ?--- Every thing was fmamed to pieces and thrown out into the street, the partition between the tap-room and kitchen was pulled down, and they were laid open they pulled down the partition and the /helves in the kitchen and parlour; all was laid open, even the copper anJ the grates ' were pulled out, and the window-frarhes were some of them demolished; there was 1 only the /hell of the house heft; every thing was demolished, and the tables and drawers and every thing were thrown out at the window. * '

Hivjard. Whether you saw me go out at the door, or heard me make use of any expression ? — 1 did not hear her say any thing in particular; they eat their dinner, and they went to the door; they made use of no bad expressions in the house.

Wadi am. nether you saw me destroy any of your furniture ? — No; but he ru/h-ed in with them.:

Was not J in the house before the mob came ? — Yes; but he had been at the door; what he did when he ruined into the house I know not.* ':

SAMUEL BARNARD Jwmt. What business are you ? — d am a cooper, and live at No. 83 in Kint-street. 1 Do you knowMr.Premary's house? — Yes. Was you there when the mob came? — No; I was at my own door when the mob first came; I saw them begin to break the windows. 1

Did you fee either of the prisoners there ? — Yes; Murray and Doreman, I saw Murray come out of the house with a keg of peppermint water, he fmaihcd it upon, the ground; upon which one of the heads of it came out; after the head of the keg came out 1 saw a woman have the keg; there was about a quart of liquor in it; they gave to one person and another a dram out of it; I saw Doreman break the fa/hes of the windows with a flick; he was outside of the door; that was all I saw of him; we were called upon to aid and afliif the Constables to suppress them. Ju/hcc Fowler ordered I us

J

L: 34 J

us to take broomftielcs and go and supprefc them j we took fame and went up: the frril I came up to \va:> Murray, he wac holding clothes in his hand, Dorman's, as I believe; Dorman was fighting, I knocked him down; they went through the house; Mr. White /aid, they had ran over the pales; we went to the garden gates, and there I met with John Hyde with this hatchet in lus hand (producing it).

Did you say any thing to him, or he to you, when you took the axe from him r — I (truck at him and milled him; he ran again into the garden; he was afterwards laid hold of; he then said,

whpt he bad done; he downed on his knees

to Mr, Dent, and we kft him there; he was taken the next d*v.

Q_ to Paul Primary, is that yotfr hatchet ? — -It is; it was in our house in a clolet below (lairs adjoining to the tap-room.

Bataard. Hyde joined the inhabitants, and went round the next day in the proceluort.

FRANCES TILSITTS sworn.

I live at No, 91 in Kent-street, which is almost'opposite Mr. Premary's. '

Do you remember when the mob came there seeing any one of the prisoners ? — I fr.W Mary Cooke there; I law her come 'Out'of the house at near one o'clock.

Was that before or after the mob came ? — After; 1 law Thomas Murray bring the keg of liquor out; Cooke, took it from hint, and fetched a pint or halt-pint pot and a glass; (he took some of the liquor out of the keg, and gave it to the people that chose toiake it of her; after (he had so done, Ihwrook the keg up and drank out of it; then f went to my own house; when I came back I observed Cooke's hands were bloody flic had cut them in destroying the furniture and tilings; some body laid, 'J, PrVy bow can you do so I (he made answtr, G--d blajl his old bloody eyes % / him the

fame.

You say Murray was the person who brought out the rub 91 liquor ? — He did; be knocked the head out of it, and Mary Cooke took the liquor.

Did you hear Murray say any thin*? —

I eroded the way, and went home again; then the neighbours tdk.vd wiicre Mr. Premary was, (omebody said, he was at th-i next door, Mr. Savage's; I went into the next house, 1 saw Premary (landing the re; Murray flood by him, with a fort of (tick in his hand; he said, you old you me into Br.dc:vellfor a month; Mr. Savage said, Murray, my l.:d, don't hurt the poor old. man, he is old enough to be your grandfather; Murray came out at the door, Mr. Savage then came to him, and said, fake hands, my , / have know

you from a baby; 1 am sorry to fee you in this a fair; Murray laid, an old , he put me into Bridewell, and I owe him a grudge for that.

Had you known Murray before ? — Yes, by fight, these two years, from his livung in the street.

Didyeu fee any other of the prisoners in Premary's house ? — I can't , be particular about them.

Do you' know any thing of the other woman? — ! saw her throw something i out at the window.

Are you sure it was her ? — Yes, I know her very well.

SAkAH MACDONALD sworn.

Do you remember the day when the mob were at Premary's house? — Yes, it was on the 8th of June.

Do you recollect seeing either of the prisoners at the bar there? — Yes, I saw Leman there. The rioters came between twelve and one o'clock; I went to alh'l Mr. Premary, to fee if he could get any thing oujt of the house j I had some tilings there belonging to me; I was taking some pots down the llreef; this Leman (topped me, and said, they belonged to the king of Prussia, that is, Premary's; I laid, they did not; I took them home; when the rioters were beginning to disperse, J went back again to Premary's house, there I saw Leman again, he was in the passage where they keep their two-penny beer; Leman, had a quart or a two quart pan

in

C 3* I

pan in his hand; I asked kim what business: he had there, it did not belong to him; I told him, he knew he was doing wrong;

I deft red him to come out upon that damned, his eyes, and fata, it go;

he pulled the cock out of the barrel! immediately, and the liquor all ran about.

Leman. At what time did I stop you

— About one o'clock. v

Were the rioters then in the house? — Yes, they were.

How long after that was it when you law him the second time ? — About half an hour after.

Court. How far from the King of Prudia's head was it where you was topped ? — About twenty yards to the bell of mv knowledge.

W hich way was he coming ? — Towards the King of P ruff a, I was going from it.

JOHN ROBINSON fiver*.

Do you know either of the prisoners

— Yes, 1 know Leman.

Was you present when the mob made

an attack upon Prernary's house ? — I

was there about five minutes; some of the

things werfc thrown out before I got there: ... ©

I saw Leman bringing beer out of the house, he ajkcd me to drink some beer which

he had; I saw him throw part of a table

out of a window, from the bar in the tap-

room.

Who did he give the beer to ? — To the people that were about there.

\Vere the rioters about the door at that time? — Yes, there-were several about then.

Are you sure he is the man ? — Yes, I have known him for years; I heard the King of Prussia's head was pulling down; I returned back, for I found there was a neighbour's house, next to me, »‘1V^~ai to be down- Leman flopped r^,e an(j will you drink? i said no, J We just dr fink'; he laid, a n niy eyes y0U can'i drink any beer unU you drink any gin? young French came up t^, me at time an(j said, Ro-binigj^ your neighbour's house next but

one to you is coming down, and he el — his eyes if it should not ome down.

You are not to mention what French said, did Leman fr.v aov thing more? — No.

--- SCOFIELD fivorn.

I live in Kent-street.

Do you know the King of Pruffa's head ? — Yes, I was there at the time the mob were there; I know Mr. Simplon;

1 saw him there.

Was he in the house?- — 1 did not fL-e him in the house, he was breaking some of the wainfeotting in the street, about the middle of the re id, the mob were employed about deltroc.ng the house; there were some in the house.

Where did this wain Lotting come from?--- I beiicve, out of the house; I saw some come out, but I can't speak. to ' any particular piece that he broke; the mob were, some of them, breaking the settles in the lower part of the house, and others were breaking the top part of the house.

Were any materials brought from any other placer — I was ,there but about ten minute*; I did not fee any brought from any other place.

Are you sure that Simplon is the man ? — Yes ;' I have known him seven or eight years.

SAMUEL GAINSFORD I live in Kent-street.

Do you remember the time when Mr. Premary's house was attacked by the mob ? ' Yes, I remember seeing Hyde and Lcma*» there; I joined the gentlemen neighbourhood in order to qw-y, rjots . I did not go there till *Je neighbourhood rose; the mifchie^acj ^een donc to the

tv*U^P I got there; we went into

Mr. "ternary's house, there were two men in the house, they made their escape backwards, over the fence into the garden; we ran after them, and took them, and upon their asking pardon, and begging for mercy, some of the gentlemen let them go; we took them again in the afternoon; in

[ i. 36: ]

the afternoon Hyde joined the gentlemen of the allocution, they found him among them, they charged me with him, and I took him to gaol; I took Simpson again the next day. 1 took him out of his bed.

Did you Ice Simpson at Jie house ? — -I fr.'.v him in Kent-llrect arrongii the rioters that did the milch.ef, bur I did not fee him in the house.

What do you mean by being amongst them, was he a lpcclator or one of the mob ? — He was very busy among them that did the mischief.

Did you observe any tiling particular about him more than that he was in the midi! of them ? — Nothing more.

What time did you fee Simpson there ? — -It was betw'ecn the hours of one and -three. '

Did vou fee him'in that mob that was before fremary's house r — Yes.

From Hyde. Whether he ever favv me with the mob doing any thing ? — I did not, I only saw him and Leman together run out of the house.'

Leman. At what time of the dr.y did you fee me in the mob ? — -Between the hours of one and three.

Court. That is two hours, was it the latter part of the time or thejbeginning ? — To the bell of my recollection, it was about two.

What time did the neighbours assemble together ? — About a eleven.

What time did you go to this house ? - — As near as I can recoiled! about two. MARY COOKE's

and bought feme pork at a shop, then I went »'.nt0 this house and dressed it; another young w«?,rnan a,lt^cr husband fat with us; we had a ]*Tt beer > Mrs. prtmary and her husband v»'fre niuch frightened; they said, they hoped the would not come; we went to the doorl the mob came and forced in, and wer, going to beat the old gentleman, they offered to hit him over the head fevcrac times; she begged very hard for her iiuf-band's life; they all rushed in, and asked him what he was ? they took a book out

and tore it to piece?, and they were going to set them all on fire; a gentleman who is here persuaded them not to do so, and told them to consider the houses that were about; I was fitting quietly there at the door in a chair; my father is dead, and I have nobody here to speak for me; it was not in my power to fend for any body; there were ionic people laid, they would come and speak for my character but they arc not here.

SUSANNA HOWARD',- Defence. _ I went with Mary Cook, we bought a pound of pork cuttings, wc went into Mr. Premary's, and drelied them; when we came there, there was Susannah Backus dressing some pork cuttings too; as' the pan was not ready for us, wc {laid till she had done, then she dressed them: Susannah Backus, this young woman and I, had a pot of beer, they and I and the man that lives with Backus, fat in one box together, and drank out of a pot together, we all talked of the mob coming: while they were drefling the lfeaks I went out at the door and did not say any thing one way or other; I came in and fat down again, and said the mob were coming, then we all went out of the house; I llood right opposite Mr. Premary's house and did not aflil! at alls; I looked on, the same as others.

MURRAY'* Defence. -I have nobody to speak in my behalf, I beg for mercy of the Court; there are people here that would swear away my life for the lake of the reward: I was on board the Nightingale, and am willing to go on board a ship to serve his Majesty, and for the fake of the reward I was fetched away. I have nobody here but God, myself, and my father to give an acount of me.

For Murray.

JORn MURRAY sworn.

Mtin ay is my £?n, I am a poor man, I work very hard, he is labouring boy, and goes very hard to work eve»y ^ay» he is out of my power and command. 2 }'>ur_

Lordships will spare his life and dispoK." ot him as you shall think proper.

DORE-

I 37 1

-fcOREMANB

A» 1 was {binding at the door of the house where I idjged, about thirty men came along, they knew I came out of gaol, for I had been let out of gaol; they fai l, if I did not come along and help tonuil a house down they would use me ill; I was in the Serapis, and was taken by Paul Jones, I was confined five months in Holland j I. have been at lea altnoft all.my life time; I. was going down to a ship, but they brought me back again; I cm as innocent as the child unborn. There were but thirty-two, men left out of two hundred and fifty in the Scrap is $ we had all a ticket/or a month* and before my ticket was out 1 was taken up on suspicion of robbing, and put in thu. New Gaol here; I was taken out by the mob. I belong to the Alarm frigate, V went down to the ship.

WAD HAM'r Defence. '

I weajtiato Mr. Premary's house, and c-dled for a pint of beer, i drank half of it' before the mob came in j when they came -in,-Mr. Mansfield and some more begged the roob not to destroy the house; they began breaking the windows; after I had . drank my beer I walked out of the house,

I never offered to demobfh or dctlroy any thing, but was aififting nay brother in carrying away Mr. Premary^s goods. I beg my brother Wiji. Wadham may be called.

John Murray I know that he is not

here, he is gone to day to Greenwich.

H.YDE'j Defence.

I was hard at work three days out of the rioting week for a gentleman 1 always work for, the rioting week, when all this mil-chief was done.

For Hyde.

JOSEPH. COLLINS

I am a publican and dealer in cattle; Hyde has worked for me nine or ten years,

I have trusted him with some hundred pounds worth of good.s, he always brought them safe, and took great care of them; j|I remember he was in my business three days, that was on the Monday, T uefday, and some part of the Wednesday my wife paid him, and he went to London.

Part II.

Did you fee him after the Wednesday J — I did not, I hca:d he was in Jioid.

You knew nothing about him on the TThurfday ? — No, I expected him to come again on the Monday following as usual ? I have no employ for him only the forp part of the week: Mondays, ITuefda) s* and Fridays I drivers well as deal in cattle^ I fetch, goods out, of the country, / and bring them to Smithfkfd. I employ (even or eight of them for ail Deptford, Careen- wich, and Woolwich; a thou {and- sheep tni forty or fifty head of cattle go thiuuglf my hands in a week; I have trusted hinj Wifii thousamis of pounds worth of cattle

I . — SiTfePHENS sworn,

Ilvue went patroling the streets with the inhabitants, when a number of us went to suppress. tnc mob, lie feerned very cheerfully to all ft Us in supprcfiing the mob, X have known him a great while, an,d am sure it was him, he went up.and down tfio Borough with us.

At what time did.yoirfirft fee him Just as the Military came into the Borough, it was in the afternoon, but I cannot recollect wha| time it was.

Was it after Premary's house. was d»-stroyed? — I cannot recoiiedt, for I was busy aflitling a friend when wc expected the mob: I did not go up to Premary's', I w.i$ in the Borough.

Don't you know, bow Hyde came to join them ? — I do not.

What do you say as to his character ? — -I never heard any barm of him.- . '

Hyde. When I got to one Mrs. Sen-nock's house the mob were going to destroy it, 1 went there and begged all I could of the mob to save her house, and then I went home.

LEMAN's Defence.

The day on which they, say the house v.\*s pulled down I came to work; I came from work at twelve o'clock, I went and paid my landlady some money 1 owed her,

1 was a little in liquor, I went up into my own room and there I remained, I was not K at

[ 3*' y

if. Ptemsry's hoOfc, they fwcnr false a-gainst-me out of spitc,:

ELIZABETH SENNOCK sworn.

What do you know of Hyde ? — Oil Wednesday night about eleven o'clock the mob pulled down a pawnbroker's house, ilhey came to my house, and began to break! the shutters and windows sadly, and they fvvorc my house should Come down the rifonec came up to my house, I did not now him, he asked if it a Roman Catholic house, 1 said np: the prisoner went Up to the ribters and said, my , /

hear rt is not a Roman Catholic , had better come away: dire Fly,they inhfted upon breaking the windows, but he said, it was not a Roman Catholic h, and he begged they would not break any more windows j they went away from my house to my mother's, then he came again, artd said, that was no' Roman Catholic house, and they had bi tter go home, and not break dow more places-,

and accordingly the mob did disperse from mine and my lather's house, and did no* mischief.

" Wednesday nights-^-It was the night, they broke Mr. East's the pawnbroker's house down. r

He was not in your house ? — No.

Did he come with the mob ? — -I can't tell, I never few them till they began to, break the placed

‘ Ke few them,- and reasoned with them, not to attack the house, he said, that is not it' Roman Catholic hcufe l — He said, he Believed they were all proteflanis in the house.

Did they desist eafiiy ? — Yes, they

broke two of the window {hutters and iome window's, and then they went away.

Did they go away immediately upon his speaking to them ? — They went away directly to my mother's.

Was you at your mother's house ? — --I was, when they came I left my house and went direCily to my mother's; they did no damage at all to my mother's, they only looked at her books and went out direcdlv,

I {hewed them a prayer book, a telhment, and a bible, they said, it was all wrong, and they wetU away. ' T; '

Did they ask for the books ? — -Yes, they desired to look af mv books to lee what religion I was of, when I {hewed them the books they went away directly.

Who asked for your books7 — Who in particular I don't know, it was not one o,nly; but several asked that.

How came the prisoner toknowyou was not a Roman Catholic ? — I never taw him in my life, only he said; he lived in the street, and knew mv mother's name and mine.

They went down the street, and I few no more of them that night.

Did you fee any thing of them on the Thursday ?--Yes, I did, when they pulled down Mrs. Cooper's house, which i*. next door to me.

Drd you fee the prisoner with them ? — tfo; 1 was so frightened I did not observe any person among the mob so as to know them again.

Was M rs. Cooper's house pulled down before Mr. Prefnary's ? - — I do not know; Mi's. Coopers house was pulled down about nine or ten o'clock next morning.

Hyde.There is a person I wanted to appear for me, his name is George Brown, but I believe he is not here.

(He was called but did not appear.)

‘ For Samuel Leman. SUSANNA LOGAN fvorn.

I have known Leman from i child; his mother died about three; months ago fmcc he came from his maftfcr j on Monday was month, he asked me if he could have a lodging at'my house; I said yes; he lodged with me on the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesdayhe came home on Thursday at two o'clock, and paid me for his lodging for the night before: he was not at the house at the time it tVas destroyed.

Cross-Examination.

Leman lodges at your house/ — -Ye*.

You are very attentive to the hours at

which he comes home ? — I was very certain to the hour when he did come home.

Why ? — Because his wife waited roc him; 1 hatfe not Icon him fmee the time he went away from me on Friday morning till now.

But

— d-by-V^ 3

[ 39 J

But how art you enabled to be certain to the time of his coming home on Thursday? — 1 was obliged to come from the Borough; I was going home, St. George's church wanted a quarter of one as I passed; when I got home he entne and paid me for his nights lodging; he stepi out and came home again about two o'clock.

Did you look at your dock ? — I looked at my watch.

To lee what time he came home ? — No, not for that; my ion lived opposite Mr. Premary's.

Wat* the house down before he came back at two o'clock ?* — Yes; they said the things were done he fere he cem; there.

Tf.vy said -r who said ? — I was not there, my Ion lived facing him; he said, he would, corne to tea at three o'clock > I looked at the watch, when Samuel Leman came back, that I might make up the fire to.make the tea.

Court.Did you say he was noc at the Ikh:fe at the time? — -It was part one when he went, and he was at home again by two.

And then he came to you,r house ?- — Yes, and paid me; he had lobsters in his hand; he belonged to the fisheries.

'T hen he went away, and came back a--bout two o'clock ? — Yes.

And at two o'clock he went to bed ? — Yes.

Docs he always go to bed at two ? — Yes; Vccause they work at the filbery; they get up at one or two o'clock according as the tide is,

What is his business about the fish ? - — His mailer is here.

You say he lodged with you on the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday ? — Yes.

Did he pay you for his Monday's lodging ? — Yes j he paid jive all to the la.lt night.

He paid you every day, did he ? — Yes.

What did he go out again for after he paid you for his lodgings on Thnrfday ? — He did not go out, he went to bed.

Where did he go to when he came home at one, and paid you for a night's lodging?

— Then he came home and went to bed, and he went out on Friday morning, and I law him no more.

Did not he go out after he came in at one o'clock ? — -He paid me his lodgings; he went out and then came back again about two o'clock.

What did he go out for ? — He went to Mr. Premary's.

Did he tell you he was going the re No.

How do you know that he went there ? — Because people say he was there; f-dad not fee him there, for I was not there my lei f.

What business are you of ?- — I fim a, widow, and live by letting lodgings.

What lort of lodgings do ;ou let that your lodgers pay you every day ? — I let two-penny lodgings.

- What is your ion ? — He is of no business, he has a house upon lease.

Did you take any notice how Leman was when he came back at two o'clock ? — -I gave him a tap upon the fl.ouider, and said, go to bed.

Did you take any notice whether he-, was fuddled or not < — I did not.

RICHARD PRESTON sworn.

I am a fisherman; I have known Leman a great many years, he was always a just honest lad; he has worked for me eight or nine years on and off; I have -strufted him with a great many things.

Did he work for you at the time of this riot ?- — Just before it.

When did he leave off working for you? — On the Tuesday night, he went home very much fatigued; he said, he would come the next morning early j he came about nine o'clock on Wednesday morning; he staid but part of the day.

\Vhcn did you fee him again ? — -I did not fee him any more as we could not get our nets and things ready to go to work; I told him to go home and take a little more rest.

Then he did not come to you on Thursday ? — -No, I saw no more of him.

Was

Was you filling on the Thursday ? — No, I was mending my nets at home.

Do you employ your men in mending your nets f — No, T mend them only when 1 have occasion to mend them, and when I have ieWure.

You did not want him on ThutTdav ? — Yes I did, 1 lay still for him, but he did not come; he came always very just and h one ft I v.

MAjl< Yr PRESTON

He has worked for my husband eight ^ars -aft May; he is a very honest hard working young man; I have entrusted bim to take money when my hufbaml has been a nshing; he always gave me a true account; 1 have entrusted him to fell hfh when my husband was out of the way; he was always industrious. -GEORGE BIGGS I have known him work for Mr. Preston two years; he v/ns always an industrious,' hard working, sober man, as far as I know.

JAMES SIIOOKEN /wont.

My lord, I am called upon to give a baraOer to this man; he is working for a tenant of mine (Preston) I have known-him several months; I never knew any thing prejudicial to his chara<ft*r» '

ELIZABETH WHEELER sworn.

I have known Leman several years; I never heard any harm of bim in my life, he is an honest sober lad; I know nothing of this affair.

SIMPSON'S ? know I never did any thing.

For Sint fort.

ANDREW ROSS sworn.

Shave known Simpson fourteen or fif-' teen years; I know nothing of him, but - third part of these

There ere a few- Copies cf those Trials j

that be has been an hard working poor fellow j he has been employed by one Mr. Walden, at night work or any labouring-work that he could do; I believe he was part of his time apprentice to a pipe maker.

Do you know any thing particular of him ? — No, I know no further than I have said; he has had a room near me for these two years part.

JOHN JEWSTER sworn.

He is an hard working young fellow; I never heard any harm of him in my life; I knew his father beforeJiim.

Has he any settled business r--- He was a . mop-stick maker and had a right to be a pipe-maker, which was his father's trade.

Had he any settled work ? — He was an hard working man.

CHRIStOPHER SMITH/kw*.

1 have known him a good many years; I never knew any harm of him in my life; we used to call him innocent , he was a very fiarmless lad.

: What arc you? — A victualler and a constable.

Had he any settled work ? — No, in win* ter time he used to fell muffins for one Mr. Girdler near where I live, and he used to work for Mr. IPaildron the nightman in Kent-street.

WILLIAM SIMPSON not Guilty.

THOMAS MURRAY, EDWARD DOREMAN,

HENRY WADHAM, I Guilty

MARY COOKE,

SUSANNA HOWARD, I SAMUEL LEMAN, and JOHN HYDE, J

will be published in a few day;.] minted on fine Paper. Prise One Shilling.

The FOURTH PAR I of the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Rioters,

TAKEN IN SHOR T-H AND,

JB.y J. GURNEY, Author of BRACH YGRAPHT,

Or SHORT WRITING made easy to the meanest Capacity. DEDICATE (with Permission) to the KING. h publijktd this Daj, Price Sixpence,

-rJIigitiz-ed by

THE

P "R O CEE D I N G S

ON 'THE

PING's ^Special Commission of Oyer a^d Tprmii^r for the County of S u r"r v, v

held at

St. , M A R, G A R E TVS , H I L L,

i - - - ' ' ' i '-.x .* '

On Monday the 10th of July, 17S0, ^and the following Days;

BEFORE

The Right Hon. ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH, Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleasj

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOULD, Knight one of the jfu/Uces: of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; ' !j

The Hon. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of his

Majesty's Court of Exchequer j 1 '

1

AND *

The Hon. FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices of hh Majesty's Court of King's Bench*

Taken In SHORT-HAND (with Permit on of the Court)

By J o' S E P H GURNEY,

Short-Hand-Writer at the Session in the Old Bailey.

PART III.

LONDON:

Printed fw JOSEPH G U NE Y,

And S^ld. by M. GURNEY, No. 34, near

M.DCC.LXXX,

[PRICE SIX PENCE.]

T H B

P R O C E E D I NOS

OU THE

KING'S Special Commission* of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry, 6cei;

ILLIAM SMITH was indi&ed, . for that he, together with forty other persons and more, did, unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously aircmble on' the Sth of June last, to the disturbanoe of the public peace, and did begin to de.mo-Tifh and pull down the dwelling-house of Thomas Connolly, against the statute. ROBERT CHAFFERS sworn.

I live in Tool ev-street,' about ten doore from Mr. Connolly's house.

Did yotr fee the mob come there on the TTth of June I — Yes j they came there on Thursday the 8th of June, about half past one o'clock: they began breaking the windows; then they pulled down the front of the house; after which, they threw out all the furniture they then popped two carts in the street, into which they put the furniture, and they carried k to a piece of waste ground about an hundred yards off. The beds and feathers were all tupibled about the street.

What number of people might there be aflbuibled.? — Not ;ibove twenty or thirty' active people, but there might be four or five hundred in the street.

Which do you Gall active people Those who were Employed in pulling the house down.

Were any yf them' aimqd 'Several

were armed with bludgeons, feme with-pieces of rafters, bed-posts, chairs, &c.

How long might, the mob continue there ? — They. were there from half an hour after one o'clock till about four.

Do you know the j)rifoner I do, I saw him there.

What did you.observe him say or do ?~ I did not observe him doing any thing, I only observed his having his hat ia his hand, and he was rather exulting when any particular part of the front happened to be pulled down, or the furniture thrown, out into the street.

Describe in what way he exulted ? — Nothing more than having his hat in his hand and turning it round.

Did you fee hijn. pull off- his hat and! wave it round ? — Yes, I observed that twice.;

Did yon obfir.ve that there was any thing in his hat ? — I believe there was a. cockade.

Are you sure yvhether there was or n© ? — To the best of my knowledge, I ob--served a blue cockade in his hat the first time he,waved it.

Did you hear him make use of any cx-pressions'?- — No, I only observed this at a distance while I was at my own house.

Where the- prisoner yrheir he was

d»ing

G©e#I

r 43 i

tWng this ? — *- Standing on the opposite side of the street to Connolly's house.

How' long did you observe the prisoner there ? — I did not observe him there above ten minutes.

Do you mean by , opposite Mr. Connolly's house? — Yes, I do, 1 afterwards saw him at about half after three o'clock at the Ram's Head Tavern, Too-lv-street; it was talked in the company that some soldiers were coming down from St. Magaret's-hill, and that the mob would be soon drfperfed; Mr. Smith made answer, that there were five or six hundred of the prisoners which had been let out of the

King's-Benck person the night , were then

coming through the half-penny h

fields and would join the mob in a few minutes.

Where is the half-penny hatch ? — It leads from Lcing-lane to a place in Snow's-fields, which is near Connolly's house.

How far is it from Connolly's house ? — Not above three minutes walk.

Had the other rioters cockades of any kind ? — Most of them had.

What colour were their cockades? — Blue in general.

Was that the colour of the prisoners cockade i — Yes, it was.

Cross Examination.

Pray what are you ? — An hop-factor.

How far do you live from the place where this riot happened ? — Not above ten or a dozen doors.

What time of the day was it when you first saw Smith I — To the best of my recollection about a quarter or half an hour before three; the mob had been threatening my house as well as the others; it was about that time.

That was after the mischief was done I believe ? — No, it was while the mischief was doing.

How soon was it after the commencement of the business that you saw Smith ? — It might be an hour.

Where had you teen Smith before that time? — I do not recollect that 1 had lecn him before for two or three months.

Was you well acquainted with his person ? — He lived a very near neighbour to me when he wras in business, as a wine merchant; he then lived within a few doors of where this riot was committed* in Canterbury-square, opposite where I live.

Did yon enter into any conversation with Mr. Smith when ^'ou was a spettator of this business ? — No, I did not, he spoke to me at my own door; I was very forrv to fee him rather rejoiced.

Did he appear to you to be sober ? — -When I saw him at the Ram's-head, L though the was rather forward in liquor.

That was afterwards? — About half as hour after.

When you firfb saw him at the fire who was he in conversation with ? — i did not fee him in conversation with any one ift particular.

Th'm he did not appear to be in company with any particular person ? — I did not fee that he was.

He only appeared there as a spe£Dtor like any other person? — Only waving his hat when any particular mischief was done.

Then this exultation is only a conclu-fton of your own? — I do not wish to conclude any thing.

Did you fee him give directions to any of the mob ? — Not in the least.

What was the reason of your following him to the Ram's Head ? — 1 did not follow him, I went there about some bufr-ness of my owm; Mr. Smith came in along with Mr. Gardiner a corn factor.

Was it by mere accident that you went in there? — Yes, 1 went there to heaF how it was; my own house was fovea times, attempted to be pulled down.

When he entered into conversation at the Ram's Head about several persons being to come from the gaol, did he say be had heard that ? — He laid there were five

or six hundred of the prisoners, which had been let out of the King's Bench prifort the night before, were then coming thro* the half-penny hatch in Snow's-fields, and would join the mob in a few minutes.

He

' by

f 1

.. ifc said be bad beard jo ?* — did not hear

him uy any thing else but that, I did not Rear him lay neither that ha had Aw*/or cot, he only C&id there were fijeh a number of persons coming through the half-penny Jiufch, jn Snow's-fielJs, to join the mob.

Will you undertake to say that he said this of his oivn knowledge or that he said,

fce had heard so

Court. I upderfiood you that he said positively that there were five or six hundred prisoners let out of the King's Bench prison lati night; now the gentleman asses you Whether he said that positively, or whether he said he had been inforated so, or had ke^rd of it ? — 1 did dot hear him make use of the word heard, but he might do so, I am not positive, I was then about some bu-Jiness of my own, and when I heard him ftell this story it alarmed ipe.

Court. Repeat his words as near as you can reeplknct them ? — I understood him to fav that -there were five or six hundred of the prisoners that were let out of the King's "Bench the night before, were then coming through the half-penny hatch, and would join the mob in a few minutes. He did not appear to be any way riotous when irv the house; he wa6 drinking a glass of wine with a very creditable neighbour.

Did he make use of that cx"ltation you have been speaking of when he came into the house ? — No, he was talking with Mr. Gardiner, and drinking a glass of wine, and when he said this about the prisoners, he shook his glass about.

Do you mean to say that his behaviour there was decent and sober ? — I did not ob-Jferve any thing else of him, not to go out into extremes.

Lieut. ISIIAM CHAPMAN

I believe you were upon the service of quelling these riots ? — 1 was.

What corps do you belong to ?T--The South Humpihirc; regiment of Militia.

Did you go to the house of Connolly that was attacked by the mobinTooIey-ibnfct r — X did, it was about one o'clock

on the Thursday, ..that party was dp. tached from the Regiment, under the command of Captain Worflcy, in < order; to quell the riot in Tooley-ftneet; on Capt. Worflcy's arrival there, finding the mol) to be numerous, he feat for mor,e force: I was detached with tveQPty men to join bun, after I, had joined him, J perceived thepri-fonor in company with another man.

You went to Mr. Connolly's house I suppose ? — It was a house they had destroyed in Tooley-ftrcctt

Had they pulled down the front of it r — No, the house was totally gutted, and the contents, or the major part of them were in the middle of the street before the house; the prisoner took an opportunity of speaking to the men 1 headed; I heard him tell them, they must not fire, he could not tvish then 19 hurt any of the mob, end that if they did frey it muji be over their heads; 1 told him, th;t was very improper language to the fokli-ers, and if I heard him (peak to the men again I should take l'uch notice of him as would be very dilagrceable to him; he made me some answer which I do not recol-lcdf; I;(aw that he was exceedingly intoxicated: soon after that we made our w<?y over tho rubbish, and I saw no more of the prisoner till he was brought before the justices, which was on the next day.

What time was it when you carae with your twenty cnen r — 1 believe near half pa ft ope at poon.

Was the prisoner before Connolly's house ? — No, I believe he was within ix or seven doors of it on the fame side of the way-

Croft Examination.

I think you said he addrdled his conyer-fation to the soldiers ? — He did.

Did you hear him say any thing to the mob that might lead you to suppose him a ringleader, or leader of them? — When the mob huzza'd, he huzza'd likewise.

You said he was exceedingly drunk at that time C-He-appeared to me to be very much so.

CHARLES

I 45 1

CHARLES STONE '

Tam a Serjeant in the fifteenth regiment of Light Dragoons..'

Was you in Tooley-fTreet on the 8th of June? — -I was-upon duty at this hall, I was sent into Toolev-street by Sir Richard Worsley, who commanded the South Kants militia: I was ordered, with four dragoons to patrol to London bridge, and to make an enquiry of an officer and twelve men belonging to the South Hants militia, who had been detached to Tooley* street to fee what disturbance had been committed there' by the mob, I went there.

Were you there at the time the mob were at Connolly's house ? — Yes.

What time of the (say was that ? — I cannot tell the exact time, ft was- some where about three or four o'clock.

Were (he mob pulling down the house at the time ? — There were a great many in the house^very much in liquor; the officers party had their arms recovered, and the mob were round them; when I went up I made way with the four dragoons to the officer and his party, and got them out of the mob; they did - not present or cffef to fire; we thought our force-too small to disperse the mob; we gave them advice to disperse, and that we were going to get more' fuluiers: the mob began to throw stones or brickbats, one of which (Truck the (Word out of my hand; we again warned the mob to desist; we turned back; I then saw a man in a bluejacket with an iron crow in his hand.

What was he doing ? — He was not doing any thing with it.

Did you fee the prisoner there ? — I did.

In what situation was he ? — He was encouraging the mob to begin with the soldiers, and giving very- ill language; I took the iron crow from the man in the blue jacket, and I beat him; he was much in iiquor: I drove him about h;s business; that was in the gateway opposite the house:

1 turned out agairi and came over to the house that was pulled 'down; on the ruins of the house I*halted again, and dcfirecl the* mob to difpcrle: several of them were armed yART III.

with pieces of wwd, which I sent rafters or pieces of the house; I defined theifi likewise to disperse, and told them that if they did not disperse wc should certainly be obliged to tire upon them, or to afe other means which would disperse them $ then I saw the pris oner opposite the house j he was encouraging the mob.

Court. Describe how ? — ~ I cannot mention the words he spoke to them; he was in the front of them; he fccmingly encou* raged those people who had (Ticks in their hands to begin with the soldiers.

Can you mention any exprdfion he made use of r — I cannot.

Or any action ? — He was fuming-aboait to the mob encouraging them to begin with us; be gave us very ill language. ': r<

What did he say to you ? — I cannot tell particularly; I wras not so near to him,' and there-was a great noise.

You say he gave you ill language ? — -Yes, but I cannot remember the words: then the mob lifted up their clubs in order to (Trike, as I imagined; I rode up to them immediately, and cut one of those who liad a club on the head; then they rather fell back, but again they made a stand; then f cut another on the shoulder, who had a club in his hand; then they began to run away, and we beat them with the fiat of our (words all the way they ran; we never cut one of rhem afterwards, to the best of my knowledge:-a great number of the mob turned to the left hand into the flret-t, which I believe they call Battle- Bridge or Battle-lane 5 we (Til! kept driving them to disperse them, and I saw tins fhg carried about, ('pndtte*

% it-)

What did these colours belong to ? — They look like a flag that is put at an ea-sign flaff of a small vefibl. I rode towards the colours in order to disperse the mob; whilst I was beating them with my sword the colours were dropped; I took them up and gave them to an officer's servant -belonging to the South Hampfltire Militia to carry; they were too heavy for me t i fat* the prisoner just by the place where the colours y/ers taken up> hv Jccmingly fnd M the

I I-

' 4fcc address to rpcak fomcthhvg in our favour for difperiing the mob; I laid that is the very rascal that was at the head of the mob.

What did he Cuy in commendation of lyoa for"difpcriing the mob? — I do not know* I rode up to him after seeing that, and {truck, him twice very heard with the flat of my iwoid upon his back.

Counftl for the Crown. Did he turn

down with them that went Battle-bridge way ?--- I did not fee him when they turned down, but I found him there; I defir-cil the gentlemen, when I was examined, to look, at his back, and they would, I Relieved, find the riiarks.

I. What, did yott say to him when you struck him on the back 1 only laid he was: the rascal that was at the head of the inob.

Did they examine his back ? — No.

— ' Crop Examination.

Was you at any time near enough to the prisoner to hear what was laid ? — I do not think h was j there was so much noise I could not hear what was said.

Because you talked of his encouraging the mob ? — By his behaviour I could not iinderstand any otherwise.

Why did you say he was i.t the head of the mob ? — Because he was at the head of the mo.b and speaking to them frequently.

In truth you heard him lay nothing ? —

I could not hiiHnguish what he said.

- After that he paid you some compliments? — Yes.

And then you knocked him down ?-----

Because he was at the head of the mob before.

Was every man at the herd of the mob that was in the ldicets ? — He was at the head of those that were armed.

As a spectator only perhaps ? — I cannot say as to that.

Court. W by might not he as well have been,advising the mob todifpcrfc according to your dtfire; why do you think it was one more than the other ? — By his gestures, because after he had done speaking to them iney Idled up their clubs to of pole me.

5 I

You said you looked upon him to be encouraging the mob by his gestures ? — Yes, became the mob, after his l'p^aking to them lifted up their clubs.

Counsel for the Prisoner. ‘The prisoner had nothing to do with those colours that you have produced, had he ? — I cannot say, for before I could observe who had them they were dropped.

Counsel for the Crown. Was the Pti-foner near them when you observed them ? — Yes, within about ten yards.

JOHN HAMMERTONJwom.

I keep the Spread Eagle, a public house in Mill-Jane, Battle-bridge, near Tcoky-street.

Did you fee the mob assembled at Con-nollv's house ? — I did.

Do you know the prisoner ? — I do.

Did you fee him with the mob — 1 did not.

At what time did vou fee the mob? — -Between two and three.

When did you lec him ? — About six o'clock 1 saw him in Mill-lane.

,( Was the mob in Mill-lane then? — Some were at the end of it.

,:Wher^ was the prisoner ? — Within about twenty yards of my house, between my house and the mob.

What had he in his hand ?--- A flag fluff, q Were there any colours to it ? — There were.

What fort of colours ?-<-! think they were part blyc.

Were the mob coming down towards your house at that time ? — They were.

Was he coming down that way ? — He was llanding the re when I came out.

Did the mob come down to him ? — Two or three came down to him, he fa:u, my lads go away, go awa, all is qu 'ft here. . Was this ail you heard him say ? — Yes.'

Do you recollect which way they went ? — I do not recoiled, I went immediately into my own house.

Do you remember when three pr four of the light horse came to Connollys r — Yes.

1 saw some there, this was a great while after that.

Were

niniti^gH hu_V -tQ_OQ_| 0 ——

[ 47 ]

Y/ere the light horse crone at the time he fnid, all was quiet ? — The light horse came -down; upon their coming he laid down the flag, and went into the house of Mr. Hamaa a fmitn.

Cross-Examination "

Did the prisoner icem in liquor ? — Very much*

Did he mention any place where he had been drinking ? — He told me afterwards when he came to my houic that he had been drinking with Mr. Gardiner.

Court. Do you know what became of the colours which he laid down ? — I saw it taken up and given to alight horseman.

At that time was the prisoner in the shop ? — I suppose he was in Haman's shop, I did not fee him.

Where did you go ?- — I went into my own house and saw no more of him till seven o'clock.

--- FOUNDER sworn.

You live in Tooley-street ? — I live at Battle bridge, which is a little distance, it may be three hundred yards.

You remember the Jay Connolly's house v. as pulled down ? — Yes, the 8th ol June.

Do you remember the Prisoner coming to your house that day ? — No, I remember shaking hands with him oppollte the Spread Eagle; Mr. Hammerton was I believe in the passage at the time, that was between five and six o'clock in the evening I believe.

What did you hear the Prisoner say concerning himself ? — After that, the Prisoner went into the Spread Eagle, he went up {fairs, Mr. Yoxall went up flairs with him.

What did you hear him mention ofhiin-self ? — -I did not hear him say any thing of the rioting, only he called a man in with a red jacket, what was said of that man I did not hear.

Did the man in the red jacket go up flairs ? — I saw him go into the passage, I can't tell whether he went up (lairs; after that Mr. Smith coming down, happened to say that he had everal hundred men at his command of the gang, but he did not lay for what, 1 never heard him mention a word of rioting or any thing, he said he was going over the water to Wapping after-

wards, with five hundred men, bnt he did not fav for what.

JAMES WfPTAKER

Do you know the pruonvr — i 10.

Do you recoiled: tin u. v Mr. Connolly's house was pulled down ? — It was pulled down on the 8th ot June.

Do you recoiled: luting the prisoner o:i that day ? — Yes.

At wiiat time? — I can't recollect.'

Was it in the morning or a/iemoon ? — It may fccin It range, but I do not know that,

I was confuied by a matter prior to that.

In what situation was he at that time ? — As a madman.

Where do you live ? — At Butt!c- Bridge.

Did he come to your house ? — Yes, by my own invitation.

Did you give him any thing ? — I did.

What? — Money.

Why ? — He wanted feme money.

Did he say any thing to you of nimfelf ? — He certainly spoke to me of course.

You perfectly uoderstand me; why don't you tell what you know? — He laid, he mould take the mob away from

Why did he lay that ? — It was mv re-quell he would take die niub away from me \ he said, he teas going ever the water to meet feme parties ofbi>, or some he wan told would b' there; he laid, you will go with me over the wate I said, 1 would

go with him any where, where ever he plealed 3 he laid, we [nail money

or cash, or to that purport: I undertlood it money; I asked him fiow much ? two or three guineas he laid: I told him I bad been paying Peter Cockran (a rioiei) four guineas that morning, which 1 judged was for their use \ Mr. Smith laid, he kneta nothing of Cockran; he knew nothing of any of the mob:

I called Mr. Smith Cap. and begged he would keep the mob out of my house; but I never heard him a flu me the name of Captain, though I called him lo.

How come you to cali him so ? — Seeing him the first man that came near my house, at the corner of Battle- Bridge, but it was from an invitation of mine that he came into my house from the corner of Battle- Bridge,

f 48 1

Did he cpme alone to your house ? — ' I can't recoiled that j after he came into the house it was that the mob came in, and then it was that I called him Captain.

How. many of the mob do you suppose were at and about your house when you called him Captain? — There might be trom ten to twenty; but there were not more than a dozen, I fupnofe, of the rioters: there were a number of my neighbours and people of reputation that were obliged to put ccckadcs in their hats.

How many people were there round your house, do you iuppole, when you called him Captain? — I dare say not an hundred.

When you called him Captain, what did he fa,y ? — He said, I cm Captain.

Did he say any thing more to you; did he tell you of his corps ? — By no means.

Did you ask him to keep the mob out of your heuse, or to take the mob out that \v«rc in ? — I can't lay particularly, whether I said take or keep.

Whatwas hisaniwerto that? — There was another man came in: when 1 called Mr. Smith, Captain; that man laid, if he (meaning Smith) is Captain, I am Lieutenant.

Was any answer given to your request about taking the mob away from your house? — The prisoner said, he believed he could have influence to take the mob away; be try what he could do.

Did he talce them away ? — - He and the Lieutenant (as he (tiled himfclt) tried to get them out, hut could not; they did not appear to me to have the influence or command then which they appeared to have had at first.

How did you get the mob out of your house at last ? — I said, if the officers don't keep their rank the forcmalt men will overpower them; I went into my (hop.; I am a ship-ch-andler 5 they wanted some blue ribbands; Smith was then in my back room, and appeared very peaceable and quiet, and seemed rather uneasy that the mob did not go out 5 I gave them feme blue bunting, which is what we make flags of.

What did he fsy whenyou told him, " if *' the officers did not keep their rank the

" fore mad men would over-power them?"- — I can't recollect that he laid any thing further than begging the men to go away.

Had you given him any money at this time ?- — One guinea, and he gave it nic again at my request.

When ? — About five or ten minutes after that.

Why did you request it again ? — That I might give the man that called himself 1 Lieutenant half of it; but the pri loner did not acknowledge him to be a Lieutenant: I gave that man half-a-guinea, and ifien gave the other to Smith, but he did not alls it of me the second time.-

When you asked him for the guinea, what did you tell him you wanted it for? — To get it changed.

Did you tell him you wanted to give half of it to the other man ? — I don't recollect that I did.

How came you to think of giving half-a-guinea to that man j did he alk money of you ? — He did.

In the presence of Smith ? — I don't recollect particularly, I believe not in his presence.

You went and brought them fomethino' that was blue ? — Yea, some bunting.; it is an open kind of Huff of woollen manufactory which they make colours for ships of.

How much did you bring ? — Wc bad but little left in the shop then.

Was there enough to make colours of ? — No.

Not a {hip's nor a boat's colours ? — Mrs. Whitaker cut it to pieces and gave it to a parcel of the poor bunting ragged men to make them cockades, 1 believe.

How long did Smith flay with you-? — I can't tell the time.

Did ha go away with the others ? He did not, he flayed behind them j he endeavoured to get them out.

Did they go ? — They did.

-Mostly at his perfuahon. ?- — They did. How far was the mob from Smith when you invited him into your house ? — The lcjvgth of this -court.

Was

t 9 J

"Was he at the front of them ? — I don't know which was the front.

Were they coming towards your house? — They were not, they were ft and in 2;

ft;!!.

Was he doin'; so too? — No, he was r.-ther advancing towards Bermondfev-li;iet.

How came vou to invite him into your house? — Knowing him to have been a pris'oner in the Ring's Benrh lately, I thought fje might be among the mob.

You did not invite the mob so follow him, I suppose N — 1 did not, nor did he j 1 had previous intelligence of their coming.

Cross Examination.

Have you any reason from your previous knowledge of Smith, to have an opinion that he was a rioter? — Not in the least; Peter Cockran the night before demanded seven guineas of me, I got him oft' for four.

What did you give it to Cockran for ? — To favc my house and were house from being in flames, which he threatened -extremely; I fh >uld be very glad to fee him at the bar.

So from having paid Cockran four guineas, you went up to' Smith, bring a-larmed ? — After settling with Cockran, I was coming home to my own house.

Your mind was still alarmed ? — Yes.

Had you any reason to fulpteft Smith ? --- No.

You invited him into your house? — I did.

Was he standing in the mob at the time or by himself? — I don't' know where a man could stand then without being in the mob; I law him there; I judged, as I knew he had been a , that he

might have some knowledge of these people, and have some influence with them.

When Smith came to your house, was rot his behaviour very decent and civil ? — Entirely so.

Did not he offer to give you any afllft-ance towards difpcrfwg the mob ? — -Yes, Part III*

Was not he in liquor ? — Entirely % < madman.

Did lie fnrw any anxiety at their not po:n?--He did.

1. id he seem to have any influence over the mob ? — N:s he appear.;d entirely un-connetted with them; he did jy-t appear t have the influenced er them w. i h i. f-pveded.

Count'd for the Crown. Would you employ a madman to get these p.ople away from you 1 house ? — 1 woulu, it I thought he could have accomplished it.

You said he behaved very civilly, was-that like «i madman-? — It- was an hour-after he behaved like a m admail; people1 forced liquor upon him, ajid then lie had drank a good deal.-

Counf'i for 'thePr ifonrr.Do you think

he would have been in your house if yrfii' had not invited him in ? — I reaiiy do not' think that he would.

Who did you say- forced liquor upon-him ? — Numbers in the neighbourhood atked him to drink, and; as he was a good-' drai gone in liquor, he was ready to accept it.

From' different houses ? — Different pub — lie houses.

Did he go from public house to public house ? — He was invited.from public houlb to public house.

And paid for his liquor ? — I do not know, that really was paid for which I saw him diink. \

Who paid for it?--I paid for some myfl-lf.

You forced this liquor upon him ? — I should willingly have forced more upon him to have made him drunker than he was, for 1 was afraid he fhoitlJ get into the mob and do mischief to himself in the neighbourhood.

Court. You say he was invited from public house to public house ? — Yes.

Were any of those houses at a confi — derable distance from your house ? — There are tlnee public houses in as small a distance as the dimensions of this court, and two not farther from one another than L am from your l-atufaip,.

N ' And

0

E So ]

When he went to these public houses did he go by himself or the rest go with him? — Only one man with him j the mob was gone.

Was that one that went with him the lieutenant ? — rThe man th it act'umed that character.

SARAH WHITAKER sworn.

Were you at home when' your husband invited the prisoner to come to your house ? — I was at the door.

How far was the mob from the prisoner at the lime your husband invited him in ? — There was a vatt number of people about the place, but which were the mob 1 am not certain.

Were they near to the prisoner at that time ? — About the lane.

Were you present when your husband went up to him ? — -Mr. Whitaker invited him into the house.

What application did your hu{b*nd make to him when he got him into the house? — I do not know j I flood at the door all the time.

_ Did not you go into any room ? — No.

Did you hear what passed between them ? — No.

Was you present when any thing was given to them ? — I think I was there when the colours were given.

Who were they given to ? — I do not know.

Who gave them ? — I believe I did myself; I had them in my hand; I was so frightened that 1 did not know what I did.

C % T

Did you fee the mob go away r — i es, Mr. Smith took them away; he told me he would take them a>td

there should he no m if chief done that lane.

Court. Repeat that again.--- When

he went out of our house, I said to the prisoner, " I hopo Sir, there will be no mischief done in our lane;" he said, there should not, he would take the mob away.

Did you fee where he took them to ? - — I did not.

They all went together r — -They were all dispersed, we had no more noAe that night.

Did he go at their head ? — No, I Dw him afterwards; I believe they went away by water; they went before Mr. Smith.

H ow soon d'd he go after them r — I do not suppose it was five minutes after before he went.

As he came out of your house you Did to him, you hoped there would be no injury done in that lane? — Yes, and he said, he would take the mob aw, not.

Did you know of any money being given to them by your husband ?-»--1 did not then.

About five minutes after the mob was gone the prisoner went out of your house ? — Yes; he was in liquor, I believe, but he behaved very soberly and quietly.

Did any body go out with him ? — I do not remember that there did.

Did you fee him afterwards on that night?

I do not remember seeing him afterwards.

You said you did not know that any money was given then; when did you know of its being given ? — In the evening Mr. Whitaker told me.

Cross Examination.

There was no mob with Smith when he came into your house; he came in quietly by himself ? — He came in with another man.

Was not your husband in company with them ? — -No, he was at the door.

Did not your husband tell you he invited them in ? — He did.

Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.

For the Prisoner.

WILLIAM BAR WICK sworn.

What are you by profession ? — A coal-dealer I have been lately.

Are you acquainted with William Smith? — I know him very well.

Do you remember being in his company upon the 8th of June ? — Very well; Mr. Smith and I, from where Mr. Smith laid the preceding evening, took a walk down White-street, I think it is, at the b«ck of

GoO^lC

---&

[ 5T 3

St. George's Church; I met him at eleven in the morning.

What time did you part with him in the evening ? — I was not in company with him in the evening; 1 walked with him to the Ram's-headTavern in Toolcy-street; I {laid with him near two hours, ar^l one Mr. Gardiner, a corn-factor.

Where is Mr. Gardiner's ? — There is a passage through the Ram's-head yard to Mr. Gardiner's house, it is jult at the back of the Ram's-head tavern.

To what hour might you flay at the corn-factor's ? — From the time wc got there it might be two hours and a half perhaps, but I cannot be certairi within half an hour.

Was there any mob assembled before you parted company with Mr. Smith ? — The soldiers were opposite the Ram's-head door, and the mob were down the street; I saw a g'eat many pillows and feathers thrown out into the street, and a bed.

Is the Ram's-head near where the riot was ? — It might be within fifty or sixty yards.

Then you could fee the rioters very plainly ? — I saw people assembled.

What was the conduct of Mr. Smith during the time you was there ? — He did not behave any way amiss, or go near the rioters; he spoke to the soldiers who were Handing opposite the Ram's-head door.

Was his behaviour peaceable and quiet while in your company ? — He was rather intoxicated from the wine and brandy we drank at Mr. Gardiner's.

But was his conduit peaceable and civil ? — Quite so.

Did he appear to you to be unconnected with the mob ? — He appeared to me to have no connection with them.

At what time was it you parted with him ? — After two o'clock, as near as \ can recoileit.

You do not know what became of him after ? — No; I had some business to do in the city, and I parted from hin

Cross Examination.

I presume the brandy and water had the fame effect upon you that it had upon Smith?

— It might he so, but I was rather cautious what 1 drank.

But he is an incautious man, is he, and drinks without thinking ? — 1 uo not know; a man may be inclinable todiinic a little more at one time than another.

Perhaps it happened to be his case that day that he was inclined to drink more ? — I don't know that.

He is an old acquaintance of your's ? — I have known him some ^ears.

You laid you walked with him " from where he lodged the preceding evening j'* you dropped mentioning where that was ? — The St. George's Coltee-house, St. George's Fields.

You are, or were a coal-dealer ? — Yes.

Arc you so now ? — No.

How ior.g have you left that trade olF? — Since 1 have left off I have had misfortunes.

You were a prisoner with him? — I have Ren him there.

But you was a fellow prisoner with him and others ? — Yes.

When did you come out ? — I was burnt out.

By the rioters ? — -They were called rioters.

Why, what would you call them, good p-\ple? — There were some people that lived very comfortably in the King's Bench that don't know how to live now.

But what would you call them now ? — Rioters.'

They were so far rioters that they burnt down your peaceable and quiet habitations ? — I have not lived so well since as I did there.

Did he come out from his imprisonment by the fame means that you did ? — No; he dined with me that day; he was not a prisoner then.

How long had he been discharged ? — -Five or six month?, I think.

And he came and dined with you that day ?- -Yes, on the 7th of June.

What time did you part that evening ? — When the rioters cantc in to co the mif-chits that they did.

Then

I

L

f 52 3

Then you parted ? — We might fee one another at intervals.

Did you fee one another afterwards ? — Several times.

Did you make an appointment to take a walk next day ? — There was no appointment; I slept in the Borough; Mr. Smith slept at Mr. Swales at the St. George's Coffee-House.

Do you know that he slept there that night? — Yes; becaufeMr. Swale and he and 1 were all three together, and meant to be together that night; there was only one bed; 1 gave up so far, 1 said 1 can find a bed somewhere or another.

Hat! Smith no lodging to go to; you say he had been out of prison five or six months ? — 1 {hould imagine he had a lodging, and a comfortable one by what I have heard him say.

But he preferred going to a Cost'ee-House with the prisoners to lie with them that night ? — He was very desirous to assist any body that were moving their goods, and I suppose, through fatigue, he was tired and was willing to fray there all night.

By his (laying the re he drove you out; there was not room for ali three of you ? — No, not so convenient.

But if the prisoner had gone to his own lodgings there would have been room for you? — I don't know the reason vrhy he did not go.

You went there the next morning at eleven o'clock ? — Before eleven o'clock.

And you found him there ? — I did.

Had Smith often come to dine in the King's Bench after he left it ? — He used to victual with Mr. Swaile while a prisoner, and I suppose he called through friendship to ask how he did.

Then he used to come and dine with him ? — Yes.

You went to the Ram's-head Tavern and there drank ? — Yes, we had some brandy and water.

The mob were rioting about at that time ? — I did not fee them.

You went to Mr. Gardiner's the corn-factor's ? — Yes, we went from the Ram's Head to Mr. Gardiner's.

Did you fee Mr. Gardiner r — Yes, we (laid there, I suppose bn hour.

What was your business there for an hour, he does not keep a public house ? — He is a (hanger to me, he is an acquaintance of Mr. Smith's; after we had had a shilling's worth or ten-pence worth of brandy and water and a tankard of beer at the Ram's-head, Mr. Gardiner, an acquaintance of Mr. Smith's, said, you shall go and have a glr.fs of wine along with me, and I went along with him.

So you went there and drank wine in the morning; how much did you drink ? — about two bottles.

Did Mr. Gardiner join with you? — Yes, and his lady.

His lady ? — -I take it to be his wife.

Did you look at your watch ? — I have none.'

Then it is guess work how the time passed, you drank your snare I presume?

— I drank two glades of the first bottle and of the second.

How came you to leave your friend Smith there and go intd the city: when a man is in liquor, and a mob there he might get into a fc^ape ? — I was not his keeper, if he had chosen to have gone with me he might.

Where he went you do not know ? — No.

The mob was in the street ? — Apparently there was indeed; I saw pillows and things flying about.

WILLIAM SMITH

I am a hatter.

How long have you known the prisoner.

'I knew him when he lived at Mr. Dorien's the banker.

Was you in Tooley-flrect at the time of this riot ? — I was under the gateway that leads into Toolcy-street.

How far is that from Connolly's? — It is a little slanting across the street.

Is it in fight of the (pot where the mob was ?- — It is.

Did you fee the prisoner there ? — No.

What time was you there? — That was att noon; I was backwards and forwards all the time* coming every now and then

to

---

[ 5

' to fee what was pafung, and let my wife

and family at home know what was doing. Treats vOur knowledge of the prisoner, and the situation in which you flood, if lie had been active mn'l not you have Iren him ? — 1 mull have Urn him.

What h as been' his general character

I have never heard any thing to prejudice his character } I. always heard a veiv good character -of him. My brother keeps a very genteel house, and I have spent evenings with him there.

And he is a man of credit ? — I have heard so, I never hid any dealings with him.

CropExamination.

You went from your own iioule to pret-tv near the place where the house was pulling riotsn? — Yes.

And you think it the prisoner had been

there you mult have lien him? — 1 was backwards and forwards, if he had been pulling down the house I mult have seen him.

C'sunji'! for the Prisoner. If he had been active 'mult not you have fern him ? — Yes,

' there was a fellow with a rattle, another hud an image and a flag, but I did not fee the prisoner W'th it.

C.urfel for the Crown. What do you

mean by laying if he hud been active you mult have seen him, whafdo vou mean by being active ? — Fulling the place dawn.

I suppole when the people were pulling down the hou feyou could look into the rooms and fee what was doing the re ? — Yes, but i saw nobody that I knew in the house.

Counfetfor the Prisoner. On account of the seene of confusion there from the de- i diroving the hbufe, I doubt hot but you was

exceedingly fhockt'd a‘ the fight, and therefore would' have taken notice if there had been any one active in ft ? — -Yes 1 should,

"I had'a next door neighbour with me; I -JYd,i what a pity it is they do not knock these men on the head.

Court. How long is it since the prisoner lived with Mr. JDoii.-n ? — Seven or eight years ago, he was clerk there.

Did you fee the soldiers at Connolly's ? — Some foot soldiers came up the Maze, to

Fart III*

3 J

go into Tocley-flrtet j and I saw fonie her Ilmen.

How mam' horsemen were there — I do not know; I did not court them.

Do you recollect what happened when the horsemen came tfc e ? — No, there was a buzzing about th^c they had thrown a brick bat upon one of the soldiers.

' Did you fee the mob go homer — No.

Court. Did you fee a brickbat rhrow'n? — No, I heard of it; it was whilst I was gone home to let. them know how things were going on.

' BENJAMIN SCOTT

Do you know the piiloner: — Yes.

D:d you know him before ? — I did.

Was you p re font at this riot ? — I was.

; If he h..d been a forward or leading man, a captain, heading this mob, fiiouid you have seen him should have seen him.

Crop Examination.

Where were you ? — I was three times in Tooley-flrect during the riot.

Where did you go to when you returned again ? — Down to Battle-bridge flairs where I work; I am a waterman.

How long did you flay at your boat before you came and took another look ? — An hour or so.

And then went back to your boat again ? — Yes.

How long did you flay the second time, wras it an hour ? — I suppose so.

And then you came and took another peep ? — Yes.

Did you look at the house to fee what inifehtef was d»ne ? — I was looking at it at the first of it; I went up to the top of the lane when the mob came.

You was attentive to fvc the people pulling down the house? — Yes.

Did you take notice of the people that were {landing about ? — -Yes, but I did not fee Smith there.

You saw what was going on? — Yes, and I saw a cart load of goods going 'ong.

Perhaps you fallowed it to the fire ? O ‘ — No,

r 54- j

--No, 1 did net, I 'was in a public house at the time.

.. DOLTON

1 keep die OtvCr-pirk Codce-House; I have known Mr. Smith between four and five years; t have been oit.cn in his company and always found him a lair honed jnan; he has dealt with me for many pounds; I always found him a man of a fair character; he has been unfortunate.

He has beer, an unfortunate man but an honed one? — I always found him so.

PETER CRANKE

I believe you are a Wine Alcrchant ? — -J am; I have known him from eight to ten years.

"What character has he borne in general ? — A very good one.

1 I believe he has been in business hitn-lUf.? — He has.

During the time he was in business did you conhdci him so for a man of credit, that you would put any confidence in him to any amount ?-' — I have advanced him money, and fruited him with goods to the amount of 8oo or qoo/. at a time; he always maintained a good character.

You fold him svine ? — Yes.

He was a wine merchant himself? — Yes, but not an importer.

ZACHARIAH GISBORNE

I have known the prisoner eight or nine years, he has a very good general character; I never heard any body give him a "bad one in my life; he is a feber, honed, anduftrious young fellow; I have given him credit to a great amount, and have several times lent him from 4C0 to 1000l. upon his own note, which he has always punctually paid.

Was that before his misfortunes ?--- Yes.

THOMAS PEACHEY sworn.

I am an upholftorcr; I have known Mr. Smith between leven and eight years; he has borne a very good character ever

fnee I knew him; T have had dealings with him. , .

Du' he always behave like an honed man to you ? — Yes, and hA general $ha-ractcr is ymblcmished.

— - WALKER sworn.

I am a wine and brandy merchant; I have known Air. Smith between seven and eight years; he has a very good character; he was an indudrious servant, worthy of every trud that has been committed to his care; I always found him a man of ftticfc honour and integrity.

THOMAS WRIGHT sworn.

I have known Mr. Smith about six or seven years, he bears an exceeding good character; I have had some little dealings with him, and always found him a very hoped, good behaved young man; his general character has been a very good one; I know him clerk to one of the fird bank-ing-houses in London, where he bore a good character and he has done so ever fnee.

- - CHEALD

He has borne the character of a very honed sober man ever since I have known him, and I have been intimately acquainted writh him six or seven years; I never knew his character blemished before in my life. JOHN SWAILE sworn.

How long have you known Mr. WiL liam Smith ? — Eighteen years.

Coun/el/or the Crown. Yoy are the Mr. Swaile that was in prison with hitn ?. — Yes.

He adided you in moving your goods in your didrefs ? — He did.

THOMAS HARRIS

I am a grocer; I have known the on-foner about eight years; his chaiacter is an exceeding good one j he. is very much of a gentleman, and as well behaved a man as any in England.

Have you had dealings- with him ?-v — Yes, and alwas found :him man. of, a good character.

NctGihlty.

THIMtS-

r 55 j

THURSDAY, the 13th- July.

| T|]| -| It ll I

The J

Darnel Blake, Che-tjcy^ Miller.

Richard Burt, of litigat Tanner. AVm. Fhi) klc, of EghcwGent. Wm. Shirly, of Croychns Corn Chandler. Thomas Spencer, of Abir.gtr, Yeoman. Charles March, o\ Westcotc^ Yeoman.

WILLIAM INBEST, RICHARD MILLER, SAMUEL IORDAN, GEORGE FLETCHER,'ROBERT LOVELL, JOHN BERRY, ' TAMES PALMER' BEN [AMIN

Rowland, john quInton,

OLIVER JOHNSON, and ELIZABETH COLLINS, Spinster,' were in-dicled fer that they, together with an hundred other persons and more, did unlaw- . f i'lv, riotously, and tumultuously afTc ruble on the Sth of June,to the disturbance of the public peace, and did beyin to demolish and pull down the dwelling house of Lawrence Welsh, ayainlt the Hature, LAWRENCE "WELCH fivom.

What trade arc you r — By trade I am a Tanner, but I keep a public house, the sign of the Ship, in Long-lane.

You; house was visited by the mob ? —

It was, on the 7th of June, in the evening;

I gave them liquor and they went away 5 they came again about one o'clock on the Thursday morning, and then they demolished a good many things j they came a third time, about nine in the morning j they broke the things in the tap room, they went into the cellar, drawed my beer and drank it, some went up Hairs and broke what furniture was left in the rooms, and threw it out at the windows; and they Bkewile robbed me of eighteen guineas and an half in gold and some filycr, they iLstroyed dll the inside'of the houiV, find

U' R Y. . ‘;

John Street, of Cohham, Yeoman. < > John Prior, o i Auortlah', MaJuier.

John V\ cllu, of AUrtlak«sBricklayer. John, Worsfold, of tAJA}, Yeoman. Thomas Bedchamber, of GYeoman* James Galpin, of AuLhat/^ Yeoman.

part of the front5 they tote down ell ths-' wainlcots, pulled down the bar, and broke the tables and teals in the tap-room and the room adjacent; they knocked part of the house down with crows and iron bar :, they knocked out the window frames, and threw them and the feats and tables which, were left in the tap-room out into the Hreet, there they made fires and burnt them* In the room adjacent to the tap-room there were two tables, they broke them to pieces and threw them out, and what chairs were left in the parlour, they likewise threw out and burnt.

How many people d > you suppose the mob confided of ? — An hundred 1 dale say, if not more.

When the mob came first at nine in the morning did you observe any persons in particular ? — Several.

Point them out if they are among the prisoners ? — -There was Wm. InbcH, John. Berry, George Fletcher, William Miller, Robert Lovell, Samuel Jordan, Benjamin Rowland, John Quinton, Elizabeth Collins, Oliver Johnson, and' another that went by the name of Burgoyne, he is in-diifted by the name of Janies Palmer. - '

Did you fee them all tj .-re at nine in tM morning I did, I know them all well, they were all my neighbours except the gyp fey (Lovell) he lived in White-street. '

Defer 1 be in the first pLce what you faW Win. Iabefl do About nine iiuhemom-

f S«

in* Wm. Inbeft came up along with the mob.

Mixed in with the rest of the inob ? — -Yes, he came up first with the mob, he was one of the front of them, he was mixed with them; just as the mob came up he llood opposite my door, the mob came in and began to demolish my place; Inbeil flood right opposite the door, 1 heard him try go it.

How long did Inbcfl {lav there ? — I suppose a quarter of an hour, then he came in.

Did you fee him do, or hear him say any more while he was on tneoullide but it ? — No.

' Had he any thing in his hand at that time ? — I did not observe he had; from Ihence he came into the houi'c, and went into a back chamber, up one pair of stairs, there was some china and glalies upon the table and drawers, I saw him break them with a stick, then he broke the back windows, from thence he came down {lairs, went info the cedar and ciawcd fame, beer in a china mug.

Did you fee him do this ? — Yes, the cellar is upon the ground door, I itood just by the cellar door, he brought part of.it up and wanted me to drink along with him, I told him I would drink none; he went out at the door and I Gw no more of him then, but he returned again in the afternoon

O.

about four o'clock.

Have you related all you saw him do, and every thing you heard him lay while he was about your haulb at. nine o clock ? — I have, he carrie again about four in the afternoon, there was another man or. two {landing-with hirq oh the-ruins,. he asked me if there was any beer left; I laid there was;, he had a mug,"he went down and rawed >feme beer..and drank what he, thought, proper of itr. he brought some up in the mug, he afktd me if I have

(nty of it, \ J told hnu I would notg then. he) pu.is.oy be d — 1 tale,

% uboblames me <, thfm he went away; 7 wa ^fraifl of )m returning again to destruy rider tecr tjux. wab left y ‘tijgrq ypete ftxtew* or

venteen butts left; I lent over to 'Squire Trueman to fend his.drays to fetch the remainder of the beer, for fear they should dcinoliih it. lletwccn five and six o'clock 1 nbeii, Miller,.and Jordan carntby while the brewer's men were drawing the beer out of the cellar; Iifbclt had part of a bed poll in his hand, he walked by me and asked me. How do you do, how do you new,

Air. JVelch? \laid,: as as chn be ex-

pected; he rep)led, d — 1 — n my , eve have done you out and out new .* that is all I have to say of Jnbell.

Court. Was this man your neighbour ? He worked right opposite mf house.

Had you had any quarrel with him ? — Some time ago he came to my house, and infilled upon-having another man out of the house that was in company with hinv. 1 would not suffer Inbeft to come into the room; he wanted liquor; I-would not let him have any; that was all the quarrel we ever had.

Who was present when Inbeft came for the beer at,four o'clock ? — John Holme.',.

Describe what you saw the pdfoner Jordan do ? — He came up like wife along wr.b the mob, and while the mob was demo, lishing the house, Jordan "was on the opposite side of the way serving them with liquet which they carried out in pails into the {"fleet, and I saw him serve it. out to the mob in his hat, and he cried; 1 did not fee him do any thing more.

How long did you fie him there ? — The . whole time the mob continued there.

How long was the mob there which cam© at thiec o'clock? — I suppose two or three hours.

You mentioned his being in company with Inbeft at between five and six o'clock ? --- Yes; but he,mentioned nothing the n.

What did you,fee Millyr d<? ?' — Miller came up. with him; there were three comrades j they appeared like the Heads of the gang: Mi)Ier flood in the gang/ and said, go i/ ;. that is all I saw of him till the even-ingv/vhen they came again-

Why do you say he was oneof the heads?' q-^BcUUfQ h?, -Inbeft anid Joi«|iuily headed

v the

L 57 3

<be mob, and your Lordship will find by other evidence, they were the means of dc-itrqying my place.

You faiu, they came up mixed with the test ? — In the front.

Did theje three come up first, or come mixed with the others r — In the front, but rather mixed. '

Of your own knowledge you know nothing more agai 11st Miller than what you have told us now ? — No farther than coming by in the evening with Jordan and In-be it.

Did any body speak to the mob ? — I heard Mr. Gutteridge and Mr. Du vis, and several of the neighbours, who came round endeavour to peri wade the n.oD todifpcrfe on the Wednesday evening; Mr. Gutteridge was there on Thursday morning, striving to hinder them from demolishing the place. Was Mr. Gutteridge there at the time either Inbeft, Jordan or Miller were there ? — I cannot say whether he was or not.

What did you*observe Fletcher say or do? — George Fletcher came up with the mob with a stick. in his hand; and he came into the house and aiked me / any gin

left < I said, I did not know, or had not, or to that purport; he then went down into the cellar and began to drink, beer fni!yfeveral of the mob besides went with him; I had moved away all the pots I could, the rest they demolished; Fletcher afeedfor fomt pails; the mob had three of my pails amongst them; they drew out the cocks and let the beer run into the pails, and then the pails were carried out among the mob by fyme of the people; I cannot say that Fietcher in particular carried them out.

Was it out of those pails that Jordan-handed the beer about with his hat ? — I fiippose it was out of the pails, and the kegs of spirituous liquors which the others helped him to; after that, Fletcher went up into the bed-chamber, there he broke a mahogany chest of drawers, and threw them out of the window; and as he iirew them out, he hurra'd with his hat;

ere was another man in' company with

ART III.

him who had a rattle: I had eighteen

guineas and a half in gold, anu feme silver in my pocket , Fletcher.and the other huWoJ me and I loft the money out of my pocket. When Fietcher came into the > house did you observe him say any thing . r — Ho allied me if I had got any gin.

Is this all you know of Fletcher ? — He nAilled in tearing down the bedstead that stood in the recin. and the curtain* that hung to them, and threw them like wife out of the window.

Did you observe him. say or- do any thing more.? — No.

YVhat did you fee the prisoner Love*, say or do ? — Love! 2nd some more came into the tap-room; there was a bar of irox^ which supported one end of the chimney* it was fattened in the ground floor; Lovel and fume more knocked that away, and immediately the chimney dropped in.; L afterwards saw Lovel breaking the windows and the doors; I flopped him as be* came out of the tap-room, and wanted to* take the bar from Kim; he infilled I Jbou'd not have it til7 he bad done with 1., and he went away with the bar; he afterwards broke the door with -the bar and was cn-( couraging the nob by damning and swearing.

What did yuu observe Berry say or do^ — I saw him in the mob with a flick i^, his hand; he came into the tap-room; he was much intoxicated with liquor; I d» not know that he did me any injury far-; ther than drinking a little beer in the tap-room.

What did you observe the prisoner Palmer say or do ? — Palmer was in the mob at the fire, he was vastly drunk indeed* and he threw some little matters into,the fire; I have known him a long time and do not believe he would have, been guilty* of it if he had been sober; I did not fee him in the house*

What did he throw into the fire ? — Some curtains that were flung out of the front bed-chamber in which I lay.

What did you observe Quinton do ? — I law him in the mob very much in liquor, P with

[ 58 ]

with a stick in hTs hand; but I do not know that he did any damage farther than drinking the liquor; 1 did not fee him in the house.

Did Qumton and Palmer behave decently and quietly ? — I did not fee them do any thing other than throwing a little matter of things into the fire.

Court. 1 observe, you repeat again and again that they were very much in liquor; I must inform you, that you are not to come here to load one man with' guilt and favor another, you are to/peak the whole truth of every one f — Neither of these three were in the house but Berry, he came into the tap-room and drank a little beer but did not go backwards to my knowledge.

Did you fee Quinton do any thing while he was out of the house ? — No farther than drinking beer.

What was he about all the time ? — He was in the mob with a stick in his hand. '

What did you observe the prisoner Johnson say or do r — He came up with the mob to the door with a Rick in his hand; he came into the house, went down into the cellar, ditw some beer and drank it; from thence he proceeded up to the bar; he found a keg of liquor there, he drank at the bung hole; then he carried; the keg out into the Rreet; he drank to that excess of it that he went to the pump, laid his head again lb it, and was obliged to vomit.

Did you observe him do any thing more ? — No farther than hurraing in the ifreet when the things were thrown out and burning; he hurra'd and waved his hand.

What did you observe Collins do -She came up along with the mob or rather before them; she had a stick in her hand, and had neither hat or bonnet on; when she stoped at my door all the mob came up, she entered the house along with part of them she went down into' the cellar and drived beer into the pails

and gave it about to the mt>K; die wenb up stairs, there were some caps and handkerchiefs and such things belonging ta my wife, she put them all into her apron and her pockets; she said, to

five them for mey but when I went to take them from her, she would not let me have them, and I took those that were in her apron by force, the rest she carried away in her pockets; when she had done that, she said, ive have done enough to now xvr. willgo over to his brother's. My

brother keeps the sign of the King's-head in the fame lane, within about an hundred or an hundred and fifty yards of my house; that, was all I knew of her; she' went out When the things were all dcfrio-lished, and then she went oft with the* mob to my brother. 1

Was any mischief done at; your brother's ?--- There was on the fame day.

CrcfsExamination.

You live in Long lane ? — I do.

Mr. Griffin lives in the fame lane?--- He does on the'other side of my house.

Mr. Savignac, who these men work for, lives I believe fronting your house? — Yes. >' - -

So that in going from Mr. Griffin's favour brother's they mud pass by your h»use ? — Certainly they mud.

The mob had been I believe at your brother's ? — Yes.'

They had done some little damage there, but not much ? — I believe not much.

Court. Had they been at your brother's before they came to your heuse ? — They (were there the night before, and the; morning before I believe.

Counsel for the Prisoner. And the mob-had threatened Griffin's who keeps a public house, the sign of Simon the Tanner ? — Yes, on Wednesday night a man amongst the mob pulled out'a paper, and laid, namexuas chivn in the lift.

When the mob came, how many might there be of them ? — I suppose upwards of an hundred.

You y'as a good deal terrified, and

alarmed,

alarmed,* fer your lift ns well as your pr perty ?--- Ct:rainIy I v,':is, j'

Then can you recol|ecV, ‘ so well, the particular persons that came in ? — l hate known them for years, particularly Miller and Jordan. '

D;d you go up and down .^hc house with Jnbefr, Miller -and Jordan ? — Neither Miller nor Jordan came into the house, only Inbeft.'

Did notyou say, just now, that Jordan came into the house ?--'-No; 1 did not mention that he came into the house.

Was there hot a great noift- in the street, at this time/-. — There was, at times, as they threw the goods out.

And you continued in your house ? — No, I did not; I was backwards and forwards; sometimes put at the door, feme-times indoors.

You said you went, with one man, down into the cellar ? — 1 did.

There was a number of people there There were fcv'eral in the cellar, and (eve-rr.l in the tap-room, Suit backwards and forwards.

Then you went up with them into the bedchamber? — I did, with some of them.

Was not all this done at the' fame time ? No; it took up two or three hours: it was from nine o'clock^ -'till twelve.

And you was cool enough to go about with them to the different places to which they went? — I went tofeveral places with them.

Jordan and Miller were never in the house, but stood on the opposite side of the way i — They stood on the opposite side of, the way.

None but Inbeft came in ? — Yes.

He was going by at four o'clock, was he not ? — Yes.

Did you, for these two or three hours, remain on the fame spot ?- — I was not out of it while they were doing the mifehitf j only going to the door, to the tap-room and chamber, and so along with them.

How Could you well fee the persons who stood on the opposite side of the way ? — Certainly I could, when I came w the door.

50 3

r

But, if there was a ir.cb there, could you fee people on the othar side of the way ? — I saw them, and level al. other people bolides; I law them far ing the liquor about, which made me remark them.

Your brother'* house, I bdj :vc,' was laved that night ? — It was.

And laved by these very people, was it not ? — I am informed so by (cwral of the neighbours.

Did not yourb;other tel! you so? — No.

Are not your brother and you upon good tains?--- We* have not ipokc to me another some time, thou ih we have not had an angry word these twenty years.

As to Inbeft, you and he have h?.d some quarrel before ? — No farther, than that he came into my house to quarrel with am.ui there; I did not chuse to draw hint any* liquor.

I believe there was not one of these men that used your house ?. — They did not.

Neither Inbeft, Jordan nor Miller, made life of your house at all ? — No y they might come in, now and then, to have a pint, but very fddom; they don't use my house, in common.

But, I suppose, Palmer, Quinton, and Berry, do? — At times, they do; ! don't know that Quinton ever was in the house, in my life $ but Berry has been several times.

‘ Your house was, I believe, threatened on Wednesday ?- — It was.

Whothreatened it ? — Someof my neighbours told me, they heard it in St. George's Fields that my house was to come down.

None of the prisoners came to tell you that ? — None, that I know of; they did not then do me any damage; they went up stairs, and saw a Bible and Common prayer book in the room; they said information was -wrong; they said my neighbours bad jent them.

Do you know Mrs. Rowe ? — Yes.

Is ihe related to any of the prisoners ? Yes; she is ftfter-in-law to Quinton.

Have you ever had ary conversation With her relative to Quinton ? — i have. What was it r- — She allied me if I knew

himj

t a

him; 1 said I had never known that he Was her brother-in-law, 'till the day he was taken.

Is that all the conversation you had with her ? — Yes; she spoke to me feveraf times, desiring me to shew him whai. lenity I could; I said, I couid say no more than I had sworn to.

Is that all the conversation you had with her ?- — A$ far as I know, it is. I have known her for years.

How long have you been acquainted with Berry? — For years.

He has been a conlbnt customer at your house ? — At times, the same as other neighbours. ;.....*,

What was his behaviour ori. this day when he Came to your house ? — He was very much fuddled.

But was his behaviour civil and decent? — I saw no great harm in him, but drinking the beer in the tap-room, and he had a stick in his hand; I do'nt know that he did any mischief whatever.

JOHN HOLMES I am a Tanner, and live in Long-lane.

Do you remember' on the Thursday morning, and about what time, meeting with a mob in Kent-street? — Yes, it was at about half past nine o'clock.

What number of persons do yo.ii think you met there ? — There might be forty or fifty, or more.

Did you hear any thing said by any mart in particular in that mob ? — f did*; Mr. Inbcft, who was among them, asked the mob ta go down into Long-Lane to pull down

Lawrence Welsh's house, the sign of the Ships

Was any answer made by any body ? — -They made no answer at all, but went along with him: I went directly to Mr. Welsh and told him of it, and advised him to take care of what things he could for they were coming to pull his house down.: r got there before the mob.

jDid you stay till the mob came ? — I (laid there from the mob's coming till they went aWay.

Are there any persons you recoiled amongst that mob whom you can speak to ? — Never a one that I can speak to except Inbeft.

Had

The FOURTH PART of the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Rioters, Was Published this Morning (Price SIX-PENCE.)-

DEDICATED (with Penniflion) to the KING,

B R A c H Y G R A P H Y;

Or, An easy and compendious System of Short-Hand, adapted

(After more than Forty Years Practice) to the various Sciences and Profdfions,

By the late Mr. THOMAS GURNEY.

The NINTH EDITION, considerably improved according to the profent Method,

By his Son and Successor, JOSEPH GURNEY,

(WRITER OF THESE PROCEEDINGS)

Sold (Piite Half a-Guinea) by M. Gueney, No. 34, Yenple-har.

The Book is a sufficient Infiru&or of itself, but if any Difficulties occur they shall be removed upon Application to the Author without any additional Expence.

* Trials at Law, and Arguments of Counsel are taken in Short-Handt by J. GURNEY.

_____

-- - — --- _7_

rh' e

P R O C E ED I N G S

' ON THE

KING's Special Ctimmission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry,

H E L D A T

s: St. - M A R G A R E T 'S' - II I L L,:

On Monday the 10th of July, rySo, and the following Days;

BEFORE

The Right Ham ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH-Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir. HENRY GOULD, Knight, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas j.

The Hon, Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of hu Majesty's Court of Exchequer; ,

A N t>

The Horn FRANCIS BULLER, one of tho JufUces of his

Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

Taken in SHORT-HAND (with PermiUion of the Coart)

By JOSEPH , G U R N E' Y,:

Short-Hand-Writer at the Session in the Old Bailer.

- - — . -. — i i ii 0 m — i mm mm

PART IV.

LONDON:

Printed for JOSEPH' GURNEY,

And Sold by M. GURNEY, No. 34, Bill-Yard, near T ?;/>/*-Z?jrv

M.DCC.i-XA*

[PRICE SI X-PEN C E. J.

-- ' by

P R

S

THE

O C E E D I N G

O N T H E

K I N G's Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer

lor the County of Surry, &c.

[Continuation of the Trial of William Inbeft, Richard Miller, Samuel Jordan, George

Fletcher, Robert Lovefl, John Berry, James Palmer, Benjamin Rowland, John Quinton, Oliver Johnson, and Elizabeth Collins. ]

HA D you known Inbeft before ? — Yes; when the mob came Inbeft was with them.

Did you observe him do any thing, or hear him say any thing when they came ? — 1 heard him say nothing at all.

Did you fee the mob do any thing in the house ? — No, never a one.

You say you staid there the whole time ? — I was in the bar with Mr. Welsh; I Jaw Inbeft go into the cellar and draw the liquor.

Did you fee any thing done to the house «r furniture? — His house was pulled down; his windows pulled out, and all his things that were left in the house were broken to pieces; I saw ir.best go into Mr. Welsh's cellar, and draw his liquor; he drank of it, and offered it to one of the mob. to drink; that was all I saw him do there.

Did you fee him after that in the course that day? — I did-not. - -

Court. How could you fee what was pa/ling in the cellar ? — I flood by the cellar door next to the bar with Mr. Welsh.

What time of day do you think this war ? — I think it was between eleven and twelve o'clock.

Did you fee Inbeft any time in the afternoon ? — I dkl not l'cc him again.; Was you with Welsh any more that

day ? — I was with him in the afternoon about fiv,e o'clock.

What happened then ? — I saw nothing happen at all then, only the brewer's men carrying the beer off.

Did any of the people that had been there in the morning come there then I did not fee any of them come there at that time.

Cross Examination.

You remained with Lawrence Welsh the whole time, did not'vou ? — I did.

JOHN NEALE

What business are you — A labourer.

Do you know the ship in Long-lane ? — I do.

Was you there at the time the mob came ? — I was.

What time was that ? — To the best of my opinion it was about nine o'clock.

Did you observe any of the prisoners at the bar there ? — I did not take particular notice just at the time the mob came.

At any time while they were there, did you observe any of the prisoners ? — Yes, I observed Mr. Inbeft, John Berry, George'Fletcher,'and James Palmer.

What-did you . observe the prisoner Inbeft say or do whilst you was there ? — After some of the mob were pacified in

the

r *3 j

the house, and were going to desist from ' Mr. Welsh's, I saw Inbeft take one min in particular, that seemed to be like at the head of the rhob j he took him by the shoulder and bid him he laid,

jd.rnn you, go it, for I know better than yen;

1 saw him afterwards towards the latter end of the riot come into Mr. Welsh's house i he laid, Mr. Welsh, let me have Jouie beer $ Mr. Welsh laid, there was I'ome beer in the cellar. There was a china mug there which had a piece broken out of it; Inbeft took it, went into the cellar arid came back with some beer, to my opinion about half a pint in the mug; he handed it, to a^man who is in the court now whose name is Evans; 1 did not observe him do any thing more I saw him no more that day.

W hat did you observe Fletcher say or do?--- All I saw him do, was going into the cellar and drawing some beer.

What time of day was that ? — It was whiifi the mob was there, it was between twelve and one I believe.

Did you observe Berry do any thing ? - — -I did not fee him do any thing in the house; I saw him Hand in the mob with a biudgeon in his hand.

Did you hear him say any thing ? — I no ver heard him say a word.

Had you seen either of these people be-fidcs Inbeft with the mob before on that day ? — No, never before of that day.

Do you know whether Berry, Fletcher, or Palmer came along with the rest, or did they come by themselves I cannot tell, I did not fee them come with the mob, for I was in the house moving some of the things at the time the mob came to the door. ‘

What did you observe Palmer say or Jo ? --- I saw him at the cjme the things were throwing out of the window take some curtains which a woman was attempting to -run away with, and throw them on the f.re.

Did he do this more th in once ? — r That once in particular, L took notice o:.

Did you hear him speak?--! did observe him speaking, I believe he said, go it, hut I cannot be positive to what he said, he seemed to be in liquor.

Did vou observe Lovell there ? — I saw him take some. brickbats to the window case, and shaking it endeavour to pull it down; he had an iron bar or bludgeon, but I can't tell which, in his hand.

Cross Examin

You are a countryman of Mr. Welsh's, an Irishman ? — I am.

There was a deal of noise and disturbance from the mob ? — They were mak-king a groat deal of noise at times, and at other times they were blent enough.

Inbeft did nothing but go down into thu cellar and drink some beer? — Nothing.

How many people do you suppose there might be in the tap-room? — Sometimes more, sometimes less.

There were a large number of people ? — They were scattered over the house.

What was the behaviour of Berry ? ——

I saw him do nothing at all.

Had he a stick in his hand He had.

Was it a small stick ? — It was not a very large one, he seemed to be in liquor, at the time X mentioned he flood in the house doing nothing.

Court. You said it was a bludgeon A stick or a biudgeon is all the fame.

Should you call a stick oi this size (a wand) a bludgeon ? — No.

What was the thickness of the stick ? —

It wasabput this fhickneis, it to

be about an inch diameter.)

Was it a walking stick ? — No, it wa-> about three quarters of a yard long.

What was your occasion for taking no tice of this flick if the man's behaviour was peaceable? — Bc^aufc he was a particular acquaintance of Mr. Welsh's, and I thought it hard that he fheuid stand there and fee the things demolished as they were.

Perhaps his intention might be to assist Mr. \\ ckh ? — I cannot say any thing to that.

f H I

Court.You think it might ? — ft might for what I know.

LAWRENCE DONHOUGH

Were you present at Mr. Welsh's during any part and what part of this riot ? — When the mob came up 1 was at Mr. Welsh's door waiting for their coming up; Inbeft: came up almost ten minutes after the mob.

Arc there any persons here you remember coming up with the mob ? — Not with the moH, but after the mob; there are no persons here that I remember coming up at first v'ith the mob.

What time of day are you speaking of f ‘ — About nine in the morning.

What did you observe Inbeft do or say ? — T he mob was going away three different times from Mr. Welsh's house, hut Inbeft fa/id to them, go I know him tq he a Papiji.

Did you observe him any time after* wards '--- Yes', 1 saw him in the houseafterwards, he enquired his way up stairft. ‘

Did you observe him do any thing in thfc houl'e ? — No.

Do you remember seeing him afiy time after that r — Yes, I met him in Barnaby-street about three hours after that, Inbeft flopped me, and another man he flopped me, Patt Dunn, and statt Finikin t Inbeft had a bed's foot in his hand; they collared

us, and made us cry, no popery.

Did any thing more pals *No, that is all I know.

Do you remember seeing any other of the prisoners there ? — Yes, Mr. Berfy, I law him in the mob, with a stick in his hand.

What li/.cd stick. ? — About half a yard long, and it might be not quire so thick as a pet ion's wrist, I observed nothing more of him.

Did you fee any other of the prisoners in the mob r — Yes, Samuel Jordan, he was serving the liquor about to the mob in his

bat, and I saw this man who goes by the name of Burgoynbut 1 did not observe him do any thing; there was a ivat thrown our of Mr. Welsh's house, burgoyne was go,ng to make it his own property, but

another man took it from him, and threw* it into the fire.

Do you know any other of the prisoners ? — Yes, this young man (Quinton) he is a tanner, I knew him well by fight,

-I saw him in the mob, but i saw him doing* nothing but running Op and down with % stick in his hand, fiu seemed to be rejoiced*

Did you hear him make any noise or hurra?: — I did not hear him say any thing.

Croft Examin.

What was Berry's behaviour ?--He waft in the mob.

Were there a great many people in the mob besides him f — Yes, he had a stick m his hand.

Did be do any thing with that stick ? — -Not that I law; he was very quiet.

Do you think he came there as a spedlq-for ? — He might for what I know.

1 You say you law Quinton there, but you did not fee him do any thing ? — I only saw him with a stick in his hand.

Were there a great many people there that did not do any mischief toMr. Welsh's house ? — Yes.

And he was there a speeftaror ?-Yes.

And there were a great many other people in the fame situation ? — Yes, the re weie a great many people looking on who were doing no mischief.

Among these Quinton was one ? — He Was.

Court. Do you mean to say that Quin- ton and Berry were no part of the meb ? — --I can't say, I did riot fee them do an halfpenny-worth of mischief.

ANDREW NEALE

I am a Tannef, in Long-lane.

Do you know the Ship ale-house ?---

Yes.

Were you there at the time the mob were there? — I was.

Did vou observe any body there whom you knew? — Yes, Jofin Quinton, William Inbeft, and Samuel Jordan.

Did you fee any other person there whom you knew ? — No. '

What did you observe Inbeft favor <Jo there? — -T he mob dispersed, and w, re

'going

going away the third time, he fiid,

with it, down with itdown with it, go it,

go it, it is ti pnpiji hottfe, and a house.

What time was that ? — In the forenoon, after break fast, I am vot particular to the hour, I had no watch; I did not fee him do or say any thing else.

What did you observe Jordan say or do

- — He was a part of the mob that came up, he ran up to them, he held his hat, and one of the mob poured the liquor into it, which he drank himself.

Did he drink it all himself? — I do not know that.

What did you observe Quinton say or' do ? — I saw him take a keg of liquor out of Mr. Welsh's house, he carried it into the street, drank out of the bung hole, and cried out, no popery, then he gave the liquor to the mob; I did not hear him say any thing else.

Cross Examination.

You are aii Irishman, likewise ? — Yes.

Jordan was drinking some liquor out of his hat ? — Yes, one of the mob gave it him out of a keg, he ran up to the mob, held his hat, and the mob poured it out of the bung hole into it, and he drank it.

Was you in Mr. Welsh's house All this time ? — No, in the street.

Where do you live ?t — In Long-lane.

Do you know Quinton at all ? — *-Ycs,

I know him, being one of the trade, he is a Tanner.

Does he work with the fame matter you work with ? — He docs tiot.

What time did you fee him there first ? — In the morning after breakfast.

You saw him drink some liquor out of a keg ? — Yes, which he brought out of the street door himself, he drank out of the bung hole of the keg.

How many kegs were there brought out, did you observe more than one ? — I ob» served no keg but that one.

Were there many others taken out I saw no other taken out.

PETER LENHAM sworn.

I am a Tanner.

Was you present during any part of the Paat IV,

*5 ]

time Mr. Welsh's house was attacked ? — Yes, I was there at nme o'clock, arid saw most of the prisoners there, I saw George Fletcher, Mr. Berry, Mr. Jnbcft, Mi. Quinton, Mr. Jordan, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Miiler, and the woman prisoner, I do net know her name.

Where d'd you fee them first ? — In the middle chamber, I was at work when they came there, they were there before me.

Do vpu remember seeing Inbcftdo or say any thing? — I saw him go into the house and come out in alhorttime, but I did not Ice any particular aft done by him.

At the time you saw him go in and come out what were the mob doing ? — Throwing the things out at the window.

Did you fee Jordan employed in any manner ? — He was serving liquor to some people out of the crown of his hat; what spirits it was I cannot tell: I observed Fletcher throwing out at the window of the middle room oh the first floor, 'a mahogany chtft of drawers which were broken, he \yas throwing the pieces out.

Did he accompany that with anyexprefftons ? — Not that I heard, I did not go into the house, I only walked to and fro.

Did you observe Miller do or say any thing in particular ? — No, I saw him there, but did not fee him do any thing.

Is there any thing particular that you can say against any others of the prisoners whom I have not asked you to ? — Nothing in particular.

K

Cross Examination.

Inbeft just went into the house and came out again ? — Yes, he was not long in.

You staid the whole time ? — Yes,* I was backwards and forwards; I walked may be twenty or thirty yards, and then came back again; I lodged in the house, and I was in some trouble at seeing these things.

Where did you fee the woman ? — In the middle of the chamber.

Did you hear her say any thing, or fee her do any thing ? — No, nothing.

Did yoil fee any other people in the house ?--I know no more of them.

JR OWEN

OWEN MACARTEY sworn.

Do you know Mr. Welsh's house r — Yes.

Was you there when the mob came ? — -The mob was there before I came; I went there as near as I can tell at half after ten o'clock; the mob were then setting fire to the goods and were throwing the things out of the house.

Do you know any of the persons who were there ? - — Yes, I knew George Fletcher; 1 knew several of them, but I did not fee any other so particularly as Fletcher; I law him up in the one pair of flairs room throwing the things out.

Did you observe ,what the things were?- — No, they were thrown out to the mob who put them into the fire.

Did you observe Fletchci do any thing else ? — He took oft' his hat and huzza'd at the window in the house, and then he came out with some liquor in his hat, which he gave to the mob.

Did you observe any thing more? — -No.

Did you observe any of the other prifo-iters there ? — Yes, this man .(Johnson) and this woman (Collins): I saw Johnson with a flick in his hand backwards and forwards, and the woman wanted him to go along with her to pull down the King's-head j the King's-head is a little way from the ship , it is kept by Patrick Welsh who is brother to Laurence Welsh.

What was it she said to him ? — along, come along, now for the King's-head, down with the King's-head.

What time was that ? — This was within I supposea quarter of eleven o'clock; I saw Johnson backwards and forwards with a flick* be said* more of them shall come down to night.

What was he doing with the flick ?--« I did not fee him do any thing with the flick, but he was, very busy ordering the mob about; there was a man with a rattle, and another with a flag, and this woman was along with the flag and the rattle.

Did yotl fee her do any thing ? — I saw her dragging the things to the fire along with the rest.

Did you observe any other of the pri-fonets there ? — I saw James Palmer dragging the goods towards the fire; particularly I saw the woman throw some of Mr. Welsh's curtains into the fire.

Cross Examination.

You are an Irifliman too? — Yes, t was born there.

This liquor that was in his hat, was it brought out in the hat or given to him in the ltrect ? — Given to him in the street.

You said just now, he brought it out of the house in his hat ? — He brought It out of the house in his hat into the street.

Do you mean that he brought it out iq his hat, or did he put it into his hat in the street ? — He brought it out in his hat in this manner (describing it.)

Did you know Palmer before ? — Yes, he worked in the fame yard where I do, as a labouring man.

All you saw him do was putting some curtains upon the fire ? — Yes.

You saw the woman tempt Johnson to go to the King's-head ? — Yes.

But he did not go I — No, he staid where he was.

Do you know Johnson ?- — I can't say I knew him before that day to my knowledge: I took notice of him that day, because he said, more should come down.

There was a vast number of people there ? — There was.

I should think it rather difficult to six upon a person you never saw before ? — I knew him special wellsuppose I should fee you again after this day 1 should know you.

Counfl. I should rather think not. — But I would not say if I did not.

It is not an easy matter to recoiled a man you never, £aiw but once in your life, and that in a mob ? — A man that is chief commander it b more likely to take notice

of. i , .;

Chief

Chief commander ! I never heard that before ? — He said that more of them should come down that night.

Are you sure he l'aid that ? — Yes, I am.

Was it him or the woman said so ?- — Him, the woman wanted him to go along with her.

There were a great number of people of you assembled at Mr. Wclch's house ? - — There was a great many people about.

Almoll all Irishmen I suppose f — 'There arc a great many as good Irishmen as English I suppose; if they had been Turks or Jews it was a cruel thing to fee these things going forward.

There were a great many Irishmen there ? — There were all countries, I suppose, we shall hear of some Irishmen in these matters as well as Englishmen.

EDWARD BREAKSPEAR sworn.

Was you present at any time when Mr. Welsh's house was attacked ? — Yes.

What paper have you got there ? — A paper given me Ell night, that if I gave evidence against George Fletcher, two men would take me up before night and prosecute me.

Who are those two men? — I know them very well.

Who gave you that paper ? — These are the names of the twro men that threatened

me.

Court. Who gave you the paper ? I took their names down upon that paper.

Who gave you the names ? Mr, Welsh wrote one name, another gentleman another.

shall you know the men when you fee them agam ? — Yes.

What are you 7 — -A Tanner.

What time in the ptiorning was you at Mr. Welsh's hpufe ?-^-Between nine and ten o'clock.

Who do you remember to have seen there?- — I did not fee any one that t knew to make a remark of but Fletcher. Where did you Ice him hilt Ia the

entry; there is a long passage in the house i afterwards 1 fuw him in the front room up one pair of flairs; he was there among the ref! of the rioters, and I saw him break a piece oft' one of the drawers of a chest of drawers and chuck it out at the window; that ia all I saw him do to my knowledge.

Were there any other people in the room at that time ? — Yes, there were numbers in the room destroying the effc£ls at the same time, but none that I could be certain that I knew.

PATRICK DUNN sworn.

I am a tanner in Long-lane.

Was you at the Ship the time the mob were there ? — I was opposite the door.

Do you know Fletcher ? — I do, I saw him in the one pair of flairs room of Laurence Welsh's house; I saw him throw some things out at the window, and he took his hat off and held it out of the window, and he waved it in this manner (describing it.)

Do you know any thing of Collins

1 am not quite sure as to the woman, but I think it is she that that I saw there.

' THOMAS SHANNON sworn.

I am a tanner.

Were you at Mr. Welsh's house any part of the morning when the mob was-

there ?-----1 was there, as near as I

can recollect, between the hours of nine and ten till eleven or twelve, arrd so forth.

Do you know Fletcher ? — I do.- I saw him there in the middle of the room of the first flory; I law him put his hand out of the window with his hat in it, and he huzza'd,

Did you know his person before ?--I did* / Do you know Elizabeth Collins?* — Ido.

Did you know her before that day ? — I did. I saw her among the mob j I heard her say, d* — n,my eyes, or words to that cff«&, i vthave dsn*e here, ift us g*

from

n

from hence ii Patrick lior tc his ther'ss I don't know which.

W ho did fhc say that to ? — I do not know that fhc laid it to any body in particular; llie said it among the mob.

How were the mob employed at the time flic used that expression ? — A good many were coming away j some were stili pulling the house down.

SAMUEL WRIGHT sworn.

I am a bricklayer. I heard the mob was at Mr. Welsh's; I walked down the lane as far as Mr. Welsh's house at about half an hetrr after ten or near eleven o'clock;

1 took notice of one man, that is Rowland; he was very busy receiving the goods as they were thrown from the windows, and throwing them upon the fire and destroying and breaking of them.

Had you known him before ? — No; I never saw him, to my knowledge, before that day.

Cross Examination.

You never had seen Rowland before ? —

I saw him the fame morning before that* but 1 do not know that I ever saw him before that day.

Counfelfor the Crown. Where did you fee him before on that morning ? — He was at the destroying of the Cage, which adjoins Bermondsey church-yard wall, at the corner of Long-lane; that was in the morning at about half after three; my brother called me up and said my house would come down if I did not get up; there was a great mob there busy in breaking the Cage down and destroying it.

THOMAS EVANS

I am a milkman.

Were you at any time onThurfday morning at Mr. Welsh's ? — I was.

Did you fee either of the prisoners there ? Yes, Benjamin Rowland; I saw him in the mob destroying some chairs and tables which were thrown out at the orje-pair of '"flairs of Mr. Welsh's house.

Did you know the person of Rowland before?' — Yes, I did.-

What was the mob doin£ at the time he fvas destroying those chairs and tables ? —

Some were in the house knocking the inside or the wamfcoiing to pieces with an iron bar and crow, and throwing the things out and burning them; they made three bonfires of them.

Cross Examination.

Are you related to John Evans ? — No.

Do you know him ? — No.

Was you at this place during the whole time this house was destroying ? — Yes, I was there in the morning; I have been used to the house fourteen or fifteen years; I used to drink there; I was there before the mob came, and 1 thought of no harm when I saw this; my life was thieatened about it; I wish I had not seen it, becaulc I am in danger of my life for speaking the truth.

Court. You need not apprehend any danger from speaking the truth ? — I have the names of six people in my pocket, who have threatened.my life.

How do you know they threatened your life ? — They have told me they would knock me'on the head some night or other.

Court, if you can make out that charge against any one* go to a justice of peace and make information of it, and he will take care you shall not be hurt.

JOHN HOLYER

I am a tanner.

Was you at Mr. Welsh's on Thursday morning when the mob was there ? — I was not there when the mob came; I went there about half after one in the morning, and I was there afterwards when the mob came again, between nine and ten in the morning

Did you fee the prisoner Johnson there ? — I did.

Inform the Court what you observed him say or do ? — When I got up in the morning I came to Mr. Welsh's door the first person I saw was Johnson, he came out with a keg of liquor j the liquor was poured out into pint and half-pint pots, and distributed amongst the.J>ebple»

What time was this ? — -About ten; that was all I saw at that time;

When did you fee Johnson again ? — The next morning \ one of my neighbours

called

r 69 1

called me in to see the house; Johnson was-then {landing at one of the butts calling for pots.

What was the mob doing at that time, were they destroying the furniture and dc-moiishing the house ? — They had begun then.

How soon afterwards did they begin to attack the house? — - I suppose ip. twenty minutes or thereabouts: I was backwards and forwards to my own house to keep my family in as well as I could.

There was, I suppose, a pretty general alarm in the neighbourhood ? — - Yes; for nobody knew whole house was to come down.

How long did Johnson remain there ? — The t:mc I saw him was not above ten minute? at moil.

Do you know whether he staved there or went away ? — I do not knew, I went thro' the house when 1 saw him in the cellar, then I went home to my family.

Did you fee him do any thing else, either in the house or out of the house ? — No, I cannot say L did.

Na thaniel nicholls, e/9.

You are in the commission of the peace for the county ? — I am.

Were you in any part of Thursdav morning near Mr. Welsh's hoitle ? — I was pretty near an hour within twenty-five yards of it.

Do you know the prisoner Johnson ? — Yes; I saw him go into Mr. Welsh's house, and come out three or four times; the Dll time, which I think was the fourth time, he brought out a keg with something in it, and a half-pint pot, he gave liquor to the populace, and drank feme himself, which made him very sick; he drew towards me, there was a pump, he leaned his head against the pump and puked a good dcui; it came out of his mouth like water, half a pint, I suppose, or more; he drew nearer to me, then he eroded the road and fa id, d — n my eyej, there shall bs everal eo n: dm n to night;. soon afterwards they went back again to the K.ing's-head,

Part IVT

JOHN WRIGHT

What time on the Thurldav morning' were you at Mr. Wdeh's ? — About half after ten o'clock.

Do you know the-prisoner Johnson? --- Yes; 1 am lure i law him there, he was very much fuddled; I saw him take a chair out of another man's hand, and throw it upon the fire; he did not throw it far enough on the fire; another man put it farther on; Johnson was taken very ill, and reached against the purnpi Crofi Examination.

He took a chair out of.another man's hand, threw it beyond the fire, and another man teck it and threw it on ? — He did not throw it on the fire lwmfek'.

Court. How did you defenbe it r — Somebody brought a chair out, he took it out of his hand and threw it, but it did not fall on tlvc fire.

Court. The gentleman understood you to say that he threw it beyond the fire; was that the fact ? — No, he did not throw it so far as the fire.

JOHN AMBROSE

I am a tanner.

You remember the day when Mr. Welsh's house was destroyed ? — I do.

In the afternoon of that day did yotz fee any of the prisoners? — I law William In belt in the afternoon opposit" the Ship in Long-lane.

Was hebyhimself or was any body with him ? — I did not observe any body with him, he walked up near to where Mr. Welsh flood; he afleed Mr. Welsh how he uas ?Mr. Welsh made answer as well as could be expected; Inbcit said, d — 7 you, I have the satisfaction

and out.

What time of the day was that? — To the best of my recollection between the hours of three and four.

Do you know how Mr. Welsh or his friends were employed at that time? — -They were taking beer out of the cellar. Cross Examination.

Was this fp/Aca- publicly r — Yes.

S Many

E 7° J

Many other pc6p!e might heat it as well as you ? — Any body adjacent might hear it; Mr. Welsh and I were by, and there was another gentleman by, but I do not know who or what he was.

Cmrt* Do you know Holmes ? — Yes.

Was Holmes present ? - — Not that I know of.

Counsel for the Puf You are an

Jrilhman ? — Yes.

Are you connected with Mr. Welsh

- — No.

You' use his house ? — I do equally the same as any other public house at times.

Was nothing eile said by Mr. Welsh to Inbclt ? — No.

Then Inbert went up coolly, and said what you mentioned ? — Yes.

1NBES F's Defence

1 leave my defence to my counfeJ; I hope it will appear from the evidence I shall bring, that this is a malicious and cruel prosecution; that I was a person that was clearly neuter, nay more, that I did service to the neighbourhood; it will appear they third: for my blood and the prisoners concerned with me; 1 leave it to God and my country to deliver /no out

their hand*.

MlLLER's Defines

J leave my defence to my couafcl and witnesses.

JAMES PALMER'S Defence.

1 leave my defence to my counted and witnesses.

inheft. All the men that has given evidence against me are Jriilimen of the low-eft class, and people of abandoned cha-/acters.

jr,rINBEST, MILLER mil PALMER. HANNAH EWBANK fmrn.

I live i aColemanVyaxd, Barnaby-street, Jvliik-r has lodged in my house five years.

Is your's a publ.c bo de?- — No.

Do you remember the day Lawrence Welsh's house was destroyed ?- — Yes.

Was Miller at home the evening before f — -He was.

What time did he go out in the morning on which that house Was dcltroyed ? —

He came in1 after eight tb breakfast; he ate his breakfast and then went out with mil Inbcft.

Do you know where they went to ? — -1 do not.

JAMES GRIFFIN

Vhat arc you ? — 1 keep a public-house, the sign of Simon of Joppa the Tanner, in Long-lane.

Do you know the house of Patrick Welsh? — Yes; it is not far from my house, it is on the opposite side of the way.

Do you know the house of Lawrence Wclch ? — I thought you asked after Lawrence's house befoix*.

Do you remember Inbeft, Jordan, Palmer and Miller, coming to your house the morning the mob attacked Lawrence Welsh's house? — Yes; it was as nigh, as I can recollect, between nine and ten o'clock.

Which of them came to your house All three at different times.

What passed ? — I begged they would not be cut of the way when the mob came, but would flay with me if possible to prevent my house being pulled down: they had used my house five or six years; they said, they would do all in their power for me.

Do they work for any gentleman i;i yeur neighbourhood? — Yes, Mr. Savignac, lie lives near me.

During the time the mob were pulling down Lawrence Welsh's house, were they aflifiing you as much aswas in their power? r-They did not continue in my house, they went backwards and forwards; when they came in I begged them not to be out of the way, when they were finishing.

Finishing what? — Finishing the other fooufe; the ntob were then tearing i» to pieces.

Do you think these men were abiding m that ? — I do not, because they were backwards -and forwards, the whole time after the mob began to attack Laurence W'elch's house.

In going from your house to Patrick Welsh's, were they obliged to pass Lawrence Welsh's door? — They had been to Patrick Welsh's first, and then they came to Lawrence Welsh's, as I underrat'd.

Put

_____ Go 3sle

r 7> 3

Rut to go to Patrick Welsh's from your house, mult they pal's by the door of Lawrence f — They mult.

And likewise by tkeir matter's door i — They must.

Did they give you any assistance that morning ? — Yes, when the mob had done A here, they made towards my house; a man with a pickax struck a ftroJce or two to get it down- they were by at the time, and (they and fame more were, the fble caiife of preventing my house from coming down; they laid they would do'ail in their power to protect my house-

Crc/fs Examination.

Did they come ro your house before the mob began at Lawrence Welsh's or afterwards, ? — i cannot be particular as to that, because I was very buiy in the house, but I know it was the time the people were at Lau rence Welsh's w hen Haw them first.

How long were they in your house that morning r — They never ibid above a minute at a time, but were going hock-w'ards and forwards; I uled to ask them i£o stay and not be out of the way; they find they would not.

After the mob had firtished Lawrence Welcn's, they came to your house ?--Yes.

How did they prevent the* mob coming jn to your house*, by force w perswasion ? —

Ry perswasion j when they bad got the -mob off, *c now Curtin (l.ud they) your house is pretty safe, wc hear they are gone down to Patrick Welsh's, we will -there to endeavour to prevent the mob from tearing his house down:; your's is pretty fuse now, and I believe wc may venture to leave you J told them to Jo do, mid thanked them.

Patrick welch /<«m.

You Keep a public house,. and arc brother to Lawrence Welsh ? — I a:n.

At the time the mob were pulling down iris house did you ice Miller, Libert, and Jordan? — No.

Did they come to your house at all ? — No, not till they came to quell the mob.

In what manner did they come when -jhey came.to vou ? — They came inii very

bereft and tender fort of a manner.

Did they protect your house r — Yes, all that lay in choir power.*

Who was with them r — I cannot justly tell, a. great many re fuec. cable neighbours, fume of the heads of the lane.

Was Mr. King the re? — Yes, Mr. Thomas King, Mr. Guttcridge, Mr. Thomas Nichols, and several gentlemen I can mention.

And those gentlemen, with Miller,' In-belt and Joi'uan, were at your doora/Tfting you r — Yes, and thriving to appease the mob.

I believe you had the good fortune to escape at that time r — 1 had.

Did you look upon Miller, 'Inbeft, and Jordan to be part of that mob ? — i did not.

Do they live in your neighbourhood ? — They do.

Did you know them before: — -I did.

Were they going backwards and forwards from yourjl.ouse to Griffin's, during til . time of your brother's house being attacked ? — Ye:, they were, they laid they would " go from my houte to the Simon the Tanner, to protect his houft*, and like-wife would come back to mure."

Cross Examinay

Do these people use your house: — Af times they do, though but ftkiorn.

Was your house attacked before or after your brother's? — It was attacked afte:. but it was attempted before.

Are you speaking of the attack r.ftei-wards that these men aflilLd you ir. getting, rid of ? — Yes, they did.

You fa1 v nothing or them during thr time that your brother's house was pulling down ? — No,- I did act Ice any thing o; this mob nor of them at that time, bccaul'e I did not go to the oursidv my gate at the*

time the house was pulling down.

' Cynnr.l for the :>riio0 u tlr.-y not

eomc bat kvvufds and forwards to your house lev era! times? — Yes, Irroeft laid,

* let's go and Milt Air- Welsh, and Simon the 'banner Mr. Savignac laid, let them drink, I will pay vou; I ottered them liquor, they would have none.

c

You offered liquor to Jordan, Miller, and Inbelt ? — I asked what they would nleufe to drink; they said, " they would drink, nothing."

What time was this ? — After Lawrence's house was dellroyed.

Were these men at your house curing the time your brother's house was pulling cJowu ? — No.

THOMAS KING

I am a parchment maker, I live in Long-lane, Southwark, oopofite Patrick Welsh's.

Do.you recoiled! the mob coming into that ilrect that morning ? — Yes.

Which way did they come into the I,ane ? — Down the lane fxom George's church way.

You saw Miller, Inbeft, and Jordan ? Not with the mob I did not, they came from Simon the Tanner's way; I did not tee them till the mob had been some time at Patrick Welsh's: before Lawrence

Welsh's house was attacked I saw them come up to Mr. Welsh's afliPance; Mr. Guttcricfge and I went for the fame purpose.

Did vou know these men before ? — I had known them fame time.

What was their con due! there ? — T rv-ing to quell the mob, and to prevent their getting the house down.

Did you look upon these men to be at the head of that mob ? — No, I believe they never saw the mob till that day; till they came to try to get them from the house.

At the time the mob were ddheying Lawrence's house did you fee what these men were doing r — I saw them placed of-pofite their mailer's irate, but did not fee them do any thing at all, nor do 1 believe that they wee on Lawrence Welsh's side the way.

Then it is not true that rhtfe people headed the mob, and came into the street with the mob at the same time? — No; 1 cuine cult of my gate, I ordered my people to that the windows and doors, which they did: there was a man in particular that entered the gate at hrft.

72 J

Do you know any thing abouf one Neale who has been a witness here ? — I do not know much of him, ^>ut I have seen him several times, he brought a pail with beer in it, he brought it to my gate and out, damn ynur eyesy will ycu drink he fat

down upon the curb of the pavement, and set the pail between his legs.

That was after the mischief was done at Lawrence's?--Yes, after Lawrence's house was destroyed he brought some beer in a pail, and he had a pint pot.

Can you tell where he brought it from ? — I believe he brought it from thence.

I do not ask you what yofc , with-

out your knowledge. — I think l‘o, he brought it that way, and fat down upon the curb with it between his legs; he hol-loau out, damn your will ycu drink f I called him a rascal, ^nd afktd him what he meant by calling out so to me

Were not these people in going from Patrick Welsh's bouf'e to Griffin's, obliged to pass by Lawrence Welsh's house? —

They could not go any other way.

Did you fee them in pa ding and repairing hu/ tn or do any thing ? — N-o, I heard them holloa once in Mr. Welsh's yard, to get the mob off, and 1 was obliged to holloa myself.

Inbcff.Did we go with the mob, or flop till the mob was all gone ? — They lfopped to protec! Mr. Welsh's house till the mob was all gone, they fairly drove 'them our, therefore they mud flay behind.

Inhfjt.Whether the mob hail not begun at Mr. Lawrence Welsh's house before our departing from Patrick's r — Yes, the man with the tin kettle, at the head of them and others, forced in with such violence, that if there had been twenty men they would have forced through them: they entered upon Lawrence's house in-stanily: as loon as ever they left Puo trick's house I wtnt as a- speefator, as near as I> pollibly could for the fire, and I never saw them touch one thing.

Cross Examination.

How long did you flay there never

was away from the place; my house is a

VC! V

I 73 ]

very little way from Lawrence Welsh's 3 I hardly think it is an hunched yards.

Were you no nearer than your own he'll fe? — 1 went within four or five dcurs of Lawrence Welsh's.

What time in the morning was it when you got to ihc fire ? — I judge about ten o'clock; the mob had been there some time before; 1 did not leave the place till every thing was demolished.

What time was it when you went away ? — I believe near eleven o'clock, I Itrod talking the re with some of my neighbours: the mob came back again af terwards to Patrick's house y they began to take down the Wainlcoting and such hk things.

Y ou del tribe yourself as being about two hours near to LawrenceWelciik — Three hours.

- These three men were not in your company ? — They were, while we were trying to tret the mob from Patrick Welsh's house.

W ere they not in your company these three hours you i'peak of? — They came buck with them to their mailer's gate, and helped to turn the mob out from Patrick Welsh's gate.

At the time you deferihe yourself to {land near Lawrence Welsh's house were those three men nt- ir you ? — They were not, they were at their mailer's gale all the time.

Had you your eyes upon them? — Yes, I had all the time , I flood diiWftly of-polite their mailer's gate.

How far is their mailer's gate from Lawrence'* house? — Almoll opposite.

Miller, Jordan, and inbelt were (landing the re ail tV time ? — 1 never saw them go a: inch from it.

Then you can speak decidedly, that Jordan (iivi not ilir an inch or do any thing ? — 1 ern't lay that 1 saw them do any.

V. di you undertake to (wear that neither of them did any thing ? — I believe i can.

Then you mean to fr.v, you having icon them all the time, that Jordan did nothing at all but Hood at his mailer's.door ? — \ es.

"i hat, upon your oath, you (wear ? — Yes 3 and that he never crofted the kennel, Part IY.

You say he did nothing ? —

"You rcrer law him give liquor to any body out of his hat ? — 1 did not.

Do you mean to swear he did no fitch th ing ? — I did nor fee him.

If you kept your eye upon him you mull know whether he did or not ? — I can't say he might have such a thing mid 1 not Cue him.

Is Patrick's house nearer to St. decree's church than Lawience's ? — Y es.

Is Simon tire 'Tanner farther f,om St. George's than Lawrence's? —

T. he mailer's is almoll opposite to Lawrence's ? — Yres.

Then, according to your account, before the mob had got intoLawr^nce's house yoa law these three men at Patrick's ? — Y es, going from Patrick Welsh's noufe to their maker's gate.

Plow long had they been at Patrick's he- -fore the mob rulh — J into Lawre nce's hurifc ? — I dare say, on and oifi, they had been flier half an hour.

What was the occasion of the mob coming to Patrick's house. before they came to Lawrence's ? — They did not come tiil the mob came 3 they then came with a view to try tp get them away from Patrick's.

Did they attack Patrick's house full ? — Y Vs 3 and they were put out of the yard, I believe three or four times.

And' these men took pains to get them a way from Patrick's house? — Yes.

Then the mob went to - Lawrence's ? —

Yes.

Did you hear them say where they would go when they were drove from Patrick's ? — They talked of going to the Two Brewers.

Jiut flopped at Lawrence'* ? — They did.

Then when they entered Lawrence's those three men were lliil with jcu at Patrick's ? — Y'es.

Then you say, you saw than go and . Hand at their mailer s gate ? — Yes.

Their mailer's gate being the opposite side of die way, they mull of course be very near where all the mob that were r.ot; in the house flood ? — Y'cs, they were.

T Of

Of couirc trey mini be Intermixed a-mone: thj people v.-h,> were there ? — They cou'd Jtot well he otherwise.

Then a' tiv.-y flood so interinixfd, could vou have tiu in in your eye the whole of the time th li- people were at Lawrence's?

] think 1 h.:d.

You went' to fee what patted ? — I did, a* a specialor.

Then you think these three men con-«Iu:ted themselves the whoie time peaceably and quietly as mere spectators ? — Yes.

Iiow far off is the sign of Simon the Tanner ? — About five or six doors.

Court. At what time did you leave your own home to go to Patrick's ? — A^out haif after three; 1 load in the street till every thing was destroyed; I stood talking to a matter tannerwho will be produced.

Was there any lpleen or ill blood among any of those people that you know of ? — 1 can't say that I know there was.

Have you known lnbcft, Miller, and Jordan some years ? — For eight years.

What was their general character during that time r — A v<jry good one; I never heard any thing amiss of them in my l:fe, they are vei y sober, industrious men; I am very intimate with all their matters.

Do you know Palmer ? - — I have a flight knowledge of him; I never heard any ihing amiss of him, he lives just at the back of my premises.

While these men were at Patrick's house, did you hear any thing said by any body about Lawrence's house ? — No, I never he'vd it mentioned; part of the mob asked which was Lawrence Welsh's, part ©t them came over to me to ask which was Law rence Welsh's, but I would not tell them; the mob wanted nc to swear what Lawrence Welsh was by profession, but I laid I did not know.

D.d you hear any of the men say any thing about that? — No.

You all seemed anxious to fare Patrick's house, why was Lawrence's house abandoned by you ? — We were desirous of fating our neighbours; indeed I did not

i-

t

know that they were going to Lswrmce's.

As soon as they enquired for Lawrence you mutt know they were going the re t — 1 had heard that the mob laid it was condemned to be pulled down.

So you had probably heard that Patrick's was to he condemned ? — -Y cs.

Why was Patrick an object of your attention, and Lawrence left to take his-chance: — 1 can't f.iy.

These brothers don't live upon good terms, it looks 1'ke some little kind of party ? — -I don't know any thing of that; 1 believe th*.y had a particular 'nformati-tion against Lawrence.

They seemed to have h^<J an information against at rick, for they attacked his house ftrit ?- — Yes.

They did not go-away immediately upon being told that this was Patrick's — No, we had a great deal of trouble to get them out.

(Jne of the prisoners. The mob had

been at Lawrence Welsh's over nighi.

lnlsft. King has already given evidence, that previous to our departing from Patrick Welsh's house, the mob had began upon Lawrence Welsh's.

WILLIAM MARSHALL fwern.

You are I believe son-in-law to Grittu» who keeps Simon the Tanner? — Yes.

Do you know lnbcft, Jordan, and Palmer — Yes.

Did you fee them the morning that Lawrence's Welsh's hou fe was pul led dow n? — When his windows were broke first I did not; if they had been there I mutt hav* seen them, for the mob was in our house between one and two o'clock in the morning.

I mean the morning the house was destroyed and the furniture burnt ?- — I law them that morning while the goods of Lawrence were burning; they came to me and fat on the bench at Simon's the Tanner, and talked with me seven or eight minutes; then they said, we will walk a little ferther; they went towards Mr.

Mr. Savignac's yard; they were obliged to pass by the fi*e; 1 saw them Hand on the opposite side of the way to Lawrence's houl'e looking at the fire some time, but they never ottered to meddle or make, or lend an hand, or speuk to any body that

1 fi'.V»

Were they huzzaing or encouraging the mob ? — Nothing of the fort.

Croji Examination.

You saw them Handing opposite Lawrence Welsh's a cohfiJerable time ? — They might Hand there a quarter of an hour; they then came and fat down with me at Simon the Tanner's door again so ne time, and drank with me I believe.

How long were they with you the second time ? — I can't pretent to lpeak to that.

Was it five mihutes ? — Yes, I imagine it might be six or seven minutes.

How far is Simon the Tanner from their in after's gate ? — I suppose it to be t'oree-score yards.

RICHARD KING sworn.

You know Milter, Inbelt and Jordan, I understand ? — Yes.

Did you fee them the day Lawrence. Welsh's house was deHroyed ? — Yes.

What were they about ? — They did not do any thing, they flood by the gate; they are Mr. Savignac's men: I live in the house, I heard the mob coming down as I was at breakfast; I did not go to bed till betwten four and five o'clock; I was up again between eight and nine; I went out oT the gate, there was a garden before my house; I saw the mob coming, they went directly to Welsh's house, and began to destroy it; I went in doors again; after that I came out and saw Jordan Handing with his elbow leaning on a poH at our gare, and InbeH and Miller were on the other side of the gate againH the pails; there they Hood a considerable time, while Lawrence Welsh's house was pulling down, and never offered to move; Jordan Hood with his elbow on the poH; there was a two-gallon keg flung out upon the fire, a boy took it up and Ihook it to fee if there was any li-

75 J

quor in if; Jordan, or somebody said,

" what have you got there ?" he pulled his hat off his head and laid, " let us fee what " it is," so. the boy poured some into h;s hat; I said, " Sam, what have you got " there? lt indeed, mailer, I don't know" (Cud he) " I have not tailed it." They Haiti there till all was over, then they moved away: there was a woman with them that I did not know; they said, — n your eyes* let's away to the King's-hea; that was Patrick "Welsh's. When they were gone by from destroying Lawrence Welsh's, Iwe.it on the other side of the way, and fl.,od talking with Mr. 1 homas King at his door, wh>ch is opposite Patrick Welsh's, while the mob were in the court-yard; Patrick Welsh's house lies back, there is a yard before it.

Who were the men you fitw in the courtyard ? — I do not know who they were ;. there was a woman headed them on; they began to break the pannels of the wainfeoting in the pa Cage; presently came Jordan* InbeH and Miller up; they utiired the mob " to be quiet and tofythey said, " they " would have no mij chief if they null' " help itand I think Jordan laid hold of one of the men, who was a little outrageous, by the arm, and defined them to go away and defilt; which they did at laH, and did. no more damage.

Were thcl'e prisoners in the riot, or the meb at all, or were they aflilting in preventing the mob's doing mifehiefr — While Lawrence Welsh's house was pulling down they Hcoi quiet, they did not heft ate about it; I believe they did not know what to do;

I was in terror myself; the fire was burn--ing; we had a let ot pales that ran along,

I and several more were watering the pales at the time the fire was burning as it was juH opposite us.

Did either of these men huzza or encourage the mob ? — I did not fee any encou-. ragement from them; they Hood and said nothing to the mob as I law or heard.

Cross Examination.

They were there the whole time ? — I saw them go backwards and forwards.

Where

E 76 J

Where did they go backwards and forwards to? — They might go to Simon the Tanner^, I believe.

How many times might they go backwards and forwards from you? — About twice, I think the) might.

Jordan did not lay hold of any man by the arm to take him away from Lawrence's house, did he ? — No.

Nor they* did not either of t! fra desire any person to dcfiil from detlro\ ng Lawrence's house ? — I did not h ar . ny thing of that fort at all, becai.f he was not over the way; I cannot lay f knew any of them who were breaking the house to p ic '.

How many vnrd? was you Irwin Lawrence's door ? — About fixttv:;, I think hardly l'o much as twenty yards.

You {food patiently at your oven gate the whole time ? — Yes; and watering our p lies to keep them cool.

You went backwards and forw d to fetch the water — No, I vo. a pe for. to fetch water for me.

Thai your attention war. em :loy d for. e part of the time in t,iking care of your own house, and keeping those pales cool ? — Yes, while the fires were burning.

JOHN CLARKE sworn.

I am a mailer butcher.

Was you in Long-Lane at the time Lawrence Welsh's house was ddtroyed ? — I was fume part of the time, but not wh^n they begun to destroy it.

Di*l you l'ce Miller, Inbeft and Jordan? — -Yes.

What were they about ?. — Tran stuffing nothing; I law Jordan and Miller fit on the opposite lide of the way; they were near their mailer's house, as far from the mob as 1 may be to you.

Did they go into the house, or take any part with the :ne>b ? — I am certain they did not while I was there: I went into the shop to cut lbme thing; when f came out again they were walking about the same as heroic.

Just by their mailer's door r — I cannot say the spot of ground exactly.

How neai was you to Lawrence's houlb ? — Juil aprofs the way, within half a Hone's throw or Id's.

Cross Examination.

They were waxing about when you saw them ? — Yes; it they had been transadhng any thing at the time 1 mull have Hon iht in j for 1 should have taken notice of them.

They were walking about very quiet ? — Yes; -nd one had his arms in this manner (/tided.)

In what manner were t ey walking backwards and fnnvarijs i — They just made a move about as ] or any o‘hcr pcifon might to fee what these people were about, for it wac a fad thing to fee them do it.

The fact is, they kept walking about ? — I know they mtifl, beer, a lb they were not always at one piece when I favv them; I law the m three different times, they were never yon 1 their mailer's gate at either tim n saw them.

Ho 1 >ng did your observation of them I all: — I cannot say particularly.

WILLIAM HALL sworn.

1 am a Cooper.

A mailer Cooper ? — No.

Did you lee Miller and Inbell ? — -Yes, I saw them Hand across the way oppolue Mr. Welsh's door; J fpoketo Inbell, being of the fame name, " how do you do, William ?" I law him Hand there by himself; I did not hear him offer to speak to any body while I was there: Richard Miller was at a distance from him j that is all I saw while I was there, which was about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour I believe.

Did you fee Inbell do any thing in particular ? — I d;d not, he Rood a inerefpcc-tator 1 kc myself.

Do you know Boiloult's house ? — Yes.

Did you l'ce any men there? — I saw a man with a pickax come up the lleps and demand liquor.

Did you fee Miller or Inbeft do any thing to encourage the mob, or to incite them against Lawrence Welsh ? — No, I did not.

HENRIETTA GROVE

What are you ? — A house keeper j 1 live next dcoi to Mr. Savignac's, and almost opposite Mr. Lawrence Welsh's.

Did

-by

', , _,

l:77l

Did yost Inbeft there ?---! did. '

Did you fee any of the other prifeners there? — No.

What was Inbeft doing ? — Entreating a woman that was very adftive in the mob, to come from the King's head.

What did he say to her? — He leaned his right hand upon her left shoulder, called her my dear, or or foine-

thing to that efredt, and asked her if she tvruld drink or come along him I

ih>od at' my door and saw and heard him.

What was that woman doing?- — She had a (tick in her hand, and was very active in, throwing Lawrence Welsh's goods about,- While they were burning on the fire.

Court.And Inbeft was endeavouring to coax her away ? — He was.

Did he want to get her to the King's-head? — No, to get her from the King's-head.

‘At what time was this ?- — Near upon ten o'clock to the best of my knowledge,.

How near was the woman to the King's-head at' that time ? — She might be thirty or forty yards on the other side of the King's-head.

What reason have you to suppose that woman was going to the King's-head < — Because (he made away for there; he laid hold of her, and desired her to come back.

Did you observe any thing else that pafT-ed while Lawrence's house was destroying ? — No.

Inbcjt. This woman came entirely voluntary of her own will,- without being defirid by my friends.

Grove. 1 did come of my own accord.

CHARLES TIBBETS

What are you ? — A master Cooper.

How long have you known Miller, Inbeft, Jordan, and Palmer ? — Five or Six years.

What has been their general character ? — Very good; I never/aw any thing amiss by them in my life, nor ever heard any thing amiss of them.

Was you present at this seene? — I ulas i I saw the mob come down Long-lane; a little after nine o'clock they Part IV.

; flopped at Lawrence Welsh'#, then 1 went in to my breakfast: I saw nothing more of it, till about half after ten o'clock $ then I saw Wm. Inbeft Hand upon Mr. Boit-oult's steps.;

Where are they ? — Within aboirt eight doors of me, end I believe kbout- three doors from Lawrence Welsh's': after that 1 I walked backwards and forwards, went into the kitchen and back again; - and 1 law-- - Inbeft over the way, at Griffin's, (landing at the door, talking with fonie of the mob as I thought them; I did flot know them: 1

saw no more of him till I saw him in the afternoon in Griffin's Parlour along with Miller, Jordan, and feme more, I sup-. pole drinking.

Did they appear to be taking part with the mob, or endeavouring to prevent the mob from doing any mischief? — I thought they were endeavouring to prevent the mob from going into Boitoult's and into Grit- J fin's, it seemed so to me.

' CrofsExamination.

Is Boitoult's a public house ? — No, he is a needle-maker. -

Was Lawrence Welsh's house the only one that was tkstroyed in Long-lane ? — I -believe so; they were at Patrick Welsh'?.

At half past ten o'clock were the tnob inclined to go from Lawrence's door ?-- They were about, and the fire was burn- ' ing, they seemed thinner than when they first came; I supposed some were gone.

Did you observe Inbeft speak to any body ? — I saw him talk to some people upon the steps of Mr. Boitoult's hoale, but: what he said I cannot tell.

' What became of those people that he spoke to; did they go away, or return to Lawrence's house? — One had a pickax in his hand without a handle; he came over to Griffin's house, and struck the parlour door.

Do you know what became of these men ? — A little fellow went along with a blue flag; he said, holloa come this

way, there was a woman with them, but I do not know who (he was.

> You saw Inbeft (peaking to Tome people at Boitoult's door? — I did.

U ' What

What b^Mgve of these persons; did they; to out of Long-lane, or raturo again to Mr. Welsh's honied I do uot.kaow. Courts Was it- the man with the blue flag or pickax that Inbeft went and spoke to? — -No, not either of them.

PAUL SAVIGNAC /uww«' '

.1 aru an Oil Leather-urcfter in Long-lane, and have another, manufactory at Calharltoij.

Your house is I believe almost opposite -Lawrence Welsh's? — The gate and the yard are opposite within one house of it I believe,

Which of the men at the bar are your Servants?- — I know four of them; William Inbeft and Richard Miller worked with me at the time* Inbeft has worked with me about three years. Miller I believe eight or nine.

How long have you known Jordan ? —

I fancy six or seven years; he has worked for me off and on at times: 1 have known Palmer ftnee his return from America, which is about three years; he has worked for me since.

What is their character ? — As manufacturers their characters arc very good, and as honest men equally lo.

CLAUD SAVIGNIA sworn.

I know Miller, Inbeft, Jordan and Palmer.

How many years have you known them ? — Inbeft, Jordan and Palmer about four; Miller about nine months*

What has been their character during the time they worked for Mr. Savignac? -r-Always diligent men and sober in their . business.

JOSHUA ELLIS,

I. am a. Tanner: I know William Inbeft, hq has an exceeding good general character; he. has beep very regular and# confident, I have been very much pleased-with it I lived very near him and have observed his conduCi for five or six years* THOMAS JACKSON sworn.

I am a gun-smith: I have known Jor-. dan fifteen or sixteeo years; ha lived within a hundred yards of me; he always

bore the bast of chatmChert that I; ever

knew I; he is what. they call a.

here.

\ ANDREW POTTER/own.

Tama fellmonger: I have known William Inbeft several years; about six months ago my wife died, upon which I courted Inbeft to come and keep my hoof© for me; he has lived with me ever since; his general character is, that he is an honest man.

RICHARD WARRENER sworn.

I am a leather dieftqr: I know Inbeft, Jordan and Miller; I have known Inbeft about two years, he has a very good character j I have known Jordan about fivq years, he has a very good general character; and I have known Miller about three or four years, and he has a very good character as far as ever 1 heard.

----- EVANS sworn.

.1 keep a house the corner of Fiye-faot-lane; i have known Jordan five years, and a half; he has lodged all that time with me, he always had a very good cha-. racter indeed, he was fpher and honest ard. kept his lodgings very well.

FLETCHER'S Deftnce.

The mob met me, and threatened if I did not assist them they would knock me on the head; I live in the Grange, about a quarter of a mile from the house; I used the house for fame time past.

For Fletche

JOHN. BRANSDELL /

IamaTaDner.

Was you in Long-lane at the time Law- . rencq'shouse wasdenroyed ? — I was, Fletcher was trying to quell the mob that they should not destroy Mr- Welsh's property; he by parfuading them, made them leave off for five- minutes. I. believe, by telling them he was sure he was not a Romany but a Protestant j they began again and he could not prevail with, them the second timethan I left the place*

Cross Examinati

At. what time was this ?<--- About a

quarter after ten o'clock#.

Had

r 79c 3 -

H|4 they fygaiy the attack upon the house ? — They were going at it.

Had not they began till .-after ten o'clock? — No, 1 think it was after ten o'clock before they had began.

You did not nay long there? — No, and I never saw Fletcher after that till I saw him in goal.

JAMES WARNE sworn.

I am a tanner: Fleccher has lived with me about three years; he was a very good servant, I never heard his hofiefty called in question or ever heard his character any ways impeached; he is a man I should have had no fort of objection to have trusted with any property} he always appeared decently droned on a Sunday, and his wife and family did the fame. On the evening of the f.tme day he attended at the Tavern with the inhabitants, in order to go round to protect the neighbourhood; he appeared rather in liquor: I told him I thought it more advi fable to go home, he took my advice, went home, and came to work next morning very regularly.

WILLIAM WARNE sworn.

I am a master tanner: I have known Fletcher for a twelve-month; he bears a very good character, I believe him to be a very sober, worthy, honed: man* I never heard any thing to the contrary.

- THOMAS AN SELL sworn.

I am a master tanner: I have known Fletcher three or four years; he has a very vood general character.

ROBERT DOWDSWELL I am a master tanner: I have known Fletcher seven years, he is a very honest, worthy good man.

JAMES BAKER sworn.

I am a master tanner: I have known Fletcher five or six years, he has a very good general character.

--- GREEN '

I am a pin-maker: 1 have known

Fletcher about four years; I have a very great opinion of him; I trusted: a grandchild of mine in the family, bceause they

were'as £>hciy decent, canful and industrious people as any I know.

JOHN HOLLAND sworn.

What are you ? — I have been out of business some time; I have known Fletcher five or six years, he bears as good a character as any young man about the neighbourhood; he is a very honest industrious man.

LOVELL'S Defence.

I am innocent of it as the child unborn,

I have no witnesses.

BERRY'S Define*.

I was coming from my work by this house, in my way home to my lodgings when the mob was there, I stopped to look on, that was all.

For Berry.

JOHN STONE

I am a tanner; I know' Berry.

Do you remember seeing him at the time Lawrence Welsh's house was deftioyed — I do.

Was he at all coricermd with the mob, or only a spectator ? Only a spectator, merely looking on.

Did he take any part with the mob at . all ? — Not during the time 1 saw him.

Was he armed with any biudgeon, or any thing else ? — I did not fee that he was, to the best of my knowledge.

Court. Where was you ? — -I came from his lodgings with him at the time WdcH's house was pulling down.

Where was his lodgings Wild's Rents, Long-lane.

What business is he? — A Tanner; he worked with Mr. Ryder, a tanner.

H<iw far from this lane ? — I can't say.

Where were you and he going ?- — I waf coming from breakfast going to work.

Where do you work ? - — At Mr. Wil-shire's.

Where was the prisoner going - — I can't say where he was going to.

You lpcak with some uncertainty about., his having a stick in his hand; Can't you ‘ tell if you came with him from his lodgings whether he had a stick i* his hand or not

— He

I So 1 -

- — He had not* flick in [his hand while I ' saw him. ,. ' '

How long was you with him About twenty minutes.

Did you leave him there, or did you go ‘ away with him ? — I left him there.

Was this in your way from your lodg- ' ings, or diu you go to fee what was doing? v — k was my way from my master's to my -lodgings.

And from his lodgings, I understood you lodged together ?> — No, but both in one lane and near together.

Do you know where he had been that morning ? — -I can't say ‘

Was you sober ?- — Ves.

Was he sober ? — I can't say, I hdd very few words with him; he said, very

firry to fee 'it; lie fevmed sober as far as I observea.:

' THOMAS CASTLE fivcm.

*Was you near Mr. Lawrence Welsh's house when it was destroyed ? — Yes j within two doors of iti 1

Did you fee Berry there ?- — Yes.

Was he taking any part with the mob that destroyed that house, or was he quiet and Bill ? — He was quiet and Bill with

me at mydwndoor For the spa ce bf half an,

hour. 1 . "

Did he appear to have arty thing to do in the dcltruction of the house; Did he do ‘ any thing with the mob ?*. — Not at all <h»- ' ring the ' time I saw him; but he fa id, he was firry to fee Mr. Welsh's goods burning and dcjlroying. ‘ ' 1

How long have you kncftvn Berry ?- — Four years. *

What character does he bear? — A very good one, as far as ever I heard by all his-neighbour's.

Cross Examination. Do you know Stone the last witness ? — Yes. ‘: .

Was he with you ? — -No, not with me. Did you fee him there r — No.

Had Berry any thing in his hand ? — 'To the best of my knowledge he had not any thing in his hand during the time he was along with me. '

Are you sure of that ? — I will not he positive, but to the befl of my knowledge: he had riot.'

Was he sober or drunk? — He seemed tolerably sober at the time he was along with me.

This

The SIXTH PART of the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Rioters, Was Published this Morning (Price SIX*PENCE.)

ALSO

B R A C H Y G R A P H Y;

Or, An easy and compendious System of Short-Hand, (DEDICATED with Permission to the KING,)

ADAPTED

(After more than Forty Years Practice) to the various Sciences and Profcflions, By the late Mr., T HOMAS G URNEY.

The NINTH EDITION, considerably improved according to the prefen t Method, '

By his Son and Successor, JOSEPH GURNEY,

(WRITER OF THESE PROCEEDINGS)

Sold (Price Half-a-Guinea) by M. Gun key, No. 34, Temple-bar,

The Book is a sufficient Instrudlor of itself, but if any Difficulties occur they shall be removed upon Application to the Author without any additional Expence.

V. Trials at Law, and Arguments of Couafel arc taken in Short-Handt by J. GURNEY.

THE

PROCEEDINGS

O N T H E

i

PING's Special Commission of Oyc;r and Terminer for die County of Surry*

H E L D A T

St;: M A R G A R E T 'S - HILL,

On Monday the ioth-of July, 1780, and the following Days;

BEFORE

The Right Hon. ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH, Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOULD, Knight, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common" Pleas;

The Hon. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; 1

_ AND

The Hon. FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

Taken in SHORT^HAND (with Ptrmission of the Court)

By J p S E P H GURNEY,

Sfrort-Hnrd-Writer at the SclEon in the Old Bailey.

PART V.

LONDON:

Printed fw JOSEPH GURNEY',

And Sold by M« GURNEY, No. 34, Bell-Tar d^ near Tingle-Bar.

M.DCC.I.XXX.

(PRICE SIX-PENCE. ]

THE

P I! O C

E EDI N G S

ON THE

K I N G's Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry, &c.

[Continuation of the Trial of William Inbeft, Richard Miller, Samuel Jordan, George Fletcher, 'Robert Lovell, John Berry, James Palmer, Benjamin Rowland, John Quinton, Oliver Johnson, and Elizabeth Collins. ]

THIS was about ten orlock in the morning, that is you know an early hour to be in liquor; did Berry appear to you to be at all in liquor? — He did not appear to me to be at all in liquor.

Court. How near do you live to Lawrence's house ? — Within two doors.

How long did he continue with you ? — Half an hour.

What became of you then ?- — I continued at my own door. > - ,

What became of him when he left you? — I cannot tell.

Where was you when you first saw Ber-iy ? — He came up to me at my own door.

Which way did he come from ?- — I cannot tell.

Did any body come along with him ?- — No.

-- DOWLE fvcorn.

Did you fee the house of Lawrence Welsh when it was destroyed ? — I did.

Did you fee Berry there ? — He came by me as I flood at my own deor, which is within free doors of the Ship.

Was he doing, any thing with the mob, r was he quiet T — He passed me as 1 flood

at my own ddbr, and went to Mr, Castle's door; there I imagine he (laid half an hour.

Was he doing any thing with the mob ? - — No, he was by himself.

Was he a lpe&ator ? — Yes; I saw him stand with Mr. Castle as a spectator.

Have you known him long ?----- Five

years; he is a very worthy honest young man.

Were you at all applied to to come here? — I was hot applied to by any body; T came of my own accord.

Cross Examination.

Had he any thing in his hand, did you observe ? — -Nothing when I law him, not all the time.

BENJAMIN RAYNER fuem.

The prisoner Berry I believe works with you ? — He did.

How long have you known him ? — About three years; he has always borne the character of a very honest industrious fellow; during the time he was with me, the last time he worked for me from about six weeks before this riot commenced; he worked till three o'clock of that morning that Lawrence Welsh's house was afterwards pulled down; he was very sober, and kept* during the riot, to his work till that time.

He

[ *3 J

He worked with vou up to that time ? —

‘4k

IY did till that morning, which I think was the 8th of June.

So on Wednesday and Thursday morning up to breakfk.fl time he was at work With you ? — He*was.

Nine o'clock is the uf'ua! time workmen , go to breakfast ? — Yes, nine o'clock in the morning.

Cross Examination.

When did you lee him afterwards ? — He came to work again on the Friday morning following.

Did he live in your house ? — No.

How far do you live from Lawrence Welsh's ? — About a quarter of a mile, or not quite so much*

Court. Do you know where he lodges ? — Yes.

Which was his way from his lodgings to the place where he worked for you ?--There are two ways, one is down Fivefoot-lane, through a place called White's Ground j he lodges in a place called Miles's Rents, Long-Lne.

Then Welsh's house does not seem to be in the way to his lodgings ? — He could not go any other way without going about. ANN &OLYER sworn.

I have kpown Berry about three years; he bears a very good character, he is very honest and sober.

--- LUCKENBACK sworn.

I have known Berry about four years j h* has borne a very honest chara&cr ever iince I knew him.

ROWLAND'S I leave my defence to my Counsel.

For Rowland.

MARY BRYANT sworn.

Do you know any thing about Rowland ? — The evidence I am come to give, is upon his fifter's account j this chandler that has sworn against him, swears through spite; his fitter and the chandler had some words in the cow-house.

CoUnfel for Berry.- We have had no such name here examined; do you know whether he has been in any hospital ? — Yes, hut I do not know what.

Cotnifl. ' Call Sarah Goddard.

SARAH GODDARD sworn.

Do you know the prisoner Rowland ? — Yes, on the ninth of last month he was in Guv's hospital.

Had he been there before the ninth r — Yes, between Ex and seven weeks.

When d,c! he come »'Ut ? — He flcpt in the hospita] the 8th of the n onth that he was taken up in, I forgot the day this rioting was, but lie -was in bed anu afucp at the time.

Do you remember the day Lawrence Welsh's house was deft royal: — Yes, that was the night I have heard he was in the hospital.

Was vou in the hospital youifclfr — No.

JOHN EVANS

Do you know Rowland r — I did not know him till within these three or four days* but I heard there was a country man of mine had happened to meet with this misfortune; I w«nt into the new gaol and enquired for him; I have heard he is an honest man.

Court. Do you knew any thing of your own knowledge relative to him betides what other people have told you ? —

I never saw him to my knowledge till wi thin these three or four days.

JAMES LEE sworn.

Do you know Rowland ? — Yes, I was in Guy's hospital with him; I lay in the next bed to him in Lame-man*s Ward.

When did you fee him there latt ? — On the 8th day of June.

What time on the 8th day of June did you fee him ? — About seven at night.

Had you seen him at all during the former part of the dry ?-No.

Was he there on the Wednesday night? — He was there, but he went out again on the Wednesday night.

What was his complaint ? — - An ague and fever.

Had he got wcH, or was he in a sickly state at the time ? — He was not well at, that time, he was in a sickly Rate.

Did

I H I

Did you fee him afterwards ? — No, not riil the next morning.

Did he comeback to the hospital again?

: — Yes, he was discharged that day; the Steward defiicd him to flay three or tour days till this rioting was over left: he should be taken'; he said, no, he wifticd to go home to Woolwich.

CrofsExamination.

What was he afraid of being taken for, that he should desire the steward to let him stay three or four days ? — No, the steward desired him to stay for fear he shouhl be taken.

' Taken, for what ?-^-Taken for a riot.

What apprehensions had the steward about it ?t — I can't tell, I was not down W'th him.

f Did he lie in the hospital on Tuesday1 ? Yes, but did not Oh Wednesday night.

' Then you did not fee him from Wedf ncTday night till Thursday night? — I law him - come home again oh the Thursday night.

What time did he leave you on tVcd-rtefday night ? — About fik o'clock.

And you saw nothing more of him till Thursday night at six o'clock ? — No. RICHARD DAVIS

How long have* you known Rowland ? — I know his grandfather, and his father and mother and all his family.; I havo known him ever since he was about twelve years 6f age, he drawed beer for mei they arc all honest people as far as ever I heard.

Has he borne that character ? — f never heard to the contrary.

Where did he come from? — Cardiganshire.

What business has he been iii lately Working in Woolwich yard. (

"DAVID JONES /worn. \

I have krtowrt Rowland from his cradle, he has borne the best of characters, ancf so have all his relations.

What age is he About twenty-three years old.

DANIEL DAVIS from.

I have known him ever lince he came to London, which is about three yeare; 4

he has borne a very good character, that is all I know or have heard of him.

ELEANOR DAVIS ' '

I have known him ever since he was about seven or eight years old, and I know his friends; they are poor, but they brought him up carefully, he has a very good character,

--- PHILLIPS/^.

I have known him between three and four years, he bears an extraordinary one.

> QUINTON'S Defence.

I leave my defence to my Counsel.

ANN ROWE from.

How near do you live to the house of Lawrence Welsh ? — I did live next door* What relation are you to the prisoner, Quinton ? — He married my fifter.

Did you fee Lawrence Welsh about the time of these riots, and had you any conversation with him respecting Quinton ? — -He brought his bed and furniture, and various other things to my house while I was out.

Had you any conversation with him respecting Quinton ? — -Quinton was taken on the Thursday, this was the next morning: he said to me, 1 find they have got your brother I made answer, " so I find I said, 11 what has he done ?" he said, " be did not know the mcny nor haijeen him do any things nor never saw him till the day that he was taken '3

What answer did he make? — I asked him what he haddonc ? he said, "be did net know:" 1 asked him, did he fee him go into his house, or burn or destroy any thing ? be said lC he did not know the man, and he never saw him till that

was the day he was taken: I said, I was fprry if he had done any thing to hurt him or any body else: he said, " I will not take his life ;'r I said, ft be had done any thing I should not mind his serving his Ala jetty. he laid, he would take a Serjeant to where '» was, and enlist him for a Soldiery I said he would riot do for . a soldier; some people that were with him said, he would u for a marine." On Monday as I catuc here, I met Adr. Welsh in a public house juit by; I said, u Mr. Wei cn-who have you got

to

Qioilized

to swear against him; he said enough-"

he was in a great passion with me, and very outrageous, and Lid, " he bad been at the bar lhcny he jhotiid be but cooling upon it, fain, " he should have all the Unity hi the world fhnvn that lueis pejjtble9 and he would lay it before the grand jury \ that he believed be was brought in innocently, and , and that if he bad been sober he believed be would net de him any I fa id,

"Mr. elch, I hope they are not such evi--dences as you brought in a coach to Weib-jnirftzr-ball: upon that lie fell in a pa J:ori and said, " if he hid been at the bar then he should be hanged but cooling upon it, he said, " I am surprized you should mention that to me, you put me in a pa/fion;" then he said, " he would not take his life he said, " haugedyhe would be hanged in his room."

'To the proftcutor.Do you hear what this

woman lays ? — Yes, Quinton married this woman's filter: The came to me the day alter he was committed: {he asked me, 44 do you know who that is ?*' 1 said, no; Jhe. replied, " it is my brother:" I said, 44 1 never before knew he was your brother."

She lays, when ihe asked you about him you laid, you knew pothing of the man, and had never seen hiin.--- bhe is wrong,

J laid no such thing- —

Ihave known Quinton.two years, he worked with me; he is a very tober, ho-nrft and industrious fellow; he lived with me at the time of these riots.

JOSHUA. ELLIS sworn.

What are you I — I was a tanner, 1 have left oft business.

How long have you known Quinton t — About five or six months, I knew him when he lived with Mr. Boot, which was about a month ago; he bore a very good character; I have heard Mr. Boot ipeak very respectfully of him-

OBADIAH BOOT sworn.

I am a tanner, I have known Quinton near a twelvemonth.

Paxt y.

is 1

What character has he fcerne ? — A very good one; he was a servant to me five months; I liked him foweii when he was in my yard as a workman that I took him into my house; I left him in the course of two or three days of the week with my maid

d my children; he was always a careful man; he is a very worthy hon'eft man. GEORGE E AT ON

1 keep a public housej I have known Quinton about a year and an half; he has borne a very good character $ he is a very honest downright man.

JAMES GRIMIS>;t7.

I have known Quinton about a year apd a half; he bears a very good character.

JOHNSON'S Defence.

I leave my defence to my Counsel.

For fdonjon.

WILLIAM H/iRD W fGE

Was^ou near Lawrence Welsh's hause at the time it was destroyed ? — -I was irot above two hundred yards from it.

Did you fee Oiiver Johnson there ? — No, not at all.

How long was you there? — J[ did not stop above two minutes.

What time in the day was vou there ? — About half after nine in the morning .1 was helping Mr. Patrick Welsh to move his goods to the hou/c where I live; I did not fee him till about-a quarter of an hour after the mob was gone by; then he came up and shook hands with me, and a/keel how I did.

How did he conduct himself when you saw him ? — In a very sober, d;Tercet manner. ,.

Court. What time was it when you saw him ? — A little better than half after nine.

When he came up to you ?- — Yes.

1 thought you said it was a quarter of an hour after the mob was gone: — -Yes,

1 believe the mch came pafit our houseata little better than half after nine j I mean after they were gone from Patrick Welsh's when they went to Lawrence's house.

What became of him after he spoke to

ru ?- — I left him talking with my mother j went to Patrick Welsh's, and moved

ihar.v of Ins' goods over‘to our house; at every time when I returned I found John-fbn where I left him.

For how long: do you mean during the Whole time the mob wore pulling down Lawrence's House ? — -No, I returned

funny times'; I was employed in helping

Welsh to moyc Ins goods for three quarters of an hour.

How much of that three quarters of an hour e'apled befe c'the mob attacked Lawrence Welsh's house ? — I did not begin to help Patrick till the mob began to pull Lawrence's house to pieces; then I went and offered to assist Patrick, and he ac-- cepted my offer.

Then for that three quarters of an hour, ran you or not take upon you to say, that Johnson was fitting (till doing nothing? — No, 1 cannot; "

What became of you after this three quarters ' of :an hour? — 1 returned again to my -mother's door; the mob returned after I had helped Patrick Welsh; I saw. them give Oliver Johnson an iron bar, which I believe to be between three and four feet long; I was talking with Johnson when one of the mob came and gave it'him; Mr % Johnson was in a great passion, and threw it over his shoul-<ier into the ditch; fomcof the fplafhes ari-sing from its fall into the ditch came upon my cheek; l'ome more of the mob came up immediately, headed by a woman; they said, damn your eyesy go and fetch it out; Johnson stepped across thb ditch, with his Thick he reached the bar up, and chucked it into the road; one of the mob took it tip, and away they went.

Cro/s Examination.

Did any body offer v?wan iron bar ? —

No. :i '

Was there any body else there besides yourself ?--- Yes j they offered it to Johnson, and if he had not catched hold of it it Would have fell upon his toes.

He was perfectly tbbertheft ?--As far as I saw; he aiked for fotne small beer; I poured him and another ybung man some out. - " -

Then he did not appear to you to be 111 liquor ? — Not in the ieaft.

Court. When was the lass time you saw him that morning? — -I believe it to be half after ten or near eleven o'clock.

WILLIAM DAVIS sworn.

What arc you i — >A victualler; I have known Johnson near ten years j I never heard any thing against his character in my life; he was always a very honest -man.

JOHN TAVERNER sworn.

I keep a chandler's (hop, I have known Johnson about four years; I \vas a very near neighbour to him; I always heard a good character of hifri; a downright, honest, working man.

WILLIAM BRISTOW sworn.

' I am a waterman and lighterman; I have known Johnson fourteen or fifteen years; he has been a hard working man ever since I knew him; I have seen him at work at four in the morning when I have* been going out.

JAMES CALLENDER sworn, t I have known Johnson five or six years*, he was always a hard working man; he is a matter blacksmith: he nas taken a

great deal of pains to live.

EDWARD MEDHUR3T sworn.

I have known Johnson six or seven years, he has a very honest, just, good character ever since I have known him, and a hard working man.

LEWIS

'I have known Johnson seven or eight years; I never knew any thing but hon~ city of him; I pass by his (bop; when he has been in the lh< p, I have observed him always working very hard.

Thomas bullman sworn.

He has winked off and on for me between seven and eight years, he is a hard working industrious man.

JOHN STAGOLD sworn.

I have known him between five and six years, he is an honest hard working man.

COLLINS'S De/ence.

I am very innocent of what they have laid to my charge; 1 hope the court will

ka\ e

[ S3 ]

have mercy ort me; X have foinc people to my character; I have been- in l'ervice for mv livelihood.

'LYDIA CHAPMAN The prisoner Collins was* a i'ervant to me three years and a hair ago; Ihe was a very hone it servant whilst ihe was with me; Ihe lived with me only seven months; I know nothing of hur since ILc left me.

DAVID SHEEN Do you know Collins ? — Yes, I have known her four year;.; I know her to be a very honest woman.

.....SHEEN sworn.

She is mv own filter.

Can you say any thing for her ? — She lived fellow servant with me at the Spread Eagle at Eplom; J never found her orher-wife than an honed woman, and I never heard on v otherwise.

Dp you know any thing about this-charge again It her? — I do not.

What place was Ihe at, or where did die live about the time these riots began ? — -in Three Crown Court I believe.

Was Ihe in or out of place at that time ? — She took in needle-work.

WILLIAM W IE MOTT sworn.

I knew her about Even years ago; /lie lived ferva.it with me for a /hurt Ip ace during that time; I do not know that Ihe any ways behaved diliiondL

INBEST, MILLER, IORDAN, f LETCHER, LOVELL, PALMER, ROWLAND, TO HNS ON, and

Collins,

)»Guilty (Qfjdlj }

BERRY, 1

and > Not Guilty. QUINTON,)

(Paltu/r was humbly recommended by the yury to his mojeftf s mercy.) -

See the trial of Robert Lovell, page 3. for being concerned in pulling down the dwelling house of Thomas Connolly, in Bermonrifey-ftrret.

F R I D A Y, the 14th July.

The J

Daniel Blake, of Chert fey, Miller.

James Galpiil, of Mitcham, Yeoman. William Budgen, of Watch-

maker.

William Thirkle, of Gentleman.

Wm. Shirley, of Croydon, Cornchandlcr. Thomas Spencer, of J ranger. Yeoman. John Prior, of Mortlake, Maltster,

TOHN DAVIS, THOMAS SMITH, JOHN HARRINGTON, and THEODORE ATKINSON, were indicted, for that they, together with forty other

U R T.

John Wilier, of Mortl, Bricklayer. William Phillips, of , Broker.

Benjainm Planner, of Egham, Yeoman. John Washford, of Cray den. Yeoman. James Stcdman, of Cape!, Yeoman. Thomas Dowlay, 6f Distiller,

served part of this day in the Read of Daniel Blake.

persons and more, did unlawfully, hout-cmfly, and tumultuously aflfanble, on the 8th of June, to the diiluibance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and

[ S8 1

ftvill down the dwelling house of Margaret Cooper, widow, aguu.il the form of the statuce, See.

THOMAS DUNN

What arc you ? — An undertaker.

Do you know the house of Margaret Cooper? — Very well, it is in the parish of St. George's, in Kent-street, on the left hand side of the way; I live withm six or eight doors, of Mrs Cooper; 1 was called up at about seven in the morning; when I went out I saw the itiob attacking Mrs. Cooper's house; they wore, along while pulling the house about before I went nigh it; they made a bonfire of the things;

I went up to the place and threw water upon the front of that house, and the two houses adjoining; at the same time pavis was at work in the front part of the house, pulling up the boards in the window it is a kind of a bow window: there arc about two boards I imagine, in the front of the window; he was pulling those boards

«P- .; "

While he was do ng that, what were the

mob about? — Throwing the goods out and the partition and wainfeorinr, and burning the m.

Did you know Davis before ? — No, after they had done there they went up to the King's arms, and assembled before ;the house, in order to pull it down: they had been three times there the aighcJit-focg,*,. but the neighbours had got them away from the place; he afterwards came to my mother's; he had a link in his hand at both places, he struck at me with it: he then went to a house, No. 2, in Stone Cutter's-yard, opposite the Kings-arms: fheexpof-tulated with him, and told him he w^s mistaken, they had got to the wrong house; he, Davis went into the house; he said,

all is wellon Saturday I saw- him going through Blackman's street, towards St. George's fields; I laid hold of him, and brought him as far as the Church, and had him secured.

When you saw him 20 towards the church was he alone -No, several persons were with him.

How did thfcy appear ?--- In a very riotous manner* hollowing, end hooping, and swearing the house should come down.

Did he go away when he said " all was well?" — Yes, immediately; at that time; he was very much in liquor indeed, so that I beiieve he aid not really know w hat he did.

What time was that?- — I look upon it* a little after ten o'clock.

You saw him first between seven and eight ? — >! believe it was, or it might be rather later, that-was on the Thursday morning; he was in liquor when I saw him first,- and so he Was ail that day whenever I saw him; 1 believe- he really did not know what he did while he was there, but was encouraged by others; he looked at the books, but I believe he could not read a letter in the books.

Did he look at more than one ? Yes, he turned over several leaves and looked at them backward? and forwards, but I believe he could not read a word: there were Others looked over them as well as he.

You don't think he knew what he was about when he told them to go away ? — I do not believe he rightly did; when my mother came to expostulate with him, he seemed to have some kind of companion. t Several. people fiid the house shoeid come down, was the prisoner one c f thoie ? ---1 did not hear him say so.

DAVIS's defence.

I really was in liquor; I was up in St. George's-fields; there was a house on fire, I helped to work the engine; I had drank more beer than was proper, and really did not know what I did afterwards: I worked the engine to ftive otherhouses: we had plenty of beer, and bottles, wirh drams brought out to us to drink; 1 went up to the calves of my legs to serve the engine?.

Had any of the mob cockades ? — A great many had blue cockades.

Had the prisoner any? — I did not take particular notice of that.

Was there any particular cry among the mob ? — Only huzzaing^ and .; in a

riotous manner, but as to the words they

used

r

- by

-J

r

i

K&J I cannot say j I was in great fear for my own house; I was obliged to move great part of my goods; when they came down there, I said, " pray who gave you information?" they laid, " a perfori opj>o-sue in the street."

Information of what? — Of that house, as being a Roman Catholic house, winch it was not, but there was a Roman Catholic house down the yard that they were designed for, as some of the mob said, as they went out of the gate way, that was one house down the gate way.

Who did you a(k the question " who directed them to that house ?" — The man that answered me was in a high coloured coat, but I cannot tell who he was; he said, " it was a man that flood opposite gave him informationthe answer (was, that they were to have gone down to the next house.

Which of the houses was. you speaking of when you ashed them that question ? — I was speaking of the house which my mother lived in, which was No. i, Stone-cutter's yard; they were to have gone to No. 2, and that man had moved oft belt part of his things,

MARY JEWETT

1 live opposite Margaret Cooper's; on Thursday morning the 8th of June, I saw the mob pulling the house down; I saw John Davis pulling up some of the wain-fcoting, and flinging it out to the fire; that was about eight o'clock in the morning, he was inlide and flung it out at the window.

Up stairs ? — No, on the ground Poor, it was a bow window; it appeared to me to be the feat o<- r0e wainlcoting which he was pulling up. I saw' him an hour after that at the Bull's-head; he appeared to be much in liquor; he laid he could do this, that and the other; they were going to puli down a house that was next uoor to the Bull's-head; several women laid to him, pull clown; ho fad, fprak to three or four of we can any i ART V.

thin*; I willpafs my and tny word

will pass.

What clfo did he fry ? — I don't recollect the particular words; I looked at him, I thought lie had great power above the rest: if he could forbid fuel*, a thing as that, that made me take great notice of him; I fiw him again about one o'clock in the dry; I met one Mrs. Connor that lives in Kent-llrect, she was speaking about the terrible icene that had passed; Davis came by as 1 was Handing at Mr. Pickerell tho tallow-chandler's door, and gave me a blow upon the back which knocked dovrn two plates of victuals I had in my hand, and said, no poj eryt you hitch.

Was he by himself? — He was, I held up titc mu at, and laid, " my friend you will want this, my poor huihand and chil - dren mull go without their dinner."

Davit. I was not in the street ft:ft nor last to my knowledge, and the story of plate and victuals lhe Has laid to another person's charge.

Court. Have you ever uccufed any other per ion with knocking your victuals down? — No one person but himself, and Mrs. Connor that was speaking with me at the same time can prove it.

*ifury. At the time you was opposite MrS. Cooper's house, was the prisoner in the house ? — Inlide the house; I was on the opposite side of the way.

Could you diflindtly hear what he said across the street ? — No, I did not say that, what I heard him say was at the Bull's-head.

HENRY ALLPORT

I am a cordwairier: I flood at my own door, which is almost facing Margaret* Cooper's, on the Sth of June; I saw Davis th'-re at work with some tool or iron bars inlide the house; I observed him be- , fore that with a link under his arm.

Where ? — Facing the King's-arms; 1. spoke to him there, he was much in liquor I believe; I could not get an answer.

Was he by himself oi were there other

Zj people

t <*> i

people with him? — Several of the mob Were with him.

Were cither of the other prisoners there? --1 saw this man there; they used to call him by a nick name; I find now his name is Theodore Atkinson; I saw him in the house forcing ont the fore-part of the window in the lower room; he had a large {tick or iron bar in his hand; I saw him spread the timber that was on the fire, and he was lb much in liquor that he fell down upon his back in the mud.

Did yon observe whether he got t'ne‘ window-frame oat ? — it was got out, but there were a great many more men about it; b* Tides him.

1 You have known him for some years? -- Ves, he was in the la.fl war; he is, 1 believe on the clr ft at Chatham: I likewiib saw Smith there; I fa^y him Handing facing my door; 1 did not fee him do any thing hut carry some blue cniouis; the mob were then burning and destroying the house.

Did you fee the mob come up or go away? — There was a four squaie frame thrown out of the house, at the top of that, theie was an image; they tied that' image to the colours and I inw no more of them.

Kad he the colours when they tied that image to them ? — I cannot say particularly.

During, the time they were pulling this house to pieces whether there was any outcry or huzzaing of any so<t? — Yes.

Diu you observe the priKmcr Smith say any thing ? — cannot remember that 1 did.

Then all you observed was his Handing the re with the others ?- — Yes, 1 expected my house to be on fire every minute, and had two of my people employed in throwing water again it the wifidow flutters; I likewise saw Harrington there, 'he had a lfcic.k and a crutch; he had a yellow handkerchief tied to a Hick; he was at the house along with the rest.

Was he in the house ?-< — I am not po-fitive of ihati he was at the house and

walked through the embers of the bonfires when the goods were partly burnt , I thought he would have burnt himself.

How did he carry that handkerchief upon the fti*_k ? — Upon hii (hotilders; he was very much in liquor; he carried it upon a short (lick upon his shoulders huzzaing; he afterwards' went up the (ircet.

Diti any of the mob go with him up the flrect ? — No, they were ail dispersed I believe; some were gone down Long-lane; he was single by hitnfelf when he walked through the embers.

Deris. ]>id you observe me pabicular-ly ? — He had that link under his arm, the oakum was all fu7/7.y the pitch being off; 1 thought he looked very

Court. You said Harrington had one crutcji and one Hick ? — He had.

Did you know him before ? — -No, he had a long pair of ship trowsers on, blue and white; I am positive to hint.

Crr.fs Examination.

Had you known Thomas Smith before this time ? — -Yes.

Did you fee him come into the mob ?--

I saw nothing of him at no place but before my own door.

Had he the colours that you spoke of in his hand when you firH law him ? — Yes.

You did not fee those colours put - into his hand did you ? — 1 did not.

What kind of colours were they?- — Blue.

A blue handkerchief? — No, a piece of blue bunting.

Court to Aliport. What arc you ? — A

cordwainer.

HENRY KNIGHTLY sworn.

W as you. near Mrs. Cooper's house when it was attacked by the mob ? — Yes, it was on the Thursday about nine in the morning when I was there; I saw Thomas Smith there, I had seen him fe-vernl times; I saw him carry a blue flag.

Was he with the mob ? — He was Handing by them; the rest of the mob were at that time breaking the house to pieces.

Dtd you ice any thing done by those . that

" b y\i005l€ ----- ----- --- — -r-

r 91 1

that were out of the Jioufc ?- — I cannot say I did.

Or any acts or exprefiicns from them I — No.

Did they Hand quiet in the street r-r-h'a, they were buftiing about and setting the good? on fire.

How did.you observe Smith behave?--I caanot say i saw him doing any thing more than carrying a blue flag.

Was there any huzzaing whilst they were before the house ? — There was mobbing like.

What do you mean by mobbing like? — Hurraing.

Did he do any thing.of that kind ? — I cannot say particularly.

Did they all in general who wCre bc-fore the house ? — They all in general did.

Did you fee him come up writh the flag to the House ? — No, I saw him Hand very near among the mob.

Did you fee him go from the house ? — -I cannot say I did; I left the house bc-foie the mob went from it.

ofs Examination.

If I understand you rightly. Smith was quite inactive, he was not doing any thing ? — I cannot say 1 saw him doing -k y thing more than that.

Can you say he did not huzza ? — I cannot be positive to that; I cannot lay that 1 saw him huzza.

Was he entirely quiet and peaceable ? — 'Yes, as far as I know he was whiMI saw him.

Did you fee any body put the flag into his hand ? — I did not.

Did you fee him when he came up to the house ? — He was there before I came up.

How long rrnght you observe him holding the colours? — Five, six or seven mi-, nutes; then I left the house.

What kind of colours were they ? — Not over large.

What kind of a flick were they tied upon f — A (lick about twelve feet long.

Court. Did you observe any letters cr

writing upon the colours ? — I cannot say that I did.

THOMAS BICKNALL

I live, nearly opposite Mrs. Cooper's house; I can lpeak to none, of these prifo-ners but Smith, and 1 did not fee him do any thing, only I was present at his being taken; there was a flag carried, but who by I do not know. On Friday the 9th of June, when many of us had got together for the purpo/e of seeking after forne of the people who had been most active in the riots, an information was given us where to find the Lr.sign, that was this Smith; we went accordingly into a lane in Bermondsey, there we found Smith, he was iharpemng a cross cut saw; I thought £ knew him nivielf we took him into custody; his mother who lived l ight opposite the gateway, after (he heard her ion was taken ran down to us and denied us to come up Hairs and fire w'ould deliver what goods were brought into her house; {lie took z balket from under a bed or cheil of drawers fuil of books and papers; it was a fort of hamper that they bring butter out of the country in; I looked into -several of the books, there were three or four music books, we brought the ooooks away and brought him before the magistrate; the basket and the books wre delivered to Mr. Hall the keeper, who has them now.

You found nothing the re but the books? — No.

Crop Examination.

When you was near Mrs. Cooper's hojife you.law a flag there? — Yes.

You don't know who carried that flag ? — No.

Did you observe the porfon, whoever he was, to say or do any thii g with it ? — rl cannot say.

Court. Was any thing laid about the books or papers in Smith's presence ? — I believe not, there was before the magistrate when he was examined.

Mention what was laid about them in his presence r — They were produced, we related the manner in which theys were

taker.;

r 91 j

taken; Smith salt], I think, that somebody "av'f hi in the basket or the books at the

1 King's-bench.

JOHN. ELLIOT sworn.

Do you know Magaret Cooper's house ? — Yes.

Was you there at any time on Thursday the fcih of June, when the mob was/ there ?Yes, i law John . Harrington there,; he had a crutch and a.(tick, in his hard, and he had got a kind of yellow handkerchief as a flag which he was flourishing about, and with his crutch he was knocking at peoples doors, and huzzaing, and crying out , and

was making every body else who seemed to be peaceable neighbours cry out, no popery; there were pieces of wood and furniture which had been thrown out of Mrs. Cooper s house lying in the direct Scattered about, he kicked them upon the flames, the major part were demolohed by the flames; I saw him run through the embers of the fire once or twice huzzaing;

I did not fee him do any thing more than < i have related.

Court. Did you know Harrington before ? — 1 never saw him before that time, but I am very certain he is the man, observing he was lame; I said to several of the neighbours, " what a pity such a fellow should go unnoticed by the inhabitants, and pass unpunished," as I thought it was a very tafy matter to secure him, for he appeared to be very much in li-. quor.

ATKINSON'S I might be at Mrs. Cook s house, but I Cannot lav, I was so much in liquor, f ' DAVIS's

I was very ill in bed, I had kept my bed four days; I went to see the soldiers, there were two of my acquaintance there; we had some fainion } they a filed me to eat with them; while we were eating the salmon at a public house there came news that an house was on fire in St. George's Fields; the man that was along with me lived near to the house that happened to be cn fire j he font a young man off, I went

with him so fee what was the matter

when I came there, there were two en-. gines there, and the flames of the goods that had been destroyed on fire to a great-pitch, so that they took, the cornices of the house and even the (butters, they could not get any body ..o work the engines } L flood up to the calves of my legs in water, and supplied the engines; I worked hard and sweated much, and being in a low Hate of health I drank too much of the liquor that was brought to the h»use which overcame me; I then went to the same place where I was before and had two or three pots of beer; 1 came as J thought to go home, and I drd go into the Borough, where I lodged'; the people were gone to bed j I laid down in a corner till morning, I found it was not a proper time to call any body up, so I walked about and got some more beer; in walking about and drinking I spent that day till between feveri and eight o'clock, then I went home, to bed and did not get out till Saturday between twelve and one: I was going tc* take a walk.into St. George's Fields; when I was walking (as innocent as any creature in the world) this man catched hold of me and said, you arc the perfori I wanted ;" he took me before the magistrate and I was committed to prison;

I had been at work in the Borough but nine days, I hau worked in the city before that; I came from Worcestershire in March last, and had no . acquaintance in London; I could not get; work at Birmingham; I am a glazier and painter; I could not get any work till I came, to St. Alban's, then being so near I thought I would come to London.; I came up with'* Capt. Green in a coach; Capt. Green took . me to his house to lodge; he is a inau that enlifls for all parties, I believe.

Dor is.

- JOSEPH MARTLN /went.

Davis lodged in my house a week, about four months ago; he w?.' then just come out of the country; I did not know Jinn before that time.

Have you known any thing of him since

— Not

_____-

I 9# J

- -Not since; he is a plumber, glazier and p iinter by trade; he worked in painting for ax>ut three weeks at the printing-house in

1 yinting-house-yard, Coleman-street: I h ive not seen him these three months 5 I thought sometimes the man was disordered in his head.

In whatrespecl ?--- Out of mind at times.

Did that appear to proceed from liquor ? — Sometime* with liquor, and sometimes Without.

SAMUEL PENDRILL funrn.

I. have known Davis from a child; w£ Were school-fellows; his family's and his character have been unstained.

Have you known him down to the present time ? — We were educated together;

2 had not seen him for some years till he came about the 4th of March last to fee me ih London; I have known him fmcc that time j he learnt his business of his father, who is a plumber, glazitr and painter in the town I was born in: he went to work at the printing-house as a labourer; I have not seen him iartly; I have not seen him this tnonth or five weeks.

Do you know of his working any where' ' ife bendes at that printing-house? — He was at work at a painter's neat Newgate-street, as he informed me; his father is d.i ordered in his head.

Were any of the family subject to this rrrder in the head besides the father ? — 1; ok upon the prisoner to be the fame from appearances; I have thought him so since he has been in London, and he has declared to mC, when he has been solid and sober* th&r he was not right in his mind; and he has varied in his conversation very much.

Do you mean to say, that since his com-i.jg to town, when you have seen him, , he appeared not to be right in his mind ? — HedidV;

Can you give any mftanees of.inf2nity ? — He applied thme when he came to town, in d i ft refs, he had such ways

with him where he lodged, he was so auda-t ious n®-body could bear it: 1 often difeourfed with him* upon it, and froiiV that I- 5 would go into the greatest extremities,-Part V.

bnd it would be no use so speak to him-j 1 would tell him fiftytimes I would talk to ‘him and get him a lodging and other ner ceffaries fit for a person in d iff refs, i

Do you mean distress in mind or circumr stances? — It was distress ih mind; he has ofterf told me he was troubled in his muid^ and he was not at rest, and he would often Vary in his discourse.

' JOHN HANCOCKS sworn.

I have known him seven years; hd w.> employed by his brother at Kidder min fter in Worcestershire,. when he could work, but sometimes he was a little out of his mind; and then he jobbed about when he could not go on in his painting bu/hiefs to do it as he should do.

Have you known him down to this time ? — Till within about three months in the Country.

Where do you live ? — At Broadwater iii Worcestershire, within a mile of JCidder-minster, where his brother lives and carries on the glaziery and painting business.

What brought you to town ? — - I am a relation to Mr. Hall, I came to afifft him and happened, to see the prisoner at the bar; f little thought; of seeing him in this fixation; he has a very honest character in the country, and honest parents; the family live at Clevery, eleven miles from Kiilder-minitcr; the family reside there now; his father has been rather a lunatic for some years.

Davis. I have been confined in a mad-house.

Have you known that ? - — I cannot? say I know that of my own knowledge; I have heard thaj the family. had been at times a good deal disordered in- their minds.

Court. Do you keep a public house? — The Bull's-Head at Broadwater in Worcestershire.

/ JOHN COFFIN

The prisoner came to work for me on the 25th or 27th of May; he worked for mq till the 3d of June; he behaved very well, in respect to: his character 1 have nothing to accuse him with, but found him so exceeding ignorant that I could hardly make him uhderstand to do my business as it A a should

G 94 J

should be done, that was the reason that I discharged him. I believe he was very ho-'ncft; I never heard or found any thing to the contrary.

Did you know any thing of him before that time ? — No^ nor fence.

Did he appear, to you to be at all difor-tfered in his head?---1 did not take so much tiotice as to draw any conclusion that that Was the case; I have thought him excce-dingly ignorant when I have spoken to him;

I did not seem to be angry with him because I thought it was his ignorance.

SMITH'S Defence.

I was coming up Kent-street, I saw the mob by Mrs. Cooper's house, a man came up to me and laid, damn your eyes and limbs you dogy if you do not take bold of this flagy

( which was a bit of ribband (luck on a bit of stick) I will chuck you into the jire: I took hold of the flag, and held it about three minutes, then 1 went away to an acquaintance's house,. and I was not there at the time the house Was pulled down.

For Smith.

JOSEPH SUMMERS

I five at the signof the Fox, in White -street; I have known Smith Several years;

I never knew any thing bad of his cnarae-terI have worked in the yard along with him j he is a sober ind'uftrious young man; he is a fawycr; he worked constantly at his business ever since I knew him, which is nine or ten )cars.

How Tong is it since you worked together ? — Four or five years with one Mr. Hallett, in White street,' a* timber merchant.

To the time of this, affair ? — No, four or five years ago, but I havoknown him ever since, and have been many times in his company.

Did you fee him after the fire ? — He was at the sign of the Fox, in White-street, at the time the Cage was pulling down, drinking a pot of beer with his father and another man or two; that was the day rbis house was pulled down: he came there first about ei^ht in the morning, and' was there till past nine or better on the M 4

Thursday I went to call him back; I acted him where he was going to; he laid, to a house in Royal court yard; 1 saw him go out, and turn down Royal court yard; hu said, he was.going to a pin header's.

; Did his father go with him I — Not that I saw. .:

Court.'.How old is Smith? — Eighteen years old.

And did he work at sawing ten years ago ? — About nine years; I never law at lad work, like him in my fife; I believe he was apprenticed to his father.

Did he continue to work for his father-to tjnis time ? — I cannot say.

JOHN QUINCEY sworn.

I am a timber merchant; 1 have known Smith about four years; he has borne the best of characters ever since I knew him the belt character I ever knew a lad bear: 1 have, ever since I have known him, held him forth as a pattern to every lad I knew: I have employed him for more than a year, he was the best lad I ever knew in every respect; whenever there was any irregularity committed I, always attributed it to be on account of the father and not of the son.

WILLIAM RHODES-/^.

I keep a cooperage, near Sx.. John's church* in Horlley down; I have known Smith about two years; he was my servant when be was taken into custody; the has behaved himself extremely well; 1 never had so much work done by any man in.hw: way of builaefs in my life as I have had done by that boy: ne has worked for me except when he nas gone to do] a job foe, other people, for we have lawyers occasionally sometimes two, sometimes three pair, and sometimes only one: the father works as a top-man,. the prisoner. as the pit-man: I was greatly surprized when I heard he was taken into custody; how it happened i cannot tell; I revet saw him in liquor in my life, arid he lives directly opposite me.

JOHN RHODES

I am son to the last wjtnefa-

You have I believe the management of your father's business I — I have.

[ 95 ]

Do you know Thomas' Smith ^-'--Yes, it has been my business to employ ami overlook him for these two years oft' and on; he has behaved very well; he is poffefted of the moll fobricty 1 ever saw one of that bufirtfefs* and is very' diligent in his 'business. —

— --CRACKLO W.yiyanr.

I am a publican; the prisoner's father and mother are tenants to me; I have known the prisoner about a year; he is an honest, sober, diligent, hard-working young fellow; and scho' I keep' a public houl'e just by where he lives, I do not know that he was ever in my houic ten times; he lives with his father and mother.

HARRINGTON'* Defeme.

I was in bed till past. eight o'clock on the Wednesday morning; 1 am subject to fits; Tfell into a fit opposite St. Thomas's hospital-on Wednesday; before I got assisted I bruised my leg in a terrible manner; two gentlemen came and carried me home, and I was in fits at home all the afternoon; on the next morning (the Thursday) I was not able to get out of bed till past eight o'clock; then my landlord, my landlady, myself, and several lodgers in the fame house went down to Mr. Bew's at the Fox; we fat on the bench 'at the door till the mob were all gone out of Kent-street; we drank feme beer there; I never was near the mob, nor never saw the house as I know of ELIZABETH STREET

Harrington lodged with me a month before this disturbance happened, and dowir to that time.

Had you known any thing of him before ? — I have seen him before, but 1 had no acquaintance with him till he came to lodge with me; hfe alwiys behaved true and ho-neitly, and exceeding well in the house.

Was he a healthy young man at that time? — NoJ he had fits, he was taken ill on the Sunday before, and remained in fits the night before the disturbance happened" at the Cage.

How many hours might he be in that fit ?r — Itcamion about two o'clock; my maf-ter went to-bed. at three in the morning.

It I rifled then an hour? — As near as I know; I was in bed, my husband was up.

Had he fits before r — Yes, three or four days.

Do you know any thing of him on Wed-nesday and Thursday ? — He was at the house all day on Wednesday, and in fits; on Thursday night he was taken ill again; that was the last fit I ever knew him have in house.

Whnt time nn Wednesday was he in fits ? — About three o'clock, as my ha ft a id told me in the night; I was in the room even with him, he fat up so late, btcaufc the pri — foners who were let out of the New Goal-threatened to set our house on fire, therefore my husband laid, I it 'lift up o-rlzva and when I goto-bed you may get up 1 got s

up at five o'clock ;. I did not open the house till fix.

What time did Han ington go out ? — Near eight.

Was he very well then ? — Not well; he* could not go without crutches; he went and fat down at Mr. Bew's door, that was about an-hundred yards from our house.

Had he used a crutch before ? I never saw him go without two from the time I first knew him till now.

What is his employment ? — I cannot tell* any more than being a seafaring man; he did nothing while he lodged-with me; he was fit for nothing.

Did you fee him at Mr. Bew's ?- — I did.

How long did he flay there ? — He was there at the time Mrs. Cooper's house and' goods were all burning; when I came back again from Mrs. Cooper's I flood up at Mr. Knightlcy's door while the fires were all a-light; that was about nine o'clock, for I believe it was not half an hour from the time they burnt the wood of the Cage til! they went to Mrs. Cooper's and pulled it all down."

Did you fee tke prisoner fitting at Mrs. Bew's door whilst you saw the house pulling, down ? — I did; I went to the pump for a pitcher of water, I kicked his crutch away; that was past nine o'clock, and I stooped down to give his crutch into his hand again.

YV hen

t 96 )

When did you ,*omc back again suppose in about half an hour; i iheqi went to a green grocer's in Kent-street; when I came back again the prisoner was Handing in the same place j I can't be particular as to the time then, but it was, X believe, pretty near ten o'clock.

How far is Mr. Bew's house from Mrs* Cooper's ? — About a dozen doors oft', it is on the other side of the street.

Did you fee him at all join with the mob ? — I did not upon my word.

Remember you ar-e upon your oath ? — Ppon my oath, I did not fee him join with the mob, for when I went up Kent-street the second time to the green grocer's the mob was all disperseu, and the tire was all stat down in the streetj there was no great wood upon the fire. ..

Cross Examination.

What was the effect of the fits upon him when he was in them ? — -Hewoold fall first ~ a laughing, and then lay hold of any-bpdy and gripe them very fastj he was brought home on Sunday night from, somewhere by London Bridge, and continued so till Wed-, ocfday.,

Your master guarded the house till three, and then you was to come and take his place? r-Yes. - .

When the mob came into the street you left your houfq and went down to Mrs*, Cooper) — Yes j I had the key of my ovyn doors, and the windows were all fast.

That was security enough ?, — J thought so. ,.

What time did you go out? — To the bt ft of my knowledge, 1 went down to Mr. Bew's door about six o'clock.

What had you to say at that time ? — The Cage was then partly pulled dpwn, (

How long did you stay ,ft^rc ?->--I r^ightj stay about a^uarter of an hour,t}ica Learn#, home; I staid at home till about 7 o'clock, ( then I went out again to Mr. Bjew's door.

They had demt.Mhed the Cage/ —

Cage w;as all demolished. long before,

Then what did you go the second time, to Mr. Lew's for?. — Because I was afraid: of seeing so much destruction going .^iuj

You left your own -house for few? —

Yes.

If you had kept in that house that was perfectly secure, don't you think you ihculd have been safe ?- — I can't say.

So you left your house that was secure, and went to the Cage i — ( was ^fraid to go to the Cage,

The Cage was demolished at this time ? — Yes it was j after they made a,fire there was none of them at the Cage.

When yyu went the second time to Bew's there was>no mob at the Cage ? — No, they were all then at Mrs. Cooper's.

At seven o'clock you think they were at Cooper's ? — 1 believe they were, I can't say particularly what time they began there.

How long did you stay there when you went the fecoud time ? — I can't say particularly, I went down to fee how that place >vent on for fear the fire fhc.uld take bold of the other houses.

How far is that from your house ? — About twenty yards. -: -

How iong did you stay at Bew's door when you went ^t seven o'clock ? — Not quarter ol'an Houri; then I went home. , Was any body up when u, came homo again ?--£. went home, ana (sold my buf-band what destruction ificre pyvas,: 1 laid, u get up and fee what they are doing,' he laid, " what help can 1.be of now it is all down?" '

Did you call the: p/ifoner up to help ? — Be di^l not, get up. I believe till cighc q'cloqkj.. . .

How long were they degiolishing Cooper's h.ause ?-- They did: not take half-an hour. I believe to do it t they began at seven q'clock,.

Then, it must all b? oyer before eight-o'clock, was, that; io i — They were not*

lono; about, it. /

Was i4: deawlished. before he went out ? v — Yes, it was., and quite down, but the fires were not q^i.ttf cxtioguished.

The pulling down the house. was> all over whet?, he went out<£* — 1 m fore it was, the neighbours are here that know it

r:

Then

j

'Then wRat diu Harrington (>0 to fit down to look at ?- — I cau't say more than to call for a pint of beer.

Is Bew's opposite Cooper's ? — It is on the other side oJ the way.

What fort of dress had Harrington on that morning? — I don't know what fort of trowlers, but he had the fame jacket on he has now.

You went again there after he went there ? — I went down to get peas for dinner, that was pretty near ten o'clock; I believe the house w'as pulled down then and the fires all out} I saw him then Handing the re.

.. You f w him at ci^ht o'clock ? — I did, and when L went for water.

So in truth he never llirrcd from his feat ? — -I can't say that I saw him really.

I ire latt time you are fare, for you know you knocked the crutch out of his hand r- -No, that was the middle tim'V

At that time the fire was out 1 he fire was not out till eleven o'clock, but the mob were all gone down Long-lane.

When did the mob leave it ? — Really, I don't know; I believe I was in doors when they went away; they went av/ay by degrees, they did not all go in a body} I r.an't lay particularly when the latt of them went.

Is your matter here? — No, he saw nothing of him, because he was in bed } it was pretty near ten o'clock before he goj up.

By your matter, I suppose you mean (your husband: — Yes.

MARY KO'vVNES sworn.

I know Harrington, he was in his bed at half after eight o'clock } Mrs. Cooper's limf* was nuiicd down, burnt and de-llroyeil before he was out ot* his bed.

Where do vou live ? — At Mrs. Street's in Ncvv-alley; he lodged there, it was better than half after eight o'clock before he went out of the hoof"; he went out as foan as he got up to Mr. Bew's} he had a pint of beer, and before ever he went t'jo.n Mr. Bew's, I dart say it was alter nine o'clock.

Part V. I

You think it was after nine o'clock ? —

I am certain of it.

Did you fee him at Mr. Bcw's: - - I fat upon the bench with him at half after nine o'clock, he d,d not get oft* the bench at all whiltt 1 was there} I went home to my quarters from Mr. B-vv's.

Did the prtfoner go with you? — No,

I k ft him at Mr. Bew's.

What enables you to speak so certan as. to the time of his getting up and going N> Mr. Bew's, and when you left Mr. Bew's ? — I am a lodger in tire house } hearing of the riot I went out arid left him and his landlord both in bed, and I am positive it was half after cirht before he came down. (lairs, and it was nine when I left him upon the bench; Mr*. Cooper's house was pulled down, her goods burnt, and the mob partly gone before 1 left the place or the prisoner } he was fitting the re when' they came down with the bloody Hag; there was fom-thing upon the flag, the y said it was one of the images they w.orftupcd, Hariingtoji made answer, no, gentlemen, then is

no crop upon it, and they brought the bloody flag and the frame bt pi&u:cs, one had 0:1c of the images at the top of the flag and the (ither' they threw upon the lire*} he was. Handing the re, they lard it W'as one of the graven images they wor-fl'.ip; as the) c.une be him, and as he was fitting upon the baumi, he la d, it is net, gen tunnni,f r there is no upon it.

When d'.d you fee him again? — Not anove an hour after, rather within man more; then ho returned to his quarters \ he came and fat down, and where he went after is unknown to me.

Cro/i

How long have you lodged at this house ? ---1 believe about three months.

Does your hafoanu lodi/c there with vou?

v;

— 1 es.

He was in the h^ufc, perhaps, at this time ?--- Hc w'as at Mr. Bevv's door taking ft; a re of part of the pint of beer with tins young man.

B b Did

I

V

Did this young man give him a pint of beer?--- l do not know whether he or my liuibuid paid for it.

V» hat time did you get up ? — Between fevun and eight o'clock; I was up ]uf! as the Ctgc was pulled down j !v nevi r e.me out till the me b were returning from Mis. Cooper's, and the) brought down th - bloody flag.

Who brought down the bloody flag ? — I do not know, they were all ftxapgus to me. t

You staid out from the time you went out of the house till after le\.;n ?-~Ycs.

He did not ca me down to I lew's door till near nine f — It was half-after eight when he got up out of his bid.

When he came there the house had been gutted ? — It was down and set on fire before ever he got to the end of the alley.

Were any of the mob in the hou£r it that time, or was the bjfnv.fi done ? — Iru; bu-finess was done, and the furniture set on fire.

Could you fee distinctly into the house ? — -I was not up at Mrs. Cooper's-, we could fee di.ftinctiy the flames ofvthe furniture on fire.

Could you fee into the house r — I did not.

Then you*do not know who was in the house ? — Not a mortal that was infidv the house, or yet pulling any of the thing.; down, for I was no farther th, n Mr. Bevv's.

How far j., rhat from the fi'c which was in the front of Mrs. Cooper's house? — I was not up near it,

Yo.u do not feern to have seen any thing done at Mrs. Cooper's ? — 1 saw the light of it; I was at Mr. Btw's door and no farther.

What tirrv' did you com Mr. Bcw s? — A horn seven o'clock; Harrington did not come there till half after eight.

Is Mrs. Conner's house between your house and Dew's ?--^No, Mrs. Cooper's is a good way higher up in the iTrect.

Then acco ng to yo uco int this man never wa ar the louse ?.-- He m -

*ex was, more titan the child unborn, not

till the furniture was deHroyed nrd he. hcu(* down.

D-d, he go th re after t was down N, t that i know cf.

H" l-'t Quiet v drink no- with vmi and your hush.m ! ?--- Ye , tij‘ my hufN.r.d' t one home; wlH.rc lie w nt afterwards I d > not know.

What is your hufbuml ? — A cripple; rry hnfband is a fa lor; h.,d 'he pally on one side: I am a cripple myself, and have been so these twelve years.

How do you p;.v for your keep and your lodging My hToiiird has a licue lain rv.

Harrington was lame then? — He has a wound down his kg four inches long.

Had he any handkerchief then ? — No handkerchief but what was about hit neck.

Did he take it oft ? — No.

What colour was it ? — A red ground with yellow flowers; he bought it about a week b fore. '

Had he got the image you law r — I saw no image he had; I law two brought down, one upon the bloody fkg, as they called it; they laid it was one of the images they worshipped; Harrington said,' " no, gentlerw-n, it is no image, tlwre is no cross upon itthat image was brought down on the bloody flair, and put upon the f: re. *' '

Was that ever paf ir'o his hand; did he take it r — -No, I Sm certain ;t was iv.-t, because I was tlwre \yiion they came down, and when they pallia lie was fitting ar. that time along f:dcmy husband: they can e

down that street, and turned down White-ftj'eet.

D'J you fee them come out of Cooper's? — No, but ht was fitt:rg the; e when the mob came, and went down White-i'cmt when the man brought the image upon the flag, and another brought that image down in his hard.

What colours were what you called the bloody flag ? — A red'and blue, the people cailed it the blocciy Hag.

How near did he bring that to him ? — That was in the middie of the road.

' - Did

---

r

Did he get of the Vnch to look at it ? — No, he- never got oir trie bench to look, at it.

And that bloody flag and ima?e wre bunt wii.lc v'iu w.is ihan. ?*'-No, h y never burnt it at ail, the mob catri d me foody flag and the image tied upon it down White-Rect.

D'd you ever fee his hand kerchief afterwards? — No, he had not got it when he came home in the evening, but what became of it I cannot tell.

I. your husband h ie ? — No, he has an impediment in hi* speech, and is thick of heating. '

JOSEPH SOMMERS/aw*.

I a flifred Mr. Bew.

Wh.rt time did the Prisoner Harrington come there in the morning ? — About'eight o'c.x-h, un i asked me for a pint of beer, I fiery-d him with it. '

Where did he fit? — At the door; hi Had about ten or a dozen minutes at the dvi ir drinking it.

Was any body with him ? — Nat any body as I know of.

i):d you fee him drink the beer ?--- T gave it into his hand; he paid for it.

Did you take the j'tot from-him ? — I did not, I went in doors d-irecily-

How loon did you come out again ? — About ten or a dozen minutes.

Was he there then.? — I cannot say I saw him there thmi; we was so bu-fy, one might not rmu u b r every one that was round the house at that present time.

Croft Examination.

Had your business cncieased between your first observation of him and that time ? — No, but I obfirved him the firlf time beciufe I fervft him with the brer-

Were you ever ten minutes from the <l"Or? — Yi s, at tirru-S I was in doors.

Hovv often did you goto the door ?- — Several times.

Did you ever fee him after the first

3

99 3

time, when you gnre him the beer ? —

No.

v\ h. t wis th mob doing when he came? — 1 hey r.ad a large fire.-. . ue th"y taking the furniture out of tlr house at tout time ? — No, the furni« lure was paidy out, i did not go up.

Did von fie the mob handing thing? out to the fire ? — No, I only law the mob, f did not go from mv dooi.

(,<urt. You find ou was out five or six times, did you bi ing beer ou to other p o-ple? — I w< nt out to put the liiutttrs up on account of tin. fire horn tin cage $ that was after I had given him th: beer.

Was there any b.ncn tvfore your house? — Yes, under thu windows.

Was there any body fitting upon the bench when you put up the fLutters ? — £ cannot fiy there was. -:

7o AHlort. Did you fee who tied ths image on to the colours ? — 1 die] not.

ATKINSON'S

I do not know where Mrs. Cooper's house is, nor never did to-my knowledge: i was very much in liquor n Thursday morning; whether i did any damage or not I

can not say. ' ' --

For At!: infer.

JOHN SMI IyH [worn.‘

T have 'known Atkinfim about three years; he works at liiliingl'g.ue; he s a-h.lrd working man; 1 never heard any

thing am;Is of him before.

j — y — PACK. IN 3

r got my bread at Billiucrfirate; I knew this man every day working ar: the gte and carrying goods for us; I have known him many years in the market: i have fat at

the gate thele dozen years, under the One Ton window, I have kno.vtj him the bell part of that time to work there; he is a drunken reprobate man; he gets drunk, I believe, with moil of the r. ot»ey he grts;

I never kn -w any harm of Lifi; I have sent him home w.th goods of mine, i :.1~ ways found my goods honed and just when 1 went home.

RICHARD

C I0£> 3

: . RICHARD FiNCH-fxvtfv.

I have known Aticinlbn k v-;n years; I arn in the nih way at Rilima.:p\tte; he is a hard working man, he is aiways there attending has bttfitwl > and curving heavy loads; I know nothing civ of him. ' WILLIAM -CpLK He has. worked at tunes f" nr; for Upwards of ten.years, he wa> alww. s jail and honeil in whatever property of mine he took in his-hands; he a) way's behaved very vvr'» to me.

DAVIS, 1

SMITH, and , . (Not Guij.tv. . , HARRINGTON,) \;

ATKINSON, Guilty (Dwflj.) —

JOHN BARTON, was indeed, (<* that be: together with loTy other p-.rfons and rtior,-, did unlawfully, riotoufij.', and tumultuously aliemhle on the 8th of June to the ditliubance of the public p ace, and did begin to demolish and puil down the dwell ing-house ot Edmund Doud, against the statute. , .

... ' i.

THOMAS DODD -

You arc I believe a son to Mr. Edmund Dodd ? — I am.

Where is Mi. Dodd's house? — In Lombard-Ptiect in the Mint; i was at my lather's at the time the Bench was on lire on Wednesday night.

When did the ifnob come to your father's home: — They came about twelve o'clock; I was Handing at the Wheat-ihiaf lacing mv father's house; I saw two men come haIhzOing out I laid,

" what do you want," they said, here is popery, I laid, " there is no popery here," the prisoner said, yat he, damn you, you have I'tun moving your goods all day to the public house Lthe hi/ he atfi-e af; he said I had broke n pane of glass of his that coll him nine-pence, and my lather would not pay for it; I took hold ot a man who came along with him and brought ,him go the front of the house, I shewed him that there were lights in the windows; I laid there t vas no popery,with which he seemed

very well satisfied.

What

The SEVENTH PART of the SESSIONS PAPER.

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Rioters,

Was l'ubiished this Morning (i rice SIX-BENCE.)

A I, S p

B R A C II Y G R A P H Y:

1 Or, An calv'.and compendious System of Short-Hantd,

1 . {DEDICATED with PerrniiTion to the KING,)

A W At P T F. D

(After more than Forty Years Practice) to the various Sciences and Profeiliems,

Bv late Mr. T H O M A S G U R N JE Y

The NT N I 11 EDI i 1 O N, considerably improved a'Cmding to the prefect Method,

By Ms Son and Succ (Tor, JOSEPH GURNEY,

(W RITF.R O I- T H ESh FROCELDiNGif Sold (Piice HHf a G-tinea) by M Guryev, i\o. 54. BJl Ta>d, i emjle-bur.

' The Booh is a f flu u-nt. )ndrnc:->r of Hdk but it any Diditultics occur they litail be reraor-fd upon Appiic Ton to the Author without anry additional Ex. cncc.

' '1 rials at Law, and Arguments of Count'd are take* in r hort-Hand, by J. OLRNE/.

--L>y

______

THE

P R O C EE D I N G S

ON THE

KIN G's Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surr y,

H £ L D A T

St. MARGARET'S-IIILL,

On Monday the 10th of July, 1780, and the following Day*;

1

% BEFORE

The Right Hon. ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH, Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOULD, Knight, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer;

AN*

The Hon. FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

Tak.cn in SHORT-HAND (with Permission of the Court)

By JOSEPH GURNEY,

Short-Hand-Writer at the ScfTion in the Old Bailey.

PART VI.

3:

LONDON:

Printed for JOSEPH GURNEY,

And Sold by M. GURNEY, No. 34, n!j near TerjU-Bat.

M.DCC.LXXX.

[PRICE SIX-PENCE. ]

THE

I

P R O C E EDI N G S

O N T H E

KING's Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry, &c.

£ Continuation cfthe Trial yjOHN BAR TO N. j

X^HAT man was that ? — A man that Taw two or three men, I could not tell was with the prisoner; that man exactly the number, go into Air. Dodd's went back again and Did, we will mur-faoufe; I followed them into the house tier the eld thi'fif he tells us a lie. immediately; I found two or three men

\Vho did he meat' by the eld thief? — in the kitchen, I endeavoured to perswade J 04; not knmv; he went up to th< prilo- them not to do any damage there, but I ner, the prisoner turned round and beck- Found talking to them was ia vain; the cried with his hand to that- man, and said, prisoner was one of them, he seemed to he a tome along, <onit ahr,g; they went away little in liquor.

up Btueboar-ailey, and in about live mi- Whether these were the first people that autes a mob came. went into Mr. Dodd's house.?- — I cannot

Was the prisoner with the ,mob ? — I exactly tell whether they were.; they were did nor fee him with the mob* I did not the people i found there when I came ia. fee him any more that night. Had any mischief been done to the

Wb«it mischief was done to your house house then? — None at all. by the mob? — They knocked all the Did they make you any answer when window -frames out and -doors to pieces, you spoke to them to dilTuade them from and destroyed what furniture yte. % in the it ? — No, the prisoner took up a head house, and they robbed the house. board belonging to a bedstead, the candle

Did the mob come down the alley was knocked out with the wind of it, as which the prisoner went up? — Yes, the 1 imagine, whether designedly or not I fame alley that he went up; 1 did not fee cannot lay; after the candle was out, I which way he turned when he went up. quitted the house immediately and saw no How long were the mob these? — They more of it; I did not fee the prisoner do might be in and about the house half an any mischief; I came out of the house hoar or more knocking wltat they could immediately, it was in darkness; I saw to pieces. no more of the prisoner; when I got into

Prisoner.Whether you -ever saw me at the street I saw more people up flairs your father's house ? — I never did. knocking the glass and the window-

ROBERT ANDREW sworn. frames to pieces and knocking the paonels Do you know the prisoner ? — Yes. - in the rooms to pieces, but the prisoner I Do you recolle«St the night that Mr. believe had no concern in that.

Dodd's house was gutted ? — I was Rand- What more did you fee dune to the ing at my dwelling house door which is house?- — A great deal of damage was in Lombard-llr ect onpolitc iMr. Dodd's; I done, as much as could be without pull-

ug

I *°3 3

ing the house down; the doors and the windows wc.«v knocked to pieces, and the hifide of the house; the wainfcoting and partitions belonging to the room were pul-ied down.

How long might they be in the house ? — I cannot tell exactly, they might be half an hour; ] saw the prisoner in no part but the kitchen.

W ere there any number of people in the street ? — A mob of people, but I looked upon them all . to be neighbours; there 'Were very few of the mob there, I don't -think more than half a score.

Do you mean in the house? — In and outfidt, I would rather he under than ^vcr-

SUS ANNA SMITH sworn.

1 am house-keeper to Mi. Dodd.

Was you at Mr. Dodd's the night his house was attacked ? — I was.

How many of the mob might be there? — There might be a dozen.

How many were in the house ? — About a dozen of people.

How many about the house:' — I do not l;now, I was in the house.

Did you fee the prison~r there ? — He was the lirfifc that came into the house.

What did you fee him do? — He took up a head-board of the bed, he went into the kitchen and began beating lb? urell'er;

lighted candle flood upon the dresser, and a loaf and some butter; I took up the loaf -and butter then the rest of the mob came ail and the tight was put out.

Do you know which way it was put «»ut ?. — ( cannot say whether it was put out w:th the wind of the board or no; another candle was brought in, bur I do not know by whom, that was blown out too

You ha^e spoken of the mob coming in at two different cimes; when Barton came in first. bow many of the mob came in with him ? — He came in by 'him-leif; I saw none in the house but him at lirft^ I do »ut know how many came after him when

the lights were put out I walked out and saw no more.

How many came into the house afterwards ? — About a uozen.

What condition was the house in when ou saw it again? — The windows were" rokcn out, the partitions in the room pulled down, and the doors broke; a great deal of the furniture and partitions were destroyed in the house, and things were thrown out at the window.

Was there any fire made ? — There was . lire thrown out a.t the window, but a gentleman put it out.

Was no*, your hre put out before the mob came in ? — Wc had no hre in the house all the afternoon;, there were candles up in the chamber windows; they lighted something and rhreW it out of the window ou fire.

How loon did they begin to do mischief to the house after the prilc.uer cam? in ? — Directly, it miirhr be a minute or two.

Prison-r.i waved with my hand, and put it olf, I had no head board.

He had an head board in his hand.

When you came out of the home were there at;v people assembled outline the house ? — There were some out side, and fume up flairs in the house.

How many do you reckon according to the bell of your judgment, were w.'thia and without the house ? — There might be about a dozen within anJ without. JOSEPH HAINES

The mob were going pcit my house; I heard some of them say, " re is a house we are golug to pull down I live at the

Weaver's Anar, m Mint-street, at the corner of Blue Bell Alley, which is about one hundred and ffty yards from Mr. Dodd's ho all*; I was af raid they meant Mr. DoJJ's house, knowing him to b. a Roman Dath-dic: I took a Tick in my hand, anJ followed them to fee if I couid pacify them for fear th.y should fee the house on nrc: being lain?, I could not get on so fall as the mob did, but when i came up they were breaking cut of the yard 3 at

[ *<H ]

at the bncktids' of the house: the row of pales came all smack down together, and the puioner, with many otners, came over the pales after they were drove down: he said, there they ire down let us have our fire V'/t here; and he was walking onto a ruinous place, which is a large piece of ground,

1 fte.pt to him, and fi.d, O for shame of S'tut I elf are you concerned ? dejirrd to ygo oh cut his luehnejsand hove no concern

them, which he did immediately: I went to the front of the house, hut could fee nothing the re, therefore 1 v/ent again to the backside of it: I did not fee the prisoner in the house, only in the yard.

How did they break down the pales ? — They fell outwards from the house.'

You saw the prisoner with the rest of the people come over the paies ? — Yes.

Then you could fee whether he was coming from the house ? — He was then coming from Mr. Dodd's yard, coming front the house.

And he and the rest burst down the pales and came over them ? — Yes, there did come over them, but which pu/hed them down I cannot tcil; I knew no person among them but the prisoner.

There were so. many you said in front ve u could not 'get in r — Yes, they were fteighbours begging tire mob not to fire the house.

How many of the mob were there ? — When they passed our door the-c did not seem to be above a dozen of them.

When they came to the house, what number might there be ? — A number of the neighbours.

How many of the mob ? — I do not know for 1 could nm tell one from another.

Hid the prisoner seen you do you know before he propofi d the fire should be in that place ? — I cannot tell, for he absconded as soon as I fpokc to him.

Did vou fray any time ? — No, these people dispersed immediately, and Iwttt home, and then I found the prisoner drinking a pint of beer in my home, and he seemed to be very much in liquor.

Could you perceive whether the window had been drove out in the front of the house ? — I was lo lame 1 could not get near't; I really cannot say any thing about the house.

How long did you stay after you fpokc to the prisoner ? — He dispersed and so did the people that were-about making the fire they seemed to go towards the house agarn.

Then whatever mischief had Dcen doty to the house it was before you fpokc to the prisoner r — I believe it had.

Prisoner. hether I offered to set fire to, or demolish any part of Mr. Dodd's apartments t did not 1 go home with you to your house, and had a pint of beer ? — He went home before me, and staid at my house till his wife fetched him away, which was in about two hours j I heljeve he fell afieep upon the end of the table.

Prisoner's Defence.

I went to a little garden I keep at a place called Kensington-lane that-evening; I give a guinea a year for it: coming home the Bench was on fire; I turned up Blackmoor-street way to go home; Mr. Gray desired me to stay at his door; I staid there til! eleven o'clock, the guards were then passing thro' to the Bank; Mr. Gray said, we will jhutup) all things are safe with us> I

would have you go home and come in the morn-

ing and fee bow we do; going thro! a garden the lait evidence rents part of, I heard a mob coming thro* the narrow alley where he lives, I heard them say, writ hare it dozen. 1 was along with General i olfe, and had three Sails in me when he died; I have been /hot thro'-and-thro', and- ail my bones broken -, I lolt the use of them all ytt the taking of Louifbourg; I was with Capt. Goodall in the Winchester; I thought we should all be iet in flames if that was the way of going on , I went innocently into Mr. Dc del's house; I saw a fire lit at the corner of the cr.iier with splinter-, and matches; I put my hands to it and put it out: the pales were down, Mr. Haines met me, laid he, you are one I - cep rab-

bits, and with Idling the m} and a pension of

( lOf J

5/. a year I fvpport myself: I said to Mr. Haines, no, I hicks-God, Ih?vfiput the fire-out, as our houseshtreare all wood we should be ail burnt out. i hope you gentlemen and die court will find me not guilty; 1 am as innocent as a child yet unborn: i went along with Mr. Carpenter Smith, a justice overture-way; he fa id, jott brave

ruo*) J dt not blcii.it you chat you clone. My Lord, thir is the third time I have been uj prii'un for the fame affair; mft I was charged with ft call rig 2 flitch of bacon, two hams, a. great coat, and a gun; they never re prefen c any of this charge; 2' man came and find,. 1 'Will streak your door;

1 Lid, bring an officer I will go-with you: that is all 1 have to say to your Lordship;

I can challenge any body te say any thing against my character all through rtrrs Bo-r«iughwick to the Bridge.

For the F

JOHN DEFONT AIN £ ftoont.

The prisoner is< a shoemaker by trade; he made {hoes for me for 8 or 9 years; he always behaved in an honest, just, upright manner to me.

"THOMAS HUDSON I have known the prisoner these eight-teen months, he lives in the fame house' with me'; he always behaved well* and was willing to-assist any man in extremity, cfpc-cially at any alarm of fire, or any thing of that fort; he is always ready to serve his neighbours night and day; his character is-nidi undeniable of all men I ever met with in my life*

Did you ever know him- to afliflr in any' fire I — Yes, at one Mr. Abbot's house in' the Mint about, twelve months ago; he was very ready to affiff.

THOMAS FLINT sworn.

He has frequently come to my wareh onfe;

1 am a- habeTda'her; his wife has worked (or me and my father before me for. twenty years; I have known him, by seeing him, for ten rears; I believe him to be a very, harm left, inoffensive, honest fellow; I have trotted him with-property I should not care-toloofe j I never the lea ft glimmering of

Fart VI*.

any,kind of difhdnefty -r I wouW trust hini sooner than any workman I have.

Guilty )

[He was recommended by the fieryto hit MajesV.> mercy.]

HENRY PENNY and JOHN BRID- PGRT, were indicted, iW that the-v with 4.0 other persons and more, cid unlawfully, rio-toufiy, and turmiituouily aillmble cm the 8th-of June, to the disturbance of the public pedee; and <iui begin to dtunoiifh and pull down the dwelling-hc.use of Margaret Coop-, cr,. widow,. an.rir ft the statute, ice.

MARGARET COOPER.

I was in bed; my maid came and laid, miltrels-, get up the rioters are cominir; I laid, dc n't take any notice, I am lure they wili pais by and not totion us; just as wo1 said thcle words, Henry Penny c une with ai lpear, he ran it thro' the windows and broke the shutters, and the gluts tumbled down*

Did you fee him ?- — I could not. th^n fee that it was him thro' the window; I ran backwards into the garden, I looked thro' the kitchen windows and ftw ic was Penny; I saw him knock down the chain he laid to the maid, where is year bloody' Fapi/i of 'artiijlrefsr>" I did*not fee him as he

entered the home, but I opened the kitchen! window, and lawhimeoming into rhchouse;i I saw him break the things, as he went along; when he asked for my oldPapift bitch-of a mistress, he said, h jpeur to run her thro' iht heart.

Did you know him before?- — Yes* 1 have seen him use a public house oppefite to me.1 They tore anu burnt: all the things before the door j the soldiers saved me one bed and tbrefe blankets; they took them with pretence to burn them; they threw them into1 an entry, and a pu-biican took care of them.

What condition did you find your house in when you came back ?--- I was afraid of my life; I locked myself up, and saw no-more about it till myhouse was all pulled

J3 d dawn,*

[ io6

Jown, and my goods demolished,which was next day but one, all the inside of the house was delfroyed, the partitions, wain footing, and every thing was pulled down, and the furniture burnt.

Penny. What time wa6 I at your house ? — -Between seven and eight in the morning.

Penny. What day of the week was it ? — -A Thursday.

Penny. What o'clock was I there on Thursday morning ? — -Between seven and eight.

Penny. What did yon fee me do? — Break thro' the windows as X went backwards.'

Court. Can vou swear that Penny is the man ? — I can swear it if 1 was to lose my last life.

' MARY FERGUSON sworn.

I am maid Isrvant ;o Mrs. Cooper, she lives in Kent-street; when the mob came I was opening the shutters, Penny is the Gentleman that would not let me open the shutters, but ran his spear through it before I could open it; I told him he had better no ton ter the house.

Had he 'any thing in his hand? — Yes; this-spear, (c kind of halbert)he broke thro' the

window-shutters. with it, and when he came into the house after he had broke the shut-ter, he drove the spear thro' a chefl of draw*: ers-; my mistress ran backwards to the yard,.

I ran to the kitchen and flopped Penny; he swore he mould kill her if he could find he hlajled his eyes and limbs, and said, dam-

nation seize his eyes if he would not be the de-' jlriUlion of her, or he would kill her; he said,

he knew h<r.

Mention the very words he used ? — He said, damn his eyes and limbs if he would not kill Margaret. Cooperfor fi>e was a pa-

pi/l bitch; while he was driving through the parlour into the kitchen, I got Mrs. Cooper out at the fore doorhe tore the kitchen doors down in three minutes,- and . drove the spear about, breaking every thing; he broke every window in the' househe broke down the wainfeotting: and the door as he fan through, and the winJows with that spear.

3

How Jong were -the mob in the house ? — I don't know; I saw no person but him; I went down on my knees to him, and said, pray go out of thep)ouse,what mif-chief is done may soon be L

begged him to go out, he then said what I mentioned before.

How many people might there be in the house? — I ran in a fright over to the Bull's-head; I can't tell how many; there were a great number there; I knew none but him, he asked me for a tinder-box.

What did he say he wanted the tinder-box for ? — He said, to set fire to the , for he was determined to have the house burnt down.

Penny. What time did you fee me in the house? — About half after seven o'clock.

Penny. What time was I pulling down the wainfeoting ? — I can't say, it was soon after he came in, he never spated a minute when he came in but worked as hard as he could.

How was he dressed ? — In a red waist-coat, and he had a black handkerchief on.

fury. Did you know him before ? — I law him go by. with the mob several times during the week of the rioting.

Did you know him before these riots began? — No, I never, knew him in ray life; the mob called him Penny, and said, be was the captain of the mob.

i Was he present with, them at the time the mob said that ? — Yes, and h.e had that halbert in his hand, that was on the Wednesday', the day before our house was-pulled down.

Did you hear them call him Penny ? — I heard them say, there goes the captain of the gang; what do you call him, asked

another? then \ said they. Penny, cite Penny is the captain of the gang.

' THOMAS BICKNER sworn.

I Kve nearly opposite to Mrs. Cooper

I was standing upon the steps of my own door about eight o'clock, j saw a large body of people coming up the street, a-

mongfl

I t07 I

mongst the rest was Penny the prisoner, he was in the front of them with that instrument in his hand or something very like it; when they came opposite my door. Penny flopped veiy near to me; 1 had a blue cockade in my hat which I was obliged to have; there were several of those that came up the street v'ith him (topped with him, and got rather round me, cjofe to me upon the pavement as 1 was Handing upon the steps; one of the people pulled a written paper out of his pocket, he looked at it, and a Iked which iv.is the Bully for that there was a next door to the Bull that was to down; 1 do not know that 1 heard for some time any body make any answer; two or three of them repeated the question, and at la ft they put it to me; I told them, I did not think there was such a sign as the Bull in that neighbourhood, upon which some of them damned their eyes or something of that fort, and laid, they were sure there was, that the peoples name were either Sennet or Connor; Penny flood with an halbert in his hand all the time, he was eating an apple or something of that fort, whuft two or three, or half a dozen went to enquire at the next door to this house.

Where is the Bull ? — There is no sign of a Bulf but there is the f;gn of the BuiFs-headi they did not flop a great whiie there, but came back again to their captain as they called him.

Did you hear them call him captain? — I cannot swear that} these men came back after this enquiry, and then Penny croili*d the way to Mrs. Cooper's house, a good many of his companions followed him; the lower (butters were up; I saw him in a very (hurt time after he got to the door break the shutters with that halbert so as to admit the people that were with him to get their hands in; they loon had the shuttcis down and many got into the house.

At the window ? — Sonic at the window ,1 believe, and some at the door; they destroyed the upper window, it was

a lar^e old fastvoned ivindov/, it was pjllcif out I belie.vc altogether, and they began to throw the furniture out of that window; when they had got it down they worked very hard and soon had the house to pieces.

How long were they doing it? — It mitrht be an hour or an hour and an it..if pulling down and burning; they made three he-.ps of the goods and materials of the house and burnt them.

Du! they pull down the walls? — Every shir.g they could, the upper part, was untiled.

Did th*y burn the materials of the house ?- — i believe so, j did not go over; 1 did not leave mv own house.

When the prisoner went over to the house did you hear him lay any thing ' — 1 did not.

Look at the other prisoner Bridport, did you fee biro there? — 1 law him in the middle of the street while the fires were burning, but I did not lee him do any thing to my knowledge.

Did you ever fee Penny before ? — Not to my knowledge.

Did you ever fee Bridport before? — No, his cloaths made me take more notice of him, he was cloathed then as he is now.

Penny. What time was I there ? About eight o'clock; he had a red waistcoat on. WALTER PETHERICK

I live in Kent-street; I was at Mrs. Cooper's fomerime after the mob had been there; at about half palt nine, I believt, on Thursday morning the 8th of June: I was coming from my own house towards the church, 1 saw three separate fires before Mrs. Cooper's in the street; I imagined they were mac e of lbtne of the furniture, or eife wainfeoting or flooring-boards of her ho'if'; I law Henry Penny enter the house throw (ome things

out into the lt*ect, but what they were I cannot say.

Did he throw them out through the windows or the doorsThe doors; I

heard

Bridport vf« drefTvd in regimental*.

heard the rest of the mob say, to

the Bull in B ireUage-cPcy, Dut who laid

that I do not know.

Penny. What tima did you fee me in the house ? — Between the hours of *n:ne and ten, it might be halt palt nir.c on the Thuridsy morning.

Court- Had he any flick in his hand ? — He had a kind of halbert in his hand, and he had on a red jacket.

Did vou ever fee him before ? — Only once, that was the night before at All. Kelly's, the King's Arms, in Kent-Urtrt, between the hours of twelve and one; Penny took me by the collar; the woman of the house laid, " Lord, Mr. Petherick, you are riot one of the mob are you 1 laid, I with vou would hold your tongue, or I shall be knocked on the head.

The question is, did you take such notice of him from, seeing him at Mis. Cooper's and over night, as to be able to say, he is the man ? — Yes, 1 did, he said he had been a sailor in forne vefleL, and he shewed me form: wound he had received, near the neck, {welled almost as- big as an

*E2-

Penny* What time was that? — Be--tween twelve and one o'clock onThurfday morning.

HENRY ALLPORT sworn.

Idive in Kent-firsct, aimolt facing Mrs. Cooper's} when the mob came 1 was at my own door; they came about nine o'clock as nigh as 1 can guelt.; I law Penny look into the house.

Can you be exaift as to the time ? — -. i cannot, we were in such contufioi>; I saw the prisoner Penny, he had a pike or. iomething of that fort in his hand; he was exnoftulating with a woman lor some time who came out of the house; at last I law him strike the window (butters.

Who was that woman? — A little woman who has but one eye^ (Mary Ferguson.) the is servant there 1 believe; he (hov-ed her from him, and began to break' the window-(hutters; the r:lf of the mob began to tear down the wimlow-lh utters, and the A.1 believe he entered the house, but I 4

could not fee him for f» mc time, and indeed i am sure rha* ho e tiered the by ufo.

You did not fee what he* did in the house ? — -No, I kept at my own door, I could not fee what he wa* doing the re; the house was all destroyed in a very lirtle tiaie, the-goods were brought out into the* lirect, - and they made three (ires of them;

I law the other prisoner in the house, afHlting the rest in delhroying the house; I saw him throwing the things out at the window.

Did you ever fee either of these men before ? — I saw the soldier (Bridport) over night, but i never saw Penny before; I saw Bridport in a public-home-; I turned up one of his buttons to fee what regiment he belonged to, which is the forty-fourth.-

And you law him present allifting thr mob. ? — Yes, I did.

Penny. What fort of an hat had' I A. flapped round hat, he was very much in liquor I believe.

CHRISTOPHER SMITH sworn.

I am a constable; I- took up Penny ort Friday morning the 9th of June, at about eight o'clock.

Where did you find this halbert? — I' saw it in his hand the day before, when he was running about the llreet; I did not find it, it was found by one of my brother officers 1 believe. v,

Did he say any thing at the time you took him up? — -1 asked him how he could behave lo bad the day before ? he said, , " he was Jet on., and he was very ferry for

MARMADUKE GUEST sworn.

I found this halbert on Friday the 9th of June, near a necessary -belonging to the house where Penny was taken.

To Smith. What house did you take Penny out of ? — At the sign of the red Cat, in Kent-street-

Guejl. I took it out of a place next a nceeftary, where they used to put their (kittles up to dry; I had information of its being the re; 1 found il between nine and tea o'clock on the Friday morning.

SJSR-

[ 1C9 J

SAMUEL GaSFCRD sworn.

W^s you near Mrs. Cooper's when her house was demolished ? — I was; I Taw both the prisoners there; Penny was encouraging the mob, and leading them from place to place i he had that halbert in his

hand, and the mob called him their

tain.

Did you fee him at Mrs. Cooper's ? — I saw him in the mob at the door, with that in his hand, but did not fee him do any thing in particular j that was at about eight o'clock on the Thursday morning.

Did you fee Bridport there ? — Yes, I saw him upon the house (tripping oft' the tiles and the timber, >and throwing the materials into the street.

How was Penny dressed ? — In a red jacket.

Had you seen Bridport before ? — I saw him (j?veral times in the (treet; I saw him among the mob that morning before I saw him upon the house.

Could you certainlydistinguish him upon the house so as to be sure i? is him ? — Yes, 1 live directly opposite j I took particular notice of him, seeing him so bul'y in throwing the tiles and timber and things into the street.'

Cross Exam

Which lives nearest, you or Mr. 3ick-ner to Mrs. Cooper's house ? — -He lives next door to me.

Could he fee as well as you ? — 1 think he might.

You law him there the whole time ? — I did not fee him there the whole time 1 was (landing at my own door.

But about eight o'clock ? — Yes.

«1 suppose the mob was between you that you Could not fee him very well ? — I was at my own door, aimolt opposite where the toifehief was done.

JOHN ELLIOT

Was you at Mrs. Cooper's house at the time the mob were? — -Part of it I saw Penny there, who was th< n in a scarlet waistcoat, that is the instrument I behove h; bad in his hand; .1 saw him go into Mrs. Cooper's house, and pull down a piece-of Part Vr.

wainfeoting from ‘the lower part of the house, and bring it out, and throw it into the fire, which was then in the street.

What time might that be ? — That was between nine and ten o'clock.

How far do you live from the place ? —

I live in Qaecn-ltrect, in the Park; hearing the y were pulling down fume houses in Kent-street I went there, having a brother-in-law living in Kent-street, to fee if he was in any danger.

PENNY'* Defence.

On the Wednesday I was on board the ship called the Jenny, lying down at the Yarmouth chain, I was at work on board her, on Wednes'dav night, till between nine and ten o'clock, then 1 came on shore; I was bound for Jet fey and Gueinfcy with the King'sr ftoies, I went up to hand the main top fail, and then I saw a fire in the Borough i I thought it was near my filter's who lives in tin Borough; I w' at lO my filter to fetch my things on board, to be ready to fail in the nitifit; I saw a mob of people near Red Lion (treet, as I went to my filler's for my things, and home of my mell-mates; I was going down again and three sailors met me, they (wore if I did not go in the mob that they would knock me down j I had objected to go, they with a (tick hit me in the jaw, and knocked one of my teeth oi^t; fothat, rather than loose my life, 1 was glad to go with them; I then went down Kent-urect, but never (topped; I went to the Red Cat, mere T was from Thursday morning till Friday morning.

For Penny.

JOSEPH CLARKE sworn.

Henry Penny came on (bore between nine and ten o'clock of the Thursdry night, I believe it was bui I cannot rightly say; he came on (here for feme cloaths to thifr himl'tlf; he was going down to Deptford to take in fume malts the next morning; he did not come onboard, we wonriued -what was become of him.

Did you come on (bore with him ? — No,

I k*id on board; hi- brother ami filler came a few days after, and laid, he had got thva

E e this

r "o )

this tr.i;hn:to/-'t iiroaol: he wis on hoard a :ran of war v\ ich me; I never f.iw him alter th.u.

Ci-ifs Exavi

You keep good reckoning* on board of ship^ I know F — I am not a scholar.

When was this between nine and ten af. night? — I did not know the day of the mouth.

Nor day cfthe week ? — Thursuay, I

believe.

You will not fwrar to that' — I believe I can 1'wear to that safely.

You believe you can, hut will not go the length of lu caring it ? — I will do what is right not to tell a tic.

How was he dreiiid when he came on shore ? - — In a red jacket and striped trow-iers.

Where was the ship lying ? — At Yarmouth. Chain, right ugainst the Custoru-House.

How happened he to come on shore fb late at night ? — For clean linen; the ship was going round the n<"\t day.

GEORGE SINCLAIR

I have known Fenny between four and five years; he was always a quiet well-behaved young lellow, till such time as he got a fall off a ship's yard, r»-ehng the top-fail; he has got a discharge to shew: and from that time \would never let him come into my house to have any liquor, because then he is as mad as any man in Bedlam. JAMES ROGERS

I keep the Red Lion in Red Lion-foreet, he tiled my house; I never saw any thing of him hut what was civil enough when he was sober; he always paid very well, but when drunk he was rather abuse-ful, and I did not chose to draw him any liquor, but lent him home when he was lo.

.-- CROFT /

The hrft time I knew Penny was the day after ChrHtmas-day; he was very ws!l, but I saw when he had drank a little liquor it made great alterations, he was very flighty. I was told it was from a fail he got on board of ship, which made him mad when in liquor.

3

JAMES RACKSHAW

J have known Fenny- seven years or up-v lrds; I never heard or knew any harm of him before this; when he is a little in liquor he is rather a little outrag. ous, by having a t.-!i on board a ship, as I have heard, and breaking his collar-bond by thd fall.

WILLIAM WATKIN

Penny is an hone ft, civil young man as ev* r 1 knew or heard of; but when a little in liquor he is I ke other sailors.

ELIZABETH ELDR1DGE

I have known Penny and his fri.nds all his lifetime; I never hi aril or knew any harm by him in my days-; he got a fall on board a man of war; 1 have known him to be crazy in the brain for pretty near two years since that.

iJrofs Exawi

Has he been on board a man of war within two years ? — He was discharged about two years go.

IIa« he not been on board a ship since ? — Yes, he htts been, but not to labour like another man; his coikir-bone is broke and his ihoulder.

Excepting that, he has dene that work as another man P — He has not had so much ages.

When dia you fee him before this affair? — I believe two months.

How long before these two months had you fezn him i — I did not make any at-

count of the time.

Have you seen him half a dozen times within these two years ? — Yes, and a great many more.

And he has always been outrageous Yes; ever since that time when he gets a drop of liquor: if any of his shipmates make him drink, if he drinks two glades, he does not know what he is about.

WILLIAM BELLAMY sworn.

I have seen him much intoxicated in liquor in a street I live in at a public house, and then he has behaved vfcry indecently j he has blasted his eyes and limbs as if he was mad: his fester 4e£red Bte to come and speak for him,

SARAH

[ m ]

SARAH REGDON sworn.

I have known him l'ome time; I always knew nim an hoi m it, sober young man; I never heard any thing an ill's of him til! this time: he h^d a fall on board a man of war, and got a hurt, and when he has. a little liquor he is tlmost out of his fenles. BRIDPORT's

I never was upon the house, nor even in the house; I was Handing looking at the mob, and that is all; 1 don't know where the house is. 1 have people to speak to my character.

For Bridp

ROBERT WOOD sworn.

I am a watch and clocktnalcer: I have known Bridport these fifteen or sixteen years , he has borne a very good character;

I knew' him when he was an appientice; I was apprentice in the fame town with him. ROBERT HOGARTH' sworn.

I am a shoemaker; I live in King-street, Deptford: I have known Bridport four years and "n half, his character has been very ( good; he has worked thice years and an half with me.

Has he been a Ibldier all that time ? — No, he left me last Whitsuntide was twelve-month, and went down into the country, nnd inlisted, I understand, in January Lift.

Do you know where his regiment, is ? —

In Hampihue, he told me*

JAMES SCOTT sworn.

I am a shoemaker; the Lit witness is my brother's servant: I have not known him lb long as my brother; while I kii-.-v him he behaved very well.

john Taylor [mm.

I am a gardener and live in Deptford: I have known Bridport four years; he was a tenant of mine a year and a quarter at Deptford; he is a very induOrious, careful man, and maintains his wife a id family; 1 never saw any thing dishonest by him.

John Lamb ju-om.

I keep a blacksmith's shop at the bottom of K.ent-street: I have known Bridport about five years; he always bore a good character; I never heard otherwise by him.

--KERVEY sworn.

I never knew otherwise of him than an honest, hardworking, industrious man, that gave great attention to his wo' k; when he is a little in liquor he was a little outrage-gious, by a crack he had in his head, which runs in the family.

DANIEL' JUSTIN sworn.

I am a clerk in the Bank; I have known Bridport the whole time of his apprenticeship; he had a good charabter; I have not seen him since I left him in the country; I have been in town six years.

Both Guilty (Sfcatfj.)

SATURDAY,

[ III ]

SATURD AY, the 15 th July.

The J

Andrew Mackafon, of Eg bam, Yeoman. Francis Bartholomew, of E^harn, Gent. Richard Burt, of Reign'#, '1 anner.

Charles Alarch, of llefYeoman.

John Allies, of Crc-jiLtiy Yeoman.

William Phillips, oi MBroker.

John Butt, the elder, of Cord-

wainer.

JOSEPH HAYNES, was indicted, for

that he, together with- forty othe>- persons and more, did unlawfully, riotoully, and tumukuously aft nible on the Sth of June, to the dilturhenee of the public p -ace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling house of Thomas Connolly, against the statute. 4

GEORGE HOWDELL sworn.

I am a very near neighbour to Mr. Connolly, in T ooley-street.

Was you there when the mob came ? — No, not till fomerime after; I belong to the Tower; coming home at my usual time, at about ten minute? or a quarter after twelve o'clock at noon, on Thursday the 8th of June, I had some difficulty to get home tc my own house on account of the mob; I (topped and looked at Mr. Connolly's house; I could not get part that way, so I went by the gaol at the back of Connolly's house; 1 put up my {flutters; after some little time I looked out, the mob were throwing the beds out, cutring them to pieces, and throwing the feathers about the street and the other things in the yard; I was obliged to go back to the l ower; I left one Mr. Blits to taice care of my houic; when I came home again, I went tip into my diningroom and i saw the prisoner very busy, that was «bout two o'clock, he WasNbreak-ir.g some part of the furniture against the

U R Y.

Ilrael Lynn, of Do^/^Brufbmaker. William Byrne, of EgShopkeep-r. Samuel L'.ndy, the younger, of,

Shopkeeper.

Charles Dovety, of EGardener. William Matthews, the elder, of Carpenter,

(tones in order to make them lie the morr snug, and was loading them into a cart; the cart was loaded very full, so that some pieces fell out of the cart as it went along, and 1 saw the prisoner following the cait, and several times when pieces fell out he chucked them up into the cart and huzza'd as he went along, rejoicing in it; these things were conveyed to the ruins in St. John's square to be burnt, and there they were burnt; I saw no more of the prisoner for some time; the nett time I saw him, was between two and three o'clock,; some gentlemen came down Barnaby-ftfect on horse back, after persuading the mob to disperse; the light ' horse came there; one of them jeftled up against the prisoner who had a club or something like a bed's foot or frame of a chair which appeared to be mahogany, he went to strike the light horse-man, to knock the sword out of his hand, the light horffmian made a stroke at him and cut him mi the head as I thought, for 1 per- . ccived him clap his hand upon the place; the prisoner then went away with the rest of the mob.

When the prisoner was employed about the cart in the manner you have deferred, what were the rest of the moo doing? — They were all about.

Did the mischief to the in/ide of the house leem to be over then ? — No, the things were throwing out then; I law

some

:r ,t3 ]

fomt pjllow-biers, they took the pillows out of the cases rind cut the feathers out.

The gentlemen and the Jight-hors*: were endeavouring to difperlc them at the time she blow was n.ao- at the piifcner ? — Yes.

At that time the mischief was till done i ‘ — The mifehiej': was partly over; I juw nothing thrown out of the house at that time; 1 only law a great mob about the house.

Crofi Examination.

W hat time was it win n you firlf f.iw th" prisoner r — 1 believe about a o'clqc k.

How far was he from Mi. Connolly's house? — Just before tlio door; in about t'n minutes after that T law him right before my hou!*' following the cart and throwing feme pieces into tt.

Have you known the prisoner long? — Kn, I never law him, to my knowledge^ in vny life before. '

Was there a great crowd ? — - A great mucoer of people;

'1 nerc w as a great deal of confufinn ?- — Yes, and tvory inhabitant in great distrds; TtvasMnyft If threatened three times to have mv house about my ears by one that is juii gunr* from the bar. ‘ - 1

Did you take1 so much notice of him as be quite lure the prisoner is the li is; he had a flapped hat-on with A hit or blue ribband in it, and a brownish coat with a red cape.

Court. Is it from the drcfs-alone that you recoileci him P---1 know* him by his face.

JAMES BLiSS I saw nothing of th* conduct of the pri-

O

tfbner before th. house of 'l homas Con-no. ly; I was Handing it the dree t-boor of my house, No. in Teoky-ft.eet, which i* about fourteen or hf,«en doors from Connolly's, J can't pr.cifely (hue the time, it way fometin.e between the Hours of ten and two; I was fvcral tunes at the door in that period of time; flaw a broken calk of liqucsr go past my house that appeared to be tkdroyed; th-r pris* ner wart fojlowing with a pi«ce ot wood n (I thing) his left Land, of <the colourot-mbhogany; it'of--Part VI.

pared to he a Ivd-pr-T; I ohf rved that different pieces of furniture lirr-y <i cut of the curr, and once i law him take up a piece of wood that had full* n oui and toss it into the cart; J did not observe him huv.-va or wave Ins in nd, cr u!e any incitement to them at all; i d..n't remember to have fetn him any more than that one time.

I lave you rt collection enough of the man to spealc with certainty to him? — I am certain ire is the mam . When did you fee him again ? — This happened on Thursday the bill of June. As L was Handing in Canterbury Square, about twelve the next day; tire JuU witness, my ft If, and other pari flu oners being present; we met the prisoner and secured h*m; I knew him immediately, and Mr. Howdcll appeared to knew him too.

-. Civil Examr

I think you fa id, you- did not observe the prisoner huzzaing or exulting, , or making.any noise or dilfu* bailee at <hi j — No, not in the Jculf.

He was only walking behind the cart with a piece of mahogany in hio hand ? — Yes, and throwing one piece of wood which dr opt out of the cart into.1t.

Have you kr.cwn the pnfcner long?

---1 never f;.w him before that time.

PR In ON EJR's lam quit.. innocent of tie matter.

Jr ir the Pr-finer. .:

'THOMAS BENSON fu-om.

7 no prisoner was rgy servant; I have known him about three-quarters of a year; he had a good character for fobriciy, and was a good servant while he lived with me,

JOHN HAYNES Do you remember where the prisoner was on the 5th, 601, yth, or 8th ui June*? — He came home ill on Monday the 5th ot June, and kept his bed till the Vv'ed-ill fday following. On the Wednesday he got up, bad home tc-a and took a walk; he came home and had lurre tea, and w nt to bed about six o'clock; on the Thursday morning he was in bed and oi, when I came from market, which \\\« About eight o'cftrk; his wife went 10

C H4 3

work; when we came home he went to work j he went afterwards to fetch his wife i he was only abient from.my house an hour or an hour and a quarter.

What time did he come home on the Thursday ? — 1 believe between ten and eleven o'clock, or about ten in the forenoon; he was not out of the house afterwards to my knowledge; my wife was at home all day.

What time did you go out in the morning ? — I never went farther than Mr. Benson's the whole day.

What time was you absent ? — Between eleven and twelve j I war. at home at twelve o'clock.

Did you continue at home from twelve o'clock till the evening ? — Yes, I remained at home all the time.

Will you take upon you to swear that he was in your house from twelve o'clock till the evening r — Yes, I can, he was not out of his appartment from twelve o'clock on Thursday.

- Crols Examina

What is the prisoner ? — A carter, at twelve flvrllings a week.

Is he any relation of yours ? — My own brother; he has been a great support to h;s mother all his life time.

Does he lodge in your house? — He does. *

, On the Thursday morning, how came vou to be so very particular in noticing the time the prifo:*:r was out ? — Because he went out to fetch his wife from her work.

He was apprehended the next day ?- — Yes,

Did you ever attend before a magistrate to tel! this dory ? — No.

W hat family had you in your house ? — His wife, my own and four children.

Have you any lodgers r — -None but my brother and sister.

Nor servant ? — No, I have a gh1 fourteen years of age that does our business when ir.y wife and I are out.

Koyv was the prisoner urdled that morning In a light, coat; no, it was a

blue coat; no, it was a dark thiffil brown

coat, with a red cape, leather breeches and a white waistcoat.

What hat ? — A flapped one.

You did not look particularly at the clock, I suppose you only gueded at the time ? — I guess that.

Then perhaps it might be one ? — I do not think it was quite so late.

You did not look at a watch or clock ? — -I did not.

SUSANNA HAYNES

I am the wife of the last witness.

Do you remember the prisoner being at home on Wednesday the 6th of June ?--- Yes.

What became of him on the Wednesday evening ? — -He was very ill, his wife and he went to take a walk.

Did he deep at your house on Wednesday evening ? — He did, he got up- between nine and ten on . Thursday rooming; he. went out to feck his wife just after he had his breakfast; he was ablest from our house about an hour and a quarter.

Not more ? — Not more than that, or an hour and half; he then came back.

Did he leave your house after coming back from his work that day ? — I cannot say, because I went out after he fetched his wife home.

What time did you go out ? — -About a quarter after eleven; after he came back again, 1 did not come back, till near five o'clock. i

What chara&er has he borne ? — He ha^, never laid out of my house except in his master's house ft nee lie has been in town; he bears a very excellent character.

Court. You went out about a quarter past eleven o'clock yourfelfr — Yes.

Was he gone out th'* second time before you went out ? — No.

ANN HAYNES

I am the mother of the prisoner.

What has been his charn&er and behaviour? — A very good one in the coun.ry, Aj»<i J believe he has had the fame here.

\»iun

— -by

E «s 3

When did he leave the country ? — Five weeks before last Michaelmas.

Has your son been kind to his parents ? — -Yes, he has been very kind to and his fillers and brothers.

Court to John Haynes. What time did

you go out on Thurl'day yourself ? — Between twelve and one o'clock.

What time did you go out in the morning ? — At live o'clock, and returned at eight.

Then you say Joseph Haines was not up? — No.

What time did he get up? — When I called him, which was about half an hour after eight: I went out between twelve and nc, and left my wife at home.

What time did you come home again ? — I believe d might W gone an hour.

Might you be gone more than an hour ? — I don't think it was, I caine home about half after one.

Where was Joseph li. ynes then ? — At home but he had been out to fetch his wife.

Did he go out any more ? — Not to my knowledge.

W'as you at home the rdl of the day ? —

I was*

I thought you talked of going to Mr. Bcnfon's ? — That was before.

Where was your wife ?--Sheflaidat home with me all the afternoon.

Guii.ty

He was humbly recommended by the jury to

his Majesty's mercy.

RICHARD MILLER and LAWRENCE SCOFIELD weic indicted for that they, together with forty other persons and more, did unlawfully, riotcufly, and tumuituouily assemble on the yth of June, to the diiUnbance of the public peace, and did begin to demojuh and pull down the dwelling house of Timothy Lacey, against the llatuie. i

—— - LACEY

I am the wide of Tinruny Lacey; we lived in Kcut-ilrcet, in cae Borough; our

house was attacked between nine and ten

o'clock at nignt, it was on Wednesday the yth of June; I was ltandir.g at my own door when the mob came up; lonvbody laid, that was the house; I ran down, finched y of'ned the door; I stood with both my hands across the door; two men came up drilled in light cloaths, one of them was Miller; one of them asked which was the fyhite bear? I toidihem over the way;

one of them asked, was this the pawnbroker's! I said, \e«, but they have moved; to the best of my opinion it Was Miller asked that.

The pawnbroker's was your house ? — Yes; I told them (her - was nobody in the house but lodgers; i said, 1 was a lodger in the house n.yfilf; Miller then said, /h? believed they were ntjia; I tnongnt at that time they had a mind to go a way; ]

said, it will be of no service to burn the house; fbmebody made answer to th-in

that is the bitch of a pawnbroker y,u art

ing to.: 1 said, now, gemlerr.cn, i am lile

woman, don't di id. re is me, for f.iall not

have a bit of bread; they would then h.u c

gone; Miller formed inclined to o-n

P. . i i i r>u» ana

it lomepody on the outnde had not < :j

down with it! down with it ! I believe iic

would ha\e gone, for he really feerm-j to

push to get out; then he called out to me

for a light.

Which of them ? — Miller, d be]if ve . r told them they should have light directly

I said there were plenty of lights up ^a;, (as the window was ituck with lights) I went up Ifairs, there was a large penny can die in the window; I lit it by on, t. final! ones, and as I was bringit1> down together, one of the canui^.

my flight fell out of my hand; one people there cried out, klayi you, y0u > . ' what keeps you ? I begged tiwn n^t . in a paliion, I was coming as fall as t I gave one candle to Mr. Miller, the c^j.,'

I _>ave to a man that is not here ,i said, now I know you have got 11 i ,c,

w:il not distress :r.e; Miller m^nu Aver, but took the candle; when th* J1" gan. Ire-iking clown the p! ace, I laij^ . break, the door, for I have got the kcv c

xa

[ n6 .]

in my pocket tT*'it will of"n it; Miller

i i lijlw.'i, the,' would the trouble,

"they J}) add jam ^et entrance \ the Jo or was

'broke of n with their Hicks.

Had Miller a ft ilk in his hand ? He h l fwmt thing of a Hunt iiick-

1 'd the others any tiling in their‘hant!^? — Yes; the pillage vras long, and every [> rtnn t ut lto,>d in the paifagv ftiuckdown at the ptace till they go;. m.

YV,iat was broke tinn The door was the hi if thing; then they broke the Wain -footing entirely; th; fiiop windows tiicy broke after they nor iji.

What did they do when they got in? — When Scotield came in he laid a urge Hick down upon me compter; he had fbmr-imng like a pootet apron; he pulieri out some tow, roiled it upr>n the compter, and froth the (cent of it, 1 thought it was intermixed with turpentine; 1 atked him what Ire* was doing with it? he laid, to the cn fit e; what didI thinks I begged of them

not tv, fi t the house on fire on account of the nfl of the inhabitants; then I came out and law no more of it.

Uo you remember upon their entering the shop, any thing'being found in it par-ticubuiy which attracted their notice ? — -I do r oil ct; T did not nay; Mr. Miller took the matches ii. his hand and told yScoiieui Uui a v wore very appropo; I saw lf.it while 1 Itood upon the Hep just by the doo;.

How long did the mob ft ay in your house hef >re they quitted it ? — 1 cannot say; I vv-.r.r out into the street entirely, and I did not come to my house again till Friday, then I found n thing but the bare walls left; part of the (fairs wer taken away, the windows were knocked out, and the wain footing nd partitions ail Jestroyed, and all the furniture that was in th house.

Crop Examination.

What Arc your lodgers names ? One \Veyei, who is a carpenter; the other tli-zabf ,h Burnham.

Was she in the house at th? time? — She went to meet the mob, but whether she tame in aftefwards or not 1 cannot cell*

3

she ran back and fa*d, the rrio<b w«re c?m<-

ing. ' ':

I suppost* you was a good den! ‘Virbten-td i was t-o be fare, for try fritjht win nor io much but that I low idem come in; five w.t« in the house when they cuine uf to the White 'Bear. "

Miller was one of the two hrft 'I'he re

'was another man came in with him, who had a whitish coat on.

When you was before the nrugiftrntc ws$ you pc'i»tive the fi:ft time ? — I was; but my hufoand hindered ir.e from (wearing to firm; th^y told my hufbarrd there, was another man so like Miller, that 1/hou'd not know the difference: I told my huib.-.nd if they brought twenty men I was pouir e he was the man.

Were there not fame: of vonr neighbours who were‘prefenr, who said they fa w the other man that was like this mao ?-* — Yes.

They told you rhrt you was miftalcn »h the man; that though h - was like rbiu, vet that this was net the man ? '['!.>.' did

tell me so,. they told my husband so.

Counsel for the Crown. Arc yriu fuie Mi! ler is the man ? — 1 have no doubt of it in my hri.-.ft.

You had never seen him Ivfore ? — No. " Did you ever fee Scofield in rh iU i

— Yes, in the pafHige, lthcnstood or. oft the last step of the itairs.

Where was the candle ph'eed at that time ? — Orreiti each hand; tiltv had no candlesticks; fcrcebody held the.cand;c to them.

Was the candle close to ScoftehJ when you saw him ? — Very near.

How was he drelied ? — 1 do not know his dress; but he had a black eye.

How loon afterwards did you fee him ? — Not till he was taken up, that was about a week after.

Had he then a black eye ? — Yes.

That was the circumstance by which you knew him he had nothing but

his face 1 Ihuuld know him.

Are you. now politive that he is the man I aft* very clear he is the man.

WALTER

G« logic -

C

WALTER PtTHERICK

1 liver abnoft oppofice Mr. Lacey's.

Was you there *c the time the rrlob wa4 tlrerc ?« — Parti of f.lie, time, between the hours of nine and ten.

lAd yow oiderve either of the prisoners there $< — *1 saw t&At Lawrence

Scofield, Handing by the door, and to the bell of my knowledge i saw him'go into the passage, but L did not fee him do any oac thing.

Are you certain, whether he went into the panage or not ?-<*-! am pretty certain he did \ I saw the mob throw a great many1 things out of the -window, but whether it was him or not I cannot say.

Whether the mob were assembled when' he wdnt into the passage ? — Yes, some in the house and some outside.

Was you ever in the house ? — No.

Had Scofield any thing irv his hand ? — Yes, famething like a banmHer of a chair or a bed-post.

Can you (wear whether he had any thing in- his hand or not ? — I believe he had, but I can't bepofitive.

You are sure he iis the man that you saw at the door ?> — Yes, I knew him before.

Did you- fee him with the mob before hej to the house ? — No, I did not.

Did you fee th&mob come to the house or only f.x them after they came ? — 1 did not fee them, come there, 1 saw him afterwards at Mr. Kelly's the King's-arms in Keot-street, at a little after one in the morning, and he persuaded the mob to go away from the house.

MILLER'S Defence.

1 never was in the house, I never saw Mrs. Lacey till I saw her at the Rotation-OlKce; I would not say a thing that is false in the situation I am in for all the world.

For A'Jiller.

ANN M AC FAR LIN sworn.

My husband is a leather dresser.

Do you recollect meeting the prisoner,. Miller, on Wednesday the acth ofi June ? t-Atjibout a quarter pall nine o'dock, I Part. VI.

r7: J

met him About the middle oiF jkive-foot-lahe, he was going homewards.

Is that towards Mr. Lacey's house or from it ? — It was towards his own lodging in Baruaby Urect.

How far is that from Mr. Lacey's ?- — A mile I believe, but I don't underftaiK* the ground; I alkcd him if he had feed my little girl ? he laid he had not.

' ELISABETH HAZER /won.

I live in Coleman's-yard, Bermondsey-llrert, next door to Mr. Ewbank, only a board partition parts us.

Do you rccolledl Miller's coming home? --- Per really well, on Wednesday evening the yih of June, it was about halt pall nine o'clock.

Where was Mr. Ewbank when he came home ? — Sitting with me in my house.

You are sure he came home about half past nine ? — It did net exceed that I am clear.

Court. What leads you to know the day? — I had an almanack in the house ray husband was doing work j 1 had ocea-fron to look to he almanack that evening,.

When did you call to your mind that it was on that evening that the prisoner came home ? — It was that fame evening.

You was called upon to take notice of it that evening? — Not upon his coming, home.

Did he ever come atany other time when Mr. Ewbank was at your house ? — Never. ELIZABETH BURNHAM /win.

You lodged with Mrs. Lacey at the time her house was dellroyed ? — I aid.

Do you remember the mob coming the re ? — I do.

Do you remember the two first men that came there ? — I did not fee them.

' Did you fee the person that came in and hnd the candles ? — The person that is taken up; 1 gave him the candles; a sailor man.

Was that the man at the bar ? — No, neither of those men.

Did1 you-fee the person that came into, the house with, the lailor man ? — I did.

G g. Look

V

; t \lt ]

T ook at that man in the brown cloaths, IJe had that tin ?--I believe fie h*d; (Miller), is that the man ? — No, it was a 1 am pofttive it. was him, for when I man very much like him, bill I am positive 'passed him he ltopped to talk, to two youtvg it was m t him. . women; I went, farther then to take rny

Cross Examination.child.

In what did he differ from him ? — -This Was it so dark you could; not-tell his is/.dler, may be five or six inches; lam cloaths ? — -1 did not obfenre particularly positive he is not the,man. his cloathv, ‘ ,:

But in other respects they arc much a-, HANNAH'EWBANJC like? — Sideways they arc much alike, but I live in Coleman's-yard Bermandley when you come to examine them forwards Miller lodges with me, and has done lo there is a difference. five years at Michaelmas, - >;

You liad time to examine their features ? What time did he come home on Wcd--- Yrs. ' nesday the yth of June half past

Was you not frightened ? — I was terri- nine o'clock; the' had his supper and went fied; the toldier fiood over me with a blud- to bed before the clock went t» n. geon, and threatened to kill me; I hugged Was any body at your honfe at that round this man's nerk for ten minutes I be- time ? — None but the children in bed. ‘ lieve. r . " Crof/ Examination.

Did you fee Mrs. Lacey give candles to The gentleman put t o you Wednesday, them ? — She did not, I gave the candles how came you to^ six that day* ' what time nivfclf. did he come home the night before ?-r-f

DiJ not {be go up fiairs for candles? — do net know.

She did net. V hat time did he come home the.night

Was you in the {hop? — The door was after ?--rI do not know indeed. «: < faflend, they began to knock it down. How came you. then to take particular

" Co:<rt. Where did you gc.t the candles ? notice that hq came home on Wednesday

— -I fiood upon the flairs, the good woman night at half after nine?- — As near a* i-was in t'he fore chamber) the other lodger's can tell he did come house at that time, room; 1 called to he/ to bring me a light You have neither a memory of the time for God's fake; {he gave me the candle*, I he came home on Tuesday or- Thvirfday; reached to her for them, but 1 did not come what led you to -take particular notice of lower down; I said, Miller, go home," Wednesday, did you look at the clock he Lid, he was going. wlp n he came in r — -I did not; I was at

Cross Examination. a 'neighbour's houlu,; he knocked at the He is a neighbour of yours ?~-Yes, he door; when I heard hirn at the door'I-lives two or three doors oflfi went and let him in

' You look particular notice of the time of And that is a particular reason why you

night ? — Yes. {hoqld know it to be cun Wednesday

What for ?- — I had been in the King's bench, I had a daughter Jiyed near there, I Went for hi r box and cloaths; 1 was afraid they would be burnt; it was the house between the Bridewell and the Bench; I took^ the box upon my head, ' .,

How was he dre fled ? — I cannot sweat tohf ('refs punctually, but I think he had . a by.awn *urfaut coat,' a, flruighc bodied cat.

j

It was the 7th of; June*;

How came you,to fix; it on the yth of June ?---! ki)Ovyn ycjy, wiell by the alma-i nack.

Did you look atv, the almanack to know that ? — No* htft J knew :t was; the.night the King's-lxqqh was on fine. d r:; '

How 11* r s - the King Vbeneb from V*

— I do notknew particularly. '

Did you heat.it,was cn,;fire, then or-did*

Gocwle-

C n9 I

you hear it % the next day ? — I'hey laid then it was oh fire b-/ lix in the afternoon.

That very night he came home you are Jure? — -J am*... —

You was at a neighbour's house? — -Yes, '

Is die neighbour here ? — Yes, *. '

" "Court. Ilud he any (tick in his ham! when he came home ? — He had none at all.

Cii-ofH for (hr CrownHow was he drilled ? — In a white ciofc coit.

Wore you at the door w hen the mob oeme up r — Yes.

Did you lee Mrs. Lacy spe.de to any body? — The sailor alk- d me if it . was a 'pawnbrokers fi.fip; when f opened the' door I said no, tt is-not, good man; he said, d- -n your bloody eyes, you lie you I was telling-this jailor, that it was not a pawnbroker's,'and begging him to have companion on us, for we were poor lodgers and Children. Mrs. Lacey said,

there are noiie here but and away

ihe went that infant, and never came into the house the whole night.

Was any body near her when she said that ? — The rr.nn in the white coat.

Arrd which man you say was not Miller? — He wa* net Miller.

-- MILLER You are a relation to the prisoner, I believe No.

Was you at Mr. Lacey's at the t:rne this house was deltroved ? - — I was opposite to it at the White Lear door.

Did you know Miller before ? — Yes.

If he had gone in there should you have known him think I should.

Did you feb him there ? — -1 did not.'

Crop Examination,

What time of night was it ? — About ten o'clock.-

Was it not dark ? — The flrc-t was so illuminated that it was very eai'y 19 fee their faces.

You could lfre their fades as they went inf — A? they moved abcut I could. . JOSEPH SHORT- jnm<

1 live Mr.iLaocy'sh

.0;

li/I '0 .[ v i , Vv,.\l . ' -...-L;

Did you fed the two men that first weith into the home ? — I fawth'm al! come cut,

Look at Miller, rs he.-one of them -I am clear Ire is not, for 1 iloud at my own door before they came up, und after they made 'he attack.

Court. Did you lee him there ? — I did not, 1 never law either of them.

JOHN ROBINSON /?«*.

I arn a box maker by trade, but am an orange merchant now; { live within -tc?i doors of Mr. Lacey; about.twenty minute-#' before ten I went up t*> the he Id-gate so fee if the Bench was on fire; I met a young fellow, he said he was afrai d goovV-r the fields for fear of bein killed; while ! ww talking to him, a' woman came and said, they v/ere pulling a house down cloffi* by; then 1 returned back directly, I am lure I was not two minutes goiii?, they were then pulling down the house, they had just broke through the windows; I fiaid for about twenty minutes upon that spot, then t moved five or six yards and Hood opposite the cellar window and saw the house broke in: I saw one Holmes {landing upon the good.', he cried out, no , no fine± for God fake d'nt ft fie to finer; then the*

mob dispers d: I law that sailor man {funding the re, but not in the hoc tC y 1 did not fee any body go into the house in p.irticul ir.

Do you know Miller ? — I nc\ er f. w him before; but this Holmes, whom I saw there, referable. this man as much as any two men c.m refembie one ano her; the next day we were going down to the ad'oeiation, 1 was up at the Three Teh.; two young m-.a were fciought up tin-re, Mrs., Lacey \va» in th* room, ar.J after they h;1 the hearing about Mr. h rciich's h^ulc, ;\h:. Lacey said, that is the man tw<u my Zv.v/tv t laid to Mr. b i p- h who w.s julk behind' me, how can th ' '.voiMh say so , you know: the m n 19 it llqod erj-on-the-tpjiLcr, it was John HoJnvrs ? 1 f,.d, it-is a thou--fr'nd pities thi< iv*: % ouId be tVbrn a.taii'lt j Mr. French said; Ai^pcfc you fpc-ke to La--cey r.qt lo let h»s wife-f-Av-Jf the

man; I went and fpoie.it> Lacey f- arUliMf,

a 1 1..' 1: .": ... . fot»>

:>j <Un-r 5 /. ha.. , - , ' :i<T

v-

&ffired hjnrv money), but h« sufowld, ryot tjaJcr jfc i I believe tKlt i#a^ 4bo«At fewer* o'dftclt*

*D.i3 yoq fee bfen, after feveivtv'clock {Hat night? — Yes,'about the place in-KcoD* ftr.ce f. '1

Then he did not go out of Kent-flreat with you ?- — I did^ctf npcve my things out t>f K,ent-street, qnly in t&c yruid where be* lift*.

Whers did yo* fee him afterwards it* Kent-street ? — By the Rov;J i. t»tr

vc? saw him in the riots* bits ifaw a.great deal of rioting.

Was he w'th the mofe? — I Aid not fee him in the mol).

H*>d he any apron on ? — No, I ncret saw him with any-apron, os any thing iw his band.

Erratum in the 5th Part.

The two fast lines of the first col. of p-(hould be read thus: - — feveraf wocaeti said to him, Dw'/ pu; he &«d» /peak tc thru or four ofttf+me wUiprir*

serve it j tu* can a? any thinf.

The EIGHTH PART of the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Ok! Bailey, of the Rioters,. Was Published this, Morning (Ptice- SIXPENCE.)

ALSO

B R A C H Y G R A P H ¥;

Or, An cafy and compendious System of Short-Hand, (DEDICATED with Permission to the KING,)

ADAPTED

(After more than Forty Years Practice) to the various Sciences and Prose^6«ns,

By the- late Mr T HOMAS GURN E Y.

The NINTH EDITION^ considerably improved according to the preftut Method,

By his Sot) and SucQtflbr* JOSEPH GURNEY,

(WRITER OF THESE PROCESSINGS)

Sold (Price Half a-Guinea), by M,. Gurney, No. 34, Bell-Tar^,

The Rook i» a fuificiens Lnilrudor of itself, but if any Difficultie&oCciir. they (halt ba reBBov-ctkutyon Application to the Author without any additional Expence.

Trials at Law, and Argument! of Counsel are taken in Short-Hand, by J. GUKNEY.

Jhs'God's fake don't let your wife fwjcar against that man, for be is. innocentthat nolmes resembles Miller as much tj>c felc-fcace as two men can resemble one another. ' Dad you lee the other prisoner there ? — w J saw him at the door, but not in the house. Court. Did you {Lind by Scofield ? — No, 1 flood about six or (even yards from the hoafe acrafs the way.

Did you take any particular notice whether Scofield had any pocket apron ? — -I did not take notice of that} I tly«k he was in a reddish jacket.

SCOFIELD'S Defence.

I will call some witnesses to prove where 1 was.

ForSccficlrf.

CATHERINE LOAD sworn.

I live in Grub-flrect; at the time thfe happe ned, 1 lived in Kent-lireet at a Roman Catholic house.

What is your husband ? — A pewtercr was afraid the house wou'd be pulled Sown j I asked two or three people to help me down with my. things} the prisoner; §cofield was very ready to afliff qie} I.

THE

PROCEEDINGS

ON THE-

.; V

KING'S Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of Surry,

l f . ‘'.HUD. AT '

St. M A R G ARET'S-HILL,

On Monday the 10th of July, 1780, and the following Days;

BEFORE.

The Right‘Hon' ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH* Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; '

i . -i> £: _ f

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOULD, Knight, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of thq Barons of his

Majesty's Court of Exchequer; ' \ '

- .

‘ '. i

AND.

The Hon. FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices of his' Majesty's Court of King's Bench.-

Taken in SHORT-HAND (with Permi(lion of the Court)

By JOSEPH GURNEY,

Short-Hand-Writer at the Session in the Old Bailey,

PART VII.

: 7 ,5; , L O N D O -

Printed for ‘JOSEPH GURNEY,

And Sold by M. GURNEY, No. 34, Bc!l~l'ardt near Tim pit-Bar*

M.DCC.LXXX,

{PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

rngm

tl

snmrm-j a

Is i‘

TT

ks

THE

P R O C, E E D . I N G , S

77 * .. > fi(, i i. . ' »/,>-

v v' ' - j

> - . r 0‘4/i -

WHATdrtfs had Scofield Hehad a f V red otte$ ©n, J tiaii'k. 3 -

You was a good deal frightened ? — I

... .: : ;i t.

You could not he frightened all the even-

ing

? — I

was a goo<j deal ft ightcuetL

'>N ;T HI/*): r:

PING's Special Commissidri ]of Oyer and Terminer fl". J Mot the County of Suriry< &c. '

[ CyitinuuUon*f, tit trial tfRI C HA RD MILLER: arid' LAWR £ N E

SCOFIELD.]

he ft00d by me, and fyid, ‘‘-no, this woman-is. a church-wortiart and- a very good friend '<q a soldier.?* ‘ ,

Court. Did these men that came in ? speak to-Him a word to.hisr* I anr

certain he knew nothing about the men > fat he did not-speck to them.

Ho\v was he drested ? — In a red coat pacrtd.wish' yctloty. . 1

Had he. any thing of a'pocket apron ? — He had rtdftfeh thing.

Did you look at his dress ? — I always looked at him when he came; he had u.'cd lujufe u fortnight before> v -‘‘ Did'you look St his dress it fevert: ©'decks so as' tp know whether he had an apron on'? — He had nothing on but his waistcoat and his coat flung back, I am certain hchad no nprorron. " '

- r -j' - \ExtmwaticK.

What became of him when he went out of your house ri — I know ho more, ojdy be took the peQplt out of the house, that they should hot pull it down; he went with them from my house.

... Do you know Mr. Petherick ? — Yes. I nave seen him.

- ^Was he iiTyour Tioufc any part of the time Scofield was there? — He was not there when Scofield was there.

Was there arty thing remarkable in Scofield's face that night I was much

fright-

After your goods were secure ? — Yes.

did yvu fee h'im the last time that evening ? — I cannot recoiled at this time.

You had known him before :?-- 4 had seen him in the street.

Had you any acquaintance with him before-?- — :! only f$w him in the street.

' SUSANNA STRANGE JwrM «' I keep the Ship, a. public, h<xife; in White-street, which is very ncarKent-street. On the 7th of June Scofield came into my houseat half after ten for half a pint of aimifced and water; I stood talking, with him some time about indifferent matters; i£ half an hour after he was kftrny house, there came three or four men, they said this was the house, this was the Ship that was. to come down; he ft.tid about three quarters of an hour; there were three or four people that were in the house; nobody came with him; when he had been in my house half an hour I believe, they came and said this was the house that Was to come down; that it was a Roman Catholic house; he turned himself from the bar as

C[ 4143 >]

frightened when they made me "put? lights lout j when he came he was fbber.as I am.'

I want to know whether you saw any thing in his face that was remarkable He had black eyes; lie had a ,b!ack eye a week before.

A ff'iiness '/wo'

T live at No. £, in Royal -Tent Court; after the other house was pulled down he hud a Quantity of beer given to him by a man to protect his house. - /

Crop Examination.

Where 'was this ?--bIn Kent-street, at Mr. Kelly's; h^j gave it to him topurfuade the mob away'; he said, come away my ladsy don't hurt the house.

CHARLES KELLY sworn.

I iceep the King's-arrro, in Kent-street; he came to my house and told me he would tndeavour, as much as he could; to keep my house Trom being demolished; he had liquor, of me to give them at the door; he walked backwards and forwards fora time; he took £ gartjbn of beer upon his head, and tegged the mob to follow him, and so he g jt them away. ‘ ‘ '

Court. When he gave the beer to the mob, he begged they wcdld fblloW hfm ? — Yes, he went to this hither end of the (Ireet, land they followed hftn; we had a great many friends that helped hinr to per-luade them1 to come away.' . ‘ c

Did they go to any particular house afterwards or mfperfe r--- I don't know, F heard they went up the other end of the Street towards the church, ind I was toid drank the beer there; he came back to me Wheh. the mdh Wfete gone.

JAMES1 BROOKES, sworn,.

' I was at Mr. Lacey's house; I saw the pViioner, Lawrence Scofield there, there were many people assembled upon the wood, and he in particular and one Holmes cried out, no fire, for God's fakey let's have r.o fre

here.

Did they both cfy out no fine, or only one ? — -Both of them, and several more

4

that Were for the inhabitants, and he' was for the inhabitants as much a> any nun I saw that evening.

Where was he when he said that By thiwood in the {freer.

You saw h>m in the house ? — No, I did not I lav,' the mob come into the street. When first they came in at Mr. FIolpool's door, then they proceeded to Mr. Swin-ton's house, ana would have gone in there if it had not been for John Holmes and me; Holmes was first, I w.i$ next to him; I said, for God's lake, who and what do you want here ? they said, they wanted one Lacey; a woman under the Window said, 1 willfh'VJ you the coin-: along

with me \ the mob went along with the woman; Holmes and i staid at Mr. Swin-ton's ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; when I came there I law Scofield, but I never saw him touch any thing of the kind, neither had he any stick or bludgeon when he tame to Mr. Kelly's house; he was Handing by the wood; the mob was the* gone; there was only a chimncy-fweenc: left with a rusty sword.

Then the principal part of the mob were dispersed before you law Scofield ? — Yes, th<r mob who came and did the mifehier was disbursed before I saw Scofield:. Mr! Barwick came along with the chimneV-sweeper down to Mr. Kelly's, for the chimney-sweeper fworc, felly's down next; when they came down to Kelly's there were two gallons of rum brought out, and a gallon of beer; as soon as it was brought, one said. give me the pot; no, said Scofield, give me the pot and I will carry it back again; said he, come to the church, nobody shall drink till they come there, dird then, said he, we will difhurjly and be took them to the church.

1 Did you speak with Scofie'd r — I talked with him several times; I said, well done, friend', ‘stand up for yotrr neighbours to night for God's fake; we shall do some-thir-g in the morning I hope.

Had he any pocket! apron on — No, he had a red coat, the fame, as he has on noV/» ' - 1

Were

Were his eyes black? — I can't pofi-tively say, it was dark then.

You iavv him at Kelly's ? — Not inside the house.

Can you say whether he had an apron or not ? — I am certain he had none. RICHARD BAR WICK

The iirft of my taking any notice of the prisoner was at Mr. Kelly's door; I went out with a few neighbours in older to chaw the n ob off, wc had cockades, and fiit-J, no pop try >and a;i that v nenfenfe;

this nun ltcing me do that, he, took, hold cl w.v ht-.d and shook hands witty me; 1 th'n wiiiiW.ted to him and told him w!ut I was; i.p.-a that I went with several more to draw oil the mob; he said, eg teas s;/t,v the fans say; af ter . that he got a gallon of beer at Kelly's and carried it up.VII Ins tv ad round to the church corner; it v as agreed upon, they should not drink till-they g >t to rue church; that was to take t'ut- i out -i the street; I then h'-d tire cb'mncy f.vo-otr that fetmed to be the leading m.n:i; when I got to the church, 1 aided for the liquor, flipped uv arm from ‘the, chiainey-fv/eeper and \v» ut u'c'Wii the ftro.t again; that was. all we wanted..to get them out of the fiiei'-; there I left them for that time"; a little after that the jpnob. came down again, they wanted to he at Kelly's house mil;

I went into 'he, house,. I did not flay a moment before fame out, and called about, ailwrong all and it went

about " all wrong we called out at the time to go down Long-lane; they left Kelly's house. and went:to xbc end of White-street, which goes into Long-lane,.

What became of Scofield r — 1 saw. him frequently in the mob doing all he could to get them off.

; Wh.it becaint of him when, the mob \v.nt down Long-lane ? — 1 did nor observe, be was mixed -among the mol-> I was not with him all the time.

WILLIAM JEWELL /worn.'

I haw been quartered at the King's-arms some years; I was {landing a.t the King's-arms door expecting every minute

1*4 ]

the King's-arms would come down; this Scofield, after th y, had been ten minutep. pulling down Lacey's house, came by, he said, serjeant, I am afraid Mr. Kelly's

house will be pulled down; I said, L am afraid so too; he came in and said,

Kelly, I will be an assistance to you as far as is in niy power,: and he "was so; he (was talking with the mob, and was in and put among them; ,hc did all in his power to prevent Kelly's house being pulled down, it was be let twice that night; the second time his windows-were broke in.

How. soon after that did the mob come therq? — -It was about tep o'clock when they began at Lacey's, ..they were at that time pulling down Lacey's; about ten minutes -after that he came to me and assisted most of the time at Kelly's house while the mob were pulling down Lacey's Jioufe.

Tqn minutes after the furniture wa^ thiown out or ten minutes after they.first came tp. the house ?- — 1 believe it was ten or twelve minutes after they began at Lacey's house, the.prisoner, qarn^ down the ft reef, then ^icy difpcrfea and went up the street again; then there was, another man headed thy mqb and brought- them a fc-co;d time, to;Kelly's house; they broke, the windows jn,but good neighbours and good friends favyd the house, and this man was there, he got a gallon pot and lent an hand to disperse the mob from the house; Kelly gaye.,hun beer to giy,.at the door to save his noufe j some people. did come, in and would have it, and even took mo — nty out of ithe landlady's pocket, .

FRLLLRICK MLtSON fworv. ( I was standirg ,st Mr. JKleliy's door about ten minutes after the mob btokc Lacey's hpufc the prisoner came

down Kent-street; he flopped, at Mr. Kelly's; he took a gallon of beer upon, his head, and went.up with the mob as, far as the church; I went after him, and, got, the pot from him; then he.left the mob and came back along with me arid kftaid at Mr. KelJy's for, an hour.:

; ' ' . THOMAS.

Gaogle.

{ *25 ]

- THOMAS WKYER

F lodged a tw-lvem ik!i at Mrs. b.-

c v's an 1 1 was there --uiding and a flitting from 12 o'clock, carrying her goods a*.v-;v: i t *v»k two cares of goods to the lever. D.uls; when 1 came home at liven^o'clock it was peaceable, the Benchwas on lire. Lac y ft: J, he did not think t.u-rc would be are harm, he would move no more; 1 was tire i and laid down till a quarter before ten O'clock, then Mr. Lacey came and culled me, and fa id, for God's fake g-w up, the mob are coming, t!vy p.df d by die (Lor to a lodging-tiouio just b yond; thcyknock-' ed at the door, a woman said, you are mit-faken, it is nor the houllr; they ask.d for the pawnbroker oppofn - the Whip- Hear, they came iimncdiai. ly, Lacey Jh.-od next to me, I laid, 4Vjhere-, a fa:lor made anivver d:recilv, damn your me,

f.7*;'r if deceived, f.r ice have get it in

lid j he came itt, and a nv.n in a white coat, about five feet set'd) inches and r, half h'gH; Mrs. Lacey was then jud at the foot of the flairs; fhc frtid,. for God's fake, gentlemen, don't di it refs the dillrt Hid: the failof made answer, No, more we won't, no mem them we can help: they call'd out for candles; while they were calling out for CT.:i_ie>.,. one broke the wainefoting with a bil'dceon; a woman that lodged i:i the ho*. schrought the candles down alight out*-ofh? roomj lodged in then Lacey-took his wife by the hand; I said, 1 think-you - had better both got 'away; he took her by the hand, and I never law any mere of her, -but he patrolled the streets, rdl the time they were knocking his house down, backwards and forwards. ‘

Did Lacey bring any candles down -I think not; I am pretty lure not; she gave them the Ly; one of them fard, they rvculd save f r thelnouble of unlccVn

Did you know the man that laid, would June the trouble unlocking it — I. did not.

Did you observe his face ? — He was a very round-faced man, and very flout.. XVas it the prisoner?-< — No, it was not; Part VIL.

nor did I f e the prisoner enter the house during the time 1 w;-s there.

Yen law Mrs. Lacey come down flairs? — Y.s, before the 'inor was opened; I was at the door before her, flic* netei w s at the door at all; Mr. L iccy v.'as on one tide m.xt the shuttcis; she wa.-> at the other; file v. s n.it in the h on ft live minutes alter they came in.

Did you fee her go out of the lieu!-;: —

I did.

Where did flic flan ! when flic told one of the m- n that llic would iri e i hem the keys; — On the foot or the Hairs with h :r hard upon a relation, I behave. ' '

Did you lie two nv*n come. in ? Yc;, I went up flairs to five mv w.la and chill drrn, as any other man won id; foot) after Mrs. Lacey w,: gone out of the !v ul'e: one was a short man with r. light coatt‘i*- o* tier was in a sailor's diefs, a jolly-Lcvd man: i an lure J did not fee either of the pri-fomrs at the bar there at that time; th t'either of them entered tilt house wh 11ib I was there.

Did Mrs. Lacey follow ihefe two men. into the shop ? — - Not to my knowledge; fhc was- no farther than the passage, for'

when the man in the light-cl'otii coat went into the fh&p, he laid, that very ps, for there was. iinctet -boxtrad on

‘ tre compter.

Y ho did he say that to ? — Thcv (poke 7 it, but who to 1'can't tel! , hr in.th light cloth coat (poke it.

Was there any anfveer made to that? —

I did not hear any.

Did you Jcc the man you describe as a L jolly-faced luilor do any thing in-rhefnep? No, I went up to get my wife away; I begged for my toob; J had an hatchet mv wire ufeu to chop wood with, they would not give them to nv; tnu there were feme women up lours foraging as fad as they could; one o» th*-m bid, down with him, down- with him,it i> 1 was immediately knocked down, and thrown down flairs, but 1 don't know by whom; dr.d 1 . was dragged out of the panagv: I went over to the i'b.v.r, and there I 'aw Lacey I i , walking

walking backwards and forwards} and he is mote able to swear to them than she.

Was she in the house when the man talked of matches and tinder-box? — Yes, {he went out just then,'and {laid no longer.

J.)id you fee any tow on the compter ? — I saw none.

Count'd for the Crown. My Lord, I will

not press this prosecution any farther.

Both, not Guilty.

JOHN BRIDPORT was indifRd, for that he, together with forty other porfons and more, did unlawfully, riotously, and tumuftuoully allembje on the 7th of June, to the d'fturbanct of the public peace, and did begin do demolish and pall down the dwelling house of Timothy Lacey, agtinil t,he It mute.

JOSEPH SHORT sworn.

I live opposite Mr. Lacey's* the mob cthere on Wednesday the 7th of June, at about a quarter before ten o'clock at. night. '>

Did you fee the prisoner at that time ? — T cannot say that I saw him come down, with the mob; I keep a public house, he came ever to my house, and had a pot of beer*, when he had drank it he went out, in about ten minutes he returned again, and dciired a light, I denied him a light, and then he went out; he shortly returned again, and inkfted upon a light, and he carried a lighted candle in a large brass flat cnncllestick out of the door, with intent to set fire to the furniture, but was prevented by some of the neighbours; v/^at became or him after that I did not fee.

Did he pay for thebeer? — -When hewa$, going out I desired him to pay for the bear, be denied paying for it; I said I don't understand this, I can't keep my house open lintels you pav for the beer; 0, (said he) if you fuy any thing concerning , laid

bring in some others, some more of the,

and they will have what they please.

Was any thing in particular said by the prisoner about the candle? — -I desired him to take care not to set fire to the neighbour-

hood, for the street was siarrew he said,

he would take care of the , for

they should be set on fire in three or four par-

eels.

WhnL was the mob doing at Mr. Lacey's at that lime f — They were demoiidling the house, but I did not fee the prisoner in the house.

How do you know what his intent was when he took the candle? — He said he wanted to set fire to the furniture; it lay in the street.

After he had a pint of beer you said he went away for ten minutes and came back again ? — He did.

Did you fee where he went ? — I did not.

Prisoner. What time, was I at your house ? — As near as I can gucis about tv a o'clock the first time he came.

Prisoner. At that time I laid in Pepper Alley, at the Three Jolly Potters; I laid there till next, morning, fevon o'clock; I f'ept with a soldier belonging to the fee end regiment of guards.

Court. Had you ever fetn him before ? --- I had seen him before, but not that day, he had been in my house before.

How wits he drefLd? — -In the fame uniform he has on now.

Prisoner's Defence.

I should be glad to serve ray king and country in the regiment I belong to, which is-now in America: I do not recollect that I was ever in this man's house; I could have got the landlord of the Three Joily Potters to prove that I was there from that night till seven in the morning, but he i.v not here; I never had a candle in my hand, if I was to die this minute 1 could take the sacrament on it.

The Court (at the r of

fontfor the majlerof the 7 hree folly

For the Prisoner.

RICHARD LEWIS sworn.

Do you keep the Three Jolly Potters in Pepper Alley ?--- I do.

Do you know the prisoner ? — - 1 dc not remember him: I don't recollect him.

Prisoner. His wife knows me though he does not.

Did

-byj

t *27 ]

Did any body lodge in your hcufe on the 7th of Juno I remember this man coming very late on the 7th of June, but 1 did not serve him any beer.

Did he ltay in your house all night ?- — In an out-house.

Was you at home ? — Yes.

Do you recollect what time he came ?r~ My wife can give a better account than I can; he did not use to lodge with us.

( Richard Lewis's wife was fentfor.)

--- — LEVY IS

I am wife to the last witaels.

Do you know the prisoner at the bar ? — I do not remember him.

Did any body lodge at your house upon the 7th of June? — That is more than I know: being in a public way of buhpefs we have a soldier quartered upon us, he Was on guarej that night and another man ‘might be iu his place, if any body comes when he is upon guard we let them deep there.

You don't recollect any person's coming to your house upon the 7th of June ? — r I don't, for I am not particular in taking; notice of the day or evening when any bod y comes.

it was that night the King's Bench was burnt? — I do not recollect.

Richard Levels.J recollect a soldier lying the re that night, the prisoner might Ke the man, but I cannot tell; 1 do remember a person /leeping in our house that night the Bench was on lire.

Da you recollect what time he came ? —: About eight o'clock, 1 think, but i cannot be punctual to an hoar; ur soldier was gone upon guard.

You do not recollect the hour ? — I am pretty sure he did not come early.

Was it so early as eight o'clock; was it dark. ? — It was dark: I objected to his coming to llcep there, because it was late; people that come and sleep in a it range place thou Id befpesk a bed sooner for convenience, we shut up the house regularly at ten every night, and our house was not shut tip when he came in j ten o'clock has been

our hour ever fine* these troublesome time$, eleven was the hoyr before.

Court. Did the soldier that was billeted upon you lie in your dwelling-house, or in an out-house?*- An out-house that belongs to our house.

Need be come into your house to go ta that out-house ? — Yes, he mult come in to know if he could flet-p there or no.

Guilty (£>tari).)

[ See this prisoner* sTrial the

dvjd'ing-b'iV.fc of Alar gar et Coop,)-, p. 105.}

PATRICK CRAWLEY was indicted, for that he, together with forty other pu-fons and more, did, unlawfully, rintously, and tumultuously aUanblc on the 8th day of June, to the ditiurbance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling-home of John Brown,-against. the statute, kc.

[ TheCcunfel for the Crown did not of or

any evidence :nfutport 'indictment.)

Not Guilty.

JAMES TAYLOR was indicted, for that he, together with forty other persons anti more, did, unlawfully, riotoufiy, and' tuinultuously assemble on the 7th of June, to the diliurbance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling-house of illiam Benton, against the statute. See.

JOHN PARKER/wr/r.

Do you know Bridewell, (as it is called} in St. George's Fields ? — I do.

Who keeps it Mr. Benton.

Describe to the* Court the situation of it ? — Mr. Benton's house is in the centre of t!w building; there is a whig on the left hand, and another on the right one f'»r the women, and the other for the men.

Are there any doors of communication from Benton's house to the prison ? — l'o tra into Bridewell, one must go through Teuton's houlb, there is only one door which opens into Benton's home.

Which is the way into the wings of the prison ? — There is what they call a

lattice.

[ ]

lac tier, which Mr. Flc-ifon 'put up for his ner Unfitd and I was

own convenience to keep the piifoivvs obliged to get of?.

ir om coming into his apartment; titoffc What were, his words? — H<s worts of the prisoners that came to fee their were, d.:»:n eyes avd tbr

friends, come to that lattice, there are lit- friend of mins came and told me you nrcl

tie chinks through v.-h'ch they can put a better get off Mr there is- an i.ifinrmat;* n pint of beer ft r the pr-Toners. a?,;: in ft you, that you are a spy an: arc

Is it ail" under one roof? — Yes, ail taking notice of p-» pies face.-. tokw W

under one roof.

Are they separated r — No, or.e mud-go into Benton's house before one can get to either of tlvt wings, there is a piaev- behind that is for apprentices to keep them separato from the other prisoners, that they_ may not be corrupted by them, one ran ft go through Mr. Benton's apartment to get to it.

them eg, in, so I-went off. Mr. Kenton s a partment was on tire in a very kttfe tune afres he threw the brand in.

Where did' ym ebfciw the fire hrff breakout? — 'A Jure the fire-brand went hi.

How long after the fire-brand had been-thrown in was it before you perceived ti c fire ? — T dare lav ten minutes or a quarter.

On the Wednesday evening, the night of an hour; it ddhoved the whole hbufe, the King's Bench prison was deft royal, the prifort and every thing within it*, was you a fpccUtor of the burning of How long was-you gene before you saw this prison ? — I was of both. the fire break out ? — 1 believe ten minutes

You have been fonnuly a servant of ora quarter of an hour, but ! did not go Mr. Benton's? — I have, and am now at far; I never was above forty yards from times; I law the prisoner at near nine the prison. ' J

o'clock on Wcdnc-fthy evening come from- ' Could you fee the Uodge where the fire-the King's-bench prison with a fire stick brand was thrown in when you was gone or brand upon a laige fork, it was aimed from the prison ?--'-Yes, j could.

Was you at such a distance, and in such a print View 'when you f.iw the fire brfcak out that you could difHnguifirtli.it rt broke-out in that lodge ? — - Yes, I was hot above forty yards from it. ' i

And are you Inrethre fire was ocenfiomd by that fire-brand ? — Yes* . For wo had pulled the grates down,- And put alf he fires out, and moved the hcil part of the et-

as thick as rnv thigh, it was blazing; I watched him all the- way from the King's--bomh prison, which is fifty, ftxiv, or seventy yards; he had some particular marks upon his face that T noticed him by; he had the skin off the cheek, bone on each side his face, which appeared to have been fresh done; there were a hundred or two besides him came' with him huzzaing;'

they broke Mr. Benton's door open and foots before.' got within-side, and then they began to Did you ever fee the pfifbnCr before knock down the bars of the prison; tlierr" I cannot lay I did.

J saw the prisoner throw in a fire-hfand How long had 7011 an opportunity of 00-into a place caiied the lodge, which ' is serving his face — I suppofyabout twenty Air. B-n? in's room, it does not belong to

either of the wings.

Did ho say ary thing when he threw it in ? — He said, -day,in ynur , rr w it;

there were feme fine Canary birds belonging to Mr. Benton in Ins middle room; I said, friend it if a pity these birds should be destroyed, you had hotter let them iooi'e to stuft for tl cmlelves; the prifo-

m mutes.

b rom the obforvation you made nave you any doubt that lie is the nerson ? — -I am certain he is, I swear he is.-Do either of ihcfe marks appear upon his face now ? — There was a black scab on each side his face then, but they are worn off now.

Y'ou say you are certain he is the man

Yes.

[ 1

— Yes, I had twenty minutes observation of him, I saw him so busy, J law him with a bar after he threw the brand and went x in.

How near was you to him then ? — As near as to your Lordship, (about lix yards.)

How Ion" was it after this V\ edntfday evening before Taylor was apprehended ? — -I believe he was apprehended on Friday morning.

"Who apprehended him ? — One Thomas Holmes; 1 was going up to Newington; I saw the prisoner in the custody of Holmes j I said to Mr. Holmes, " take care of that fellow, for he is the man who threw the fire-brand into BridcwJ.L"

Did you observe at that time any mark, upon his face ? — Yes, the fame mark upon each side his cheek bone.

THOMAS HOLMES, sworn.

Wei e you the person who apprehended the prisoner ? — Yes, I took, him in St. George's Fields on the Friday, he made his eica-pe from me.

Was it for this offence that you took him ? — No, I afterwards met Parker in Black-man-rstreet, when I was bringing the pri-Jcner to the County Gaol; laid Parker, 14 1 would have-you take care of that man, for he is the man that carried the fire brand into Mr. Benton's house, at New Bridewell I said, 1 knew nothing of that.

Did he speak this out so that the prisoner might hear him ? — He spoke it loud enough for him to hear it, but he was so ilagnated I believe he did not observe anything.

Did you observe any mark of any fort upon his face ? — He had one on each side his cheek, they appeared to be something of lores or blows, but they were rather dried a little up.

From the Prisoner. Did not you lay that Parker knew nothing of me, and you would not hurt me? — f did not say any such tiling, I knew nothing about Bridewell; I thought the prisoner would ha been brought here on account of Mr. D vivs's affair; I did not know he would brought here for the affair at Bridewell, Part VII.

29 ]

PRTSONFR'c

When that man came he called me *>r my name, and pretended to be a friend to me; he said, " Parker knows nothing of the matter, and as to mv p irt I dun t de-fire to hurt you I hav one Wmt-ngham to pro'-e that I went from my lodging 10 work at seven on tr.e Wedn» fday nioru-ng, and work, d till rare o'clock, and lv.d three-p: n^c of my mr.fter, bci..b ih-.;rt of money to buy my luppcr.

For the priftr.fr.

thomas WILTi Ingham

James Taylor has worked for me near three months; I am a fi.oc -maker and Ihoe-mender; I know him to be an honest man,

1 have truffed him in my house, and he has always done me justice; 1 harheisiy-diited for being in the riot in St. George's-fielcls on the Wednesday: he was in my house that Wednesday, to speak within compifs I believe he came before tight o'clock in the morning.

He dues not ledge in your house ? —

No.

Where do you live? — In White-cross-street, near Cripple-gate $ I do not believe he ttepped over the door ihnjlhold till near nine at night, he W'orked till dark; that was a Wednesday in June, the 7th day of the month I believe.

W as it the day the King's Bench was burnt down ? — It was, he Hopped at my door to borrow three-pence for his supper, which was after he had done work.

Court. What enables you to six the time to be near nine o'clock ? — -A man could fee at that time to work till very , rear nine.

How far is your house in Cripple-gate to the place where Bridewell flood ? — -I suppose more than a mile.

Croft Examination.

Was he at work with you on Thursday ? — No, I gave him work in doors.

Was he employed by you every working day for some months before that? — 1 gave him work, six pair at a time.

K k

Where

IV here bo carry his work to finifll --f'r'crto his lodgings in the BorouLrh.

Then 'he had not been working in your house that Weclnelday ? — Yes, 1 wanted him to work with me oil bdpoke work.

Did he work with you on Tudtinv ? — He did.

And was to work with you on Thurs-<]ay ? — He was to have done lo, but did 'not.

When was you applied to by him or any person to remember the pa, uculur time ? — Not till I came to the New Gaol, which to the best of my knowledge was the Sunday before 1 aft; he lent to jne; I un.ler-fkiod he was committed for soir.c rioting matters, and I said, 1 would have nothing to do with him.

Did you observe then whether he had any particular marks in his face ? — -He came up and down, but 1 did not observe any such mark.

How was he drclTtd on the yth of June ? — J ill the same as he he is now, he had his apron on.

Then your idea of the time when he went away was from the conjecture of the time he would leave off work ? — He {laid beyond the usual time of leaving off work to oblige me j it was not after, but very near nine when he left my hoafe.

Had be a candle w^th hun ? — Xo, J had no candle.

You could not fee him? — -Yes

JDid you obfeyve any th:ng* particular about his face ? — Nothing particular, no-more than i did at another time.

What did he fiy when he was going rip fburs ? — He said, landUrA^ arty'.u afterp ? he laid, he had hern at work day and rad three-tenet of his majicrhim some

/upper.

Court. Did you fee him on Thursday ? — 1 did, he teemed very much in liquor.

What time of day ? — About eleven aji the forenoon I believe.

Did you observe any marks in his fgee ail that "time ?--- I did not, for I was going to fetch my v.ife home from Clare !\lar-ket; I la\V him in the street.

YVhat time in the morning was it when you first saw him ? — A quarter after A -ven o'clock I believe, at my own house.

Did you observe any thing the matter with his-face?-. — 1 saw nothing amiss.

JOHN CANNON sworn.

A 'c you sure there was no n.rnrk upon either check ? — None at all, no nu>rc than there is upon mine. —

'You are very sure of that ? — Quite ft>, if there had been any thing I would as fpon speak it as not.

j

Was it usual with him to come i :n your room when he went up stairs to b m The prisoner lodged with me about a' — Yes, he has done fp several tunes, quarter of a year; he paid me very iuftly. Who let him into the house ? — 1 got In what place? — Royal Oak Court, on up and let him in.

And he followed you up into the bed- . room j did he tell you this then ? — - He followed me into the room and said this.

Did he appear to be sober then ? — As fob. r as I ever saw a mart in my life.

It was too dark to observe his face that

night if you had no candle ?-I saw hi>

face plain enough-

Not in the night? — -1 did in the morn-

this ii.V the water: my wife has been out a waftiir.g and iron ing for two or three days-together, and left him by himself when 1 have been at work in Clare market, and he has behaved very honest, 1 never saw him in liquor.

Do you know any thing of the evening \n wh'cn the King's-bench prison was destroyed J — He came home that night a few minutes after tfcn o'clock j 1 was in bed, the clock Had struck ten be lodges in the garret; 1 d<d not lock my room door, so he came into my room as he was going up j then he went to his bed.

ingy 1 saw his face in the morning.

Did you observe no mark upon his face next day ? — Nobe.

Did ne lie at home on the Thursday night ? — -He did.

What

rby

Geo

f *3*

W+i*t time did he go out on Friday ? —

J do not know, 1 went to my work in Clare -market, '

How long was it before you Caw him; he was taken up upon the Friday f — I c.n-not tejl how long niter.

When you law him in gaol did you observe any thing then upon his face ? — No,* it is the tirft word 1 ever heard of hi* h;v ing any fores upon nis face.

Court. Did not you Cay he clandlord, are you afeep ? — 1 am lure I went down and let him in and he followed me into the room.

Did you or r.ot say fb just now ? — I do not know that I did; I will not tell a lie.

Did you say that or no r-^-I won't say I did not fiy it.

How could he say, landlord arc you aflrep, after you bad jet him in ? — I was in bed and let aim in j be followed ihc up into my room.

Did he alk you, whether you was aflerp? — I will not pretend to say.

To Parker. There are several persons belonging to the prison ? — Yes, Come in the back and some in the front.

Who told you that you was marked < One Noyes, who lived a servant with a porkman.

Were none of your own people in the front of the prison, when the man came up with the tire brand ? — There might be several about, but he only keeps two servants; he and Mr. Benton were at the back part of the prison when the fore part was on fire. '

Was nobody in the front of the prison but yourself ITiere was a servant belonging to Mr, Spence the Brewer that I meant to fubpaena, but he is gone to France.

Not Guilty.

DANIEL BROOKS was indifled, for that he, together with forty other persons and more, did, unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuou/ly assemble on the yth of June*

to the disturhr.ncc of the ptib'ic pmee, and did begin to d-mol.ih ^nd puli tk-wn tile nwvii'ng-house of Thomas Cumol'v, a gcin‘2 tiic Mtutv, iVc.

v Wi LL1A M N K \ Y ?\ IA N pen:.

I live in lb in.uK'fev-jtieet.

Do you know Mr. Conn >i!y's hour- ? — Yes; the mob came at iirdf after 11 o'clock, in a riotous'manner before rry door; they . threatened te puli it doc.n; the;- \«--.nr from thence and ihn-iucnvd to puii Conpoiiv's house down, and 1 heaid afterwards that they did do it.

How far is Connolly's from your house?

— About t-vo or three hundred yutds.

What time of iHe day was it when they were at ur house? — It -was hit if alter eleven when they went from my house.

Did you fee tnc prisoner at the bar then ?-.-Not then; I law him afterwards at about one or lumc time after one o'clock.

Was thr mob in the street at that time?.' — Yes, a great many people up and tiown hurraing, and the people laid, they were coming to my house, which terrified me much j I was Handing looking at my door; the prisoner tame by; I knew him very veil, and there were ioir or five more with him; I looked upon them to be some of his fawyers, some of his men; he looked at me very hard, and laid, you, is not your hufe down yet yours shall

te the next: they then went up tnc it reet j he was (wearing and talking to the others, but what he laid I do not know; in about three quarters of an hour he came back again with one more; he looked at me, and made ufc of the fame expreftions then, what, is not your house down yet ? it fall not be long before is; then, he went on towards where they were burning Connolly's goods.

Which way did he come from when you saw him the first time r — From Connolly's house, going towards his own house.

Rccollect particularly, what he said-to you when he fu'it came up? — When he came from towards Connolly's house

way,.

r 132 ]

way, he looked ?t me, and said, wta/, set fire to the dwelling-house of Farmer

is not your house down yet ? it shall not be Shillingford, gentleman, against the lta-long before it is; and he fworc and went tute.

on talking to the other men. 2d Count. For setting on fire and Imrn-

You said it was about two or three hun- ing a house of the said Farmer Shillingford,

dred yards from your house to Connol- against the peace.

Jy"s ?--‘-Yes. 3d Count. For fitting fire to the dwell-

Was you near enough at your house to ing-house of Benjamin Thomas, against fee what was going on at Connolly's ?--- the statute.

No, there is a turning between Connolly's 4th Count. For setting on fire and burn-house and mine lo that I could not fee it. ing a house of the said Benjamin Thomas ' WILLIAM IVEY /worn.'> against the peace.

What are you? — -An officer of the JAMES EW ER sworn.

Court of Requests. What are you r--- A carpenter and

Do you remember at what time it was joiner by trade, that the mob came to Mr,.Connolly's Do you know Mr. Shillingford ? — house ? — I repeatedly saw the mob there Yes".

from twelve o'clock till about three, which Was you there on the 7th of June last ? was the last time I was there. — Yes, from ten o'clock in the morning

Did you in the courl'e of that day fee till the house was consumed; I was left the prisoner? — I saw iiim about six in toe in the house in care of his £oods. evening; I was among the gentlemen of What fort of a house is it ? — It is the the Borough that were going round; I corner house; Mr. Shillingford and h;s think it was the second time, they hajj family live in it, he sent forme about ten been round before, but I w\as not with o'clock to take down his furniture and them then; when we came to Connolly's take care of his things; he said, do for house, there were a number of people af- me as you would for yourself, I leave sembled about the house and in the house, you-in trust with my goods ;" I got Mr. many of them much in liquor, some were Neal's naan and the mailer I work for to pulling down* what little remains of the help me; I got belt part of the things house were left; we dispersed the mob at oft' fare; at about six oDrlock at night that, time and were going away, when the house was fall of boys and men; they somebody called out, that there were three eat and drank in the house, and Did, or four m<-n in the cellar, the prisoner' they would not damage any thing; be-, was one person that was brought out of tween levui and eight o'clock the prisoner the cellar; I saw three brought out; whe- came into the house with othci>, he had ther there weie any more I cannot tell. a piece of wood on fire in his hand, which What was Connolly ? — -A publican: he put under the elofet facing the llatr1.

he kept the sign of the Two-Brewers. Was he in the house before? — Not

Court. . Gentlemen of the jury, there that I saw. being no other evidence in support of the What had he in his hand ? — They h;d # prosecution, I do not think it necessary to made a large fire before the lobby of the put the prisoner upon his defence. prison before they set tire to any of the

: Not Guilty. lobby; I threw a pail of beer over the

_ pioc-e of wood and put it out; then the

prisoner went out of doors; whether he . JOHN FRENCH was indicted, for came in again of not I cannot say; in less. that he, together with divers other per- than ten or fifteen minutes there wereTies fons, on the 7th of June, unlaw fully, in inore rooms and in the elofets: I can-Mvaliciously, wilfully and feloniously, did not pretend to say that he came in a second

I J

♦olid time; the fire was so strong that part It ffcfeJjFr&cJl's fist you put out? — -of the moh, who were brealcinf and de- Yes.

stroying the house, were forced to come Was any thing burnt before the

out at the two^pair of flairs window into other persons came in and put fire into the the garden. ' elofet ? — The fire in the elofet 1 threw a

How was the prtfoner4reffed when you pa if of beer over it. saw him first ? — -Much the same as he is But had it burpt 9fpart of the elofet ? now, only he had larger trowsers j his — -I can't say it had, because it had not bad trowsers came very near to his shoes. time to catch fire.

How ioftg had you an opportunity of ttpan

-observing him ? — tight or ten minutes I ' Not Guilty.

foppose. -

Do' you entertain any doubt about it

- — None in the least. WILLIAM SAUNDERS was indicted

Did he speak to you ? — When I threw the beer upon the piece of wood, one of them, I don't know that it was the prisoner, said, if 1 did t like again Ijbould go

rn the fire instead of the fail of beer.

What parish is this house in ?* — St. George's I believe, I rent a house in St, George's &f twenty one pound a year;

Cross Examination.

You never few the prisoner before in your life ? — Not to my knowledge.

You saw him‘for four or five minutes? — Three, four, cr fi ve minutes.

You Was pretty attentive to fake care of the house that no more mischief should be done to it ? — I was sent there for that purpose. ‘

But did you take notice of every man's face and dress there ? — -I did not, but I could take notice of him that brought the fire in.

How long was he in the house ? — Throe, four, or five minutes} he never went up flairs that I know of.

You entirely extinguished the first fire ? — I did.

And after that yon never few the prisoner at all ? — No.

You were in great confusion ? — I was, and when he went out of doors there were three or four different people came in with fire.

Did any other people put fire into this elofet Another person after the prison* cr French's fire was doubted, nut fire in PautVII.

for that he, together with an hundred other persons and more, did unlawfully, riotouily,: and tumultuously iflemble on the 7th of June to the disturbance of the public peace, and did begin todemolish and pull down the dwelling house of Farmer Shiilingford, against the form of the statute. June

the 7th.

2d Count. Charging him in like manner for beginning to demolish and pul! down the dwelling house of Benjamin Thomas,

£rT _ ' r

JAMES EWER /worn. V

I was in Mr. Shillingford's house the whole day; 1 came down stairs, and met this lad, the prisoner, in the passage, with a flick in'his hand, he broke a fijuare of glxfs with it; I catched him by the ftiouU der, and said to him, yon go he mo

to work, your master dots not know you are

here j He said, M / will go home immediately he went out of the premises, ami I never saw him till next day, when he was at work for his mailer, Mr. Sio.pfon.

Was the pane of glass inside or outside the house ?- — In side the house.

Who apprehended him ? — His own master; I was lent for twics to the justict'» before L went.

Court. Why was you font for twice before you went ? — Because I had fom.c bu finds to do; I had feme work to do; I could not get out of the rules of the so Mr. Levey said he would fei at the Dun Horse facing the church, I wont there, , LI Had

Had any mischief been dnaeto-tli^iroide

at this time ? — Yes, a great many panneis" and doers were broke, and the people were all up ttairs thumping at the-faine

time. ' ' iJ -

Do you know what ag^the prisoner is ? -r-I have knotvn him two years; I can't tell, I take -him to be due tern, seventeen, or eighteen; his matter said I-think, he had a year and a half of his time to serve.

Not Guilty.

‘ CALEB HUMPHREYS was indited for that he, unlawfully, maliciously, Wii-? fully, and fdonjoufiy did set fire to the.

dwelling house of Benjamin Thomas, Esq.

; commonly called the Ring's Bench Prison,. I against the statute. 1

I o

gd Count. Charging him with setting on fire and burning the house of the raid Ben--jamin Thomas, Esq; called the King's Bench Prison, against the peace.

NICHOLAS MOON psr».

' I am a turn-key at the King's Bench Prison.

Do you know Mr. Thomas's house the Lobby ? — Yes.

' 'Doe? thit<ndjoin to the prison ?--No, it formerly joined the nrifoil, hut since the Iatt alteration of thfl walls it is cut off.

- What is the distance from Mr. Thomas's, house to ‘the lodge ? — From the lodge to the Marshal's house is, I believe, between twenty ard thirty yards.

Describe what fort of a budding ihe on-in is. — 11 is a very large' commodious, building, cortftfting of two wings; there is a chapel near about the centre. '

: Is there a place called the lodge in the prison ? — It is within the prison,. the lodge* is part of the main wall.

Who are the persons who occupy the lodge? — Myttlf, as servant to Mr-iThomas. 'VK.

Do you sleep there ? — -I have done foN merle, but n *t latterly; I always iockiic, up -. ! keep ihe'-keywith me andi open it* in the morning 5 «I let another perlWflccp. there.--O I i-:' 'ii: 1

* Court. How:lately bad you fit pt there ' — Not for this year and half and vp-. wards.

- Do any of Mr. Thomas's servants sleep there? — Yes, there was always one slept. in the lodge hecaiife thty OoUld not open, the doors without me; I Jock the doors-and C£*ry. the key home With me.

THOMAS KELLY

.1 am a iabonring man. - ,

Were you in the King's-bench prifort( or near it on the Wednesday evening when it was destroyed ? — I was at work when it firtt began, along with Mr. Fentiman adjoining to the gaol; after I had done work, i went to the gate of the King's-bench and saw the rioters all running across the yard, Jtome into',one place some. into another. r

Do you mean within(tlte walls ? — Yes, I saw die prisoner going along by where 1 flood, he was a long distance from 'me; he had two pieces of Wood in his hand which I observeu to be on fire; he was walking from the <'north*west gate, where-, I flood towards the ealf; I turned hack dire£Hy, as soon as I that the mob . were come crouding so much about me;

I went and flood top of the building I . had been at work, itpop that day-till the gaol was burnt down.

Did you fee any more of the- prisoner after th^t did not,.

Was there - any fire in the gaol at the . time you saw him ? — Yes, plenty of it.; it had burnt some time.,

Were you able to judge where hegyt' those boards from ? — -No, he held one in-each hand; I knew him to be at. work till about seven that afternoon.

i Where Was,he at work ? — Ip Blackman-street, for the fame matter that I. work for.

f 4 - 1

1 Cress Examination.

On this afternoon the prisoner hpd been at work for the fame matter with you ? — Not. along with me, but for the fanje matter, ;Mf* Fentiman.

The prisoner and you had a little if- ,

...7 . P‘!tc

i y

pute fona£ time ago, had not you We had.

YoU fought ? — We did not fight.

You was very angry with him ? — We were very -angry prie with another.

After your quarrel, did not you threaten him? — No.

Not at all ? — No.

How long ago is it ftnee you quarrel!* ed 1 — -Three quarters of a year 1 believe.

You have not been friends since ? — We have been friendly together in the fame workshop and a» the pay table.

You have' not been quite so good friends as you were before, have you J--- I owe him no grudge or ill will.

Court. Whenr you saw him, was he going towards the prison or from it ? --- He WaS going along side the building, and I believe that was the time he came into the building, for i knew him to be at work, till about the time I left work tnyfelf.

What kind of timbers were they ? — They looked like pieces, of wood; 1 know they were not boards, nor nothing of any large site |< lobserved them both on firey but whetinr they were or not-I cannot

Did he appear to you to be coming into the prison? — Yes, into the gates of the prison with his back to me.

Counsel for the Crowns Were the gates of the prison thrown open at that time ? — They.* were, because J was at. work when they were thrown open.

Counsel for the prtjoner.So was he ? —

Yes.

What became of the rest of the prison ? --- Moll of it was on fire.

Did you observe any body else do any mischief with the fire ? — Not that I know of;

Court'. What induced you to go into the prison at that time ? — 1 was at work by it and went in out of curiosity.

Prisoner. Whether he did not when I was serving him with bricks and mortar, ouce damn, my. young eyes, and say, he would bring it home to, me one time or. other-?. — *1 ,never,.hcewf.,those words, nor

spoke those words to him in my life, as 1 hope to he laved.

--- HOl.LOV.vi\Y

You was in the KingVbuich the night/ it was attacked by the mob ?- -Yes, from between three and four o'clock till th - fire was in the yard, and then I came out . with some goods I had to bring ou' for a gentleman that was in the Bench whom I went to alfdt to remove h>s goods } i saw Humphreys in the entry, in the p.tiTige into the prison with a thick in his hand.

How long had you been there when vou saw hirr. ? — -About an hour and an half.

And you went there between three fnd four ? — Yes, 1 saw him nit once or tw.ee against one of the doors of the prison,

but I can't ttii which; there was a man came out who looked like a prisoner, gave . Humphreys apok'.r, as far as 1 could lye, and he hit against the door with that, but

O v }

I did not fee the door break any way.

What were the other people doing t there ? — Several were hi caking the windows; I don't n collect feting the prisoner break any windows.

Were the doors of the prison open or shut at that time ? — Open, I believe.

There were an imrr.cofe number of people there, were there not?- — A great. , many, but I did not fee him with the mob} there were two or three breaking the windows at the time I saw him hitiing the door with the poker; whether he was getting goods out as I was,toe the prisoners I can't tell. ..

He might be assisting the prisoners lor , what you know ? — He might.

You did not fee him join the mob ? — No, there were several men breaking the windows at that time, but I have lorne-' thing to say against the firfb witness; alter coming from the justice's, we came down to a public house close by Sr. George's Church, and had a pot of beer; Kelly said, by "Jcfus 7vequar relied about six ago

and there is 5 o/. reward is dor.,: over

new j he said ovet again, is 50/. reward and that will fails fy us udl.'

Ciurt.Repeat that aeam He said,

1 ' It

r »is j

hi bad quarrelled about six months ago with A t the same time that H^lowny was? —

the young ir,any and as much as to say, he Yes.

was not friends then at she time, and that Where did you go to from thence ? — I

ihere was y)l. reward, and that we Jbostld went home directly, only I had part of a

be all very well satisfiedfor our trouble. , pint of beer at the Marquis of Granby's

Counfet for ti e Crown.Who was in com- Head.

pany at that time ? — Nobody but he and A pot of beer.

I together. Where is the Marquis of Granby's

You was acquainted with him before ? — Head

Knowing him to be a witness to this. Kelly. It is the next public hdufe to1

And he took you aside to tel] you this ? St. George's church iwthe Borough.

— Yes. Did you drink that pint of beer by your-

You have, I suppose, told every body of self? — -No. this ? — 1 have told one or two of it, gen- Who drank with you ? - — I don't know tie men of his acquaintance. who belonged to me, but it was none of the

Did you tell his mailer of it i — Yes, I two evidences. told his mailer of what 1 heard. Then that man did not drink with you

Court. You had been a witness before --He did not. thejulUce as well as him Yes. Had you any conversation with Hoilo-

Did you tell this to the gentleman who way ? — -Never before that 3ay nor since. examined you on the part of the profecu- Nor at that time ? — I never spoke a tion? — I did not tell it to any body till I word to him to the best of my knbwle-came among the gentlemen here. . in n>y life before we were brought here to

You told it to the mailer particularly ? the Three Tuns.

— -T did. . Did you tell him, that you had hed a quar-

Wtre you acquainted with, his mailer rel with the pr if oner ? — Never. before ? — Hi* matter built my mjllrefs's Did you say any thing to him about a houses. reward? — /

You have been acquainted to speak with the , nor I don't accept the reward,

him before ? — Only when be came to the nor meant any thing about it. yard for timber. ! Cannot you recollect who drank with

He asked you if you knew any thing a- you ? — I cannot call to mind their name , bout the young man ? — No, he did not but I know them by light, a Ik me any thing; I had been and told him Did you and Holloway walk together the whole. from the justice's to the Granby's Head

What did you say in return when he No, rot at ali. said, it was a good thing for you all?--I said, Who was with you when you went from

you arc a very bad man, I think you are the justice's to the Granby's Head ? — Two swearing a man's fife away for the fake of gentlemen.

the reward; I told him that, and he did And you bad no conversation with them? *ipt make any nnfiver, only that he would — -No.

slot be found if he could help it. Holloway. Was any body with you

To Kelly. Were you with that witness — Yes, Mr. Brooks and Mr. rloyd treated drinking part of a pot of beer near St. us with a pot of beer.'

George's church ? — /never drank a sint or HENRY FLOYD

pot of beer with him since 1 was horn. I apprehended the prisoners, I saw Hoi-

Was you before the justice of peace ? — Ioway anl Killy drinking together after 1 was there; I don't know whether there they came from the Rotation Office, I saw wasajustice of peace, or who was there them all there together, and examined. " ' ' Court. These tsWTnen Vxrc drinking

3 together

[ *37

together were tiiey ? — Yes, and Bird, and

all together,

Do you mean they were all in the fame company, and drinicing the fame beer to-' gvther ' — Tes, they were in tap-ram

together.

Court to Kelly.Did you fee that fohlier (Floyd) there ? — Yes, both times,-and at all times, after 1 came before I went.

To Flcyd. You was at he Granby's Mead before you went to the justice ? — Yes.

Did you observe whether tncre was any converlation going on between them: — 1 They were talking together, but I cannot say what they said; 1 did not take any notice.

RICHARD BIRD sworn.

Were you at the Granby 's Head ? — I yvas there.

Did you go there wi,th Kelly and Kol-

" . 1 ' a.. --

MONDAY,

!oway ?--4Ve all went back together from the Rotation.

; Whac had you at the Granby's Head ? — We had a pot of beer together. '

For you three ?--- Ycs, drank to-

gether.

Counsel for the Crown. Is the mailer of the Granby's Head here r — T do not know.

Court. Had you any cvnverfution while you was there ? — - I cannot say; I r ent home, and left them two there together.

Court to Holloway.You v,<is at the Ro-

tation ? — Yes.

Was you examined there ? — YVs.

What account did you give of the matter before the justice ? — - That i law this young man with a ltick in his hand linking against the door, and then with a poker he hit again It the door.

' Not Guilty.

the 17th July.

The J

James Galpin, of MitYeoman.

John Prior, of Mortlake, Malt.[fen -j John Weller, of Mortla, Bricklayer-

John Worsfold, of Oik ley. Yeoman. Thomas BeJchainber, of Yeoman.

Thomas Spencer, of , Carpenter.

Thomas h-oliman and Samuel NORTON,. Were irmidfed, for that they, together with one hundred other persons and more, did, u nlawfu! ly , riotou'lv, and tucnultucufly ailemble on the 7th of Juncjtothe-diflurbrhtice of the public pc. ee, arvd did begin to dtmohfn and pull down the dwelling-house of Benjamin Thomas, Esq. again#! the form of the flarute, &c. NICHOLAS MOON fwemn.

I am a turnkey in the King's-Bench pri--fbn. -:

Part VII.

U R Y- .;

Richard Bell, of Betch, Gentleman.

Thomas Silvester, of Croydon, Gardiner. John Puplett, of Croydon, Yeoman. Thomas Farley, of Croydon, Yeoman, John Rogers, of Chob ham. Yeoman. Richard Rose, of Dor Yeoman.

: The prison conhfts of two wings and a centre, docs it not ? — It does.

What do-you call the centre ? — There is 3-chapel in the ceritre of the prison.

What part of the prison is the lobby ? —

1 hat is quite another part of the prison, it belongs to the main waits fronting the fields; the lobby was my apartment, J have not slept there fometirne, but there was always fume of Mr. Thomas's fercants flepr there.

Mm Whc

Who his the disposal of the rooms ?- By the direction'of the Marshal,

Is any thing paid for apartments?* — There is.

Was jou in the King's-Bench prison 6n Wednesday the 7th of June, when the mob came there ? — Yes I was; they came about five o'clock, or soon after, in the afternoon; there was a vail number afi'em-bled together; Mr. Holliman came in first from the field to the front door of the lobby; a yaft number followed him; he demanded x the doors to be opened; I gave him no answer j he had in his hand a bludgeon of feme kind, but what I did not observe; I made him no answer; he then repeated it, N open the dear; I was looking at him very hard at the same time that I might know his person again: I ask.d, t it 'that demands thjdoers to be opened? one said, damn you, or God damn you, open the door;

whether it was Holliman or another person that said that I will not be positive: I opened the door, and Holliman and they went in; I was about a minuto and an half, $r two minutes I believe before I could get from the door, the mob was f© great.

Was any thing done by any person before you opened the door, or did you open it upon that request ? — -I opened it upon that re quell; that was, the third time of their demanding it.

What number of the mob were at the prison then ? — I suppdfe between three and four hundred.

What did they proceed to do when they ot inside the prison ? — I don't know, I id not go in, 1 went into the fields as ibon as i could get out of the lobby.

How long did you remain in the fields ? — Half an hour, or rather more.

How far from the prison ? — A quarter of a mile or more; I went to the-Magdalen Coifeo-house. '

Did you meet any-body there? — Not in particular; I saw a great many there that 1 knew; I did not go for the purpose of meeting any-body.

What did yott go there for ? — To bfe out of the moo.

V\ here was the Martha) at this time ? — 1 don't know, 1 did hot fee him.

Did you make any attempt to find him ? — No, i did not know where to go; I did not attempt to.find him.

How far is his dwelling-house from this place ? — I believe about twenty or twenty-five yards from the prison door.

«Had his house been attacked at that time ? — No, I did not fee any one at his house when I left the prison.

Did it not occur to you to goto his house to tell him what had happened ? - — I was in such a fright I hardly knew where to go.

The priloft was burnt, was it not ? — It Was.

How soon did you fee the fiames ? — In about an hour after or something

Have you any thing to say against the other prisoner ' — No. /

Cross Examination.

You was a good deal frighted at this time ? — -i was

Therefore you did not take particular trotice of the people that were there ?- — Y> s I did, for it was a minute or two before I opened the gate.

THOMAS MORSE sworn.

I understand you was a pri loner in the King's-Bench ©nWednesday evening when it was. attacked and destroyed ? — Yes.

At What time did the rioters get inta the prison ? — Near about five o'clock when they came; il was fending out fotne of my goods by a hoy he came and said, he could not get out; i went out to fee whether the doors would be spen that I might get out v/iih some goods; 1 went out to the door, I got out ft vie the prison to fee whether any soldiers were about the place, 1 law the mob coming from Bridewell, which is just by 5 I flood upon the step$, they came hurraing with bludgeons, and things in their "hands-; among ft the rest I saw Norton the prifoper^ he had his hat in his hand hurraing, but whether he had any thing in his hand I can't say; 1 Rood' upon

jkc

I

C <3* 1

the'steps, forte went by me into &e lobby; I went in asr soon as I could after them; some demanded the keys of Mr. Moon, but I did not hear Norton do that} I got like over Mr. Moon; some of them said, your eyes,open the door; they had clubs,

they made a blow at the door, he asked tljpm for what reason ? or something of that fort 1 said " don't hurt him, he is a pri-for.er's friend, be quiet; but I did not fee Norton, nor hear him speak, but who it was I do not know, nor do ! know that other prisoner; I got in along with them, and began to move my goods as fast as I could some of the mob began breaking die windows and knocking the things about j they broke mine; one came with a fort of bludgeon, and said, damn your eyes

set out, get out, we have come to relieve you;

said, don't break this place, it belongs to the poor prisoners, and not to the marlnal; for God's fake let me have my goods out; they said, dartin your have not we come to ' get you out ? then they went into the chapel, broke down the pulpit and the feats, and brought them out and burnt them j from the chapel they went from room to room several of them, and broke the ceiling, the doors, the windows, and every thing to pieces that they could, and flung them through the wiltdow.

Did you fee Norton at any time after in that evening ?* — I cannot charge my memory that J did, for I went to look after my own things; I had several of my own things burnt.

After they had broke the doors and ceilings, and windows, what did they do? — They brought them out ‘upon the parade and burnt them.

How long was it after.that before they* set fire to the prison ? — About three quarters of an hour i suppose.

‘ How many might there be of them ? — Two hundred 1 suppose, but there were not so many at first.

Did you know Norton before ? — Kc had been h prisoner, but had been dischargea some time.

4

Court. Was 'any injury <fone to any part of the building in.if, or only to the furniture'? — Tire inflde of it was torn down, the benches, the wain footing, the ceiling was torn down and flung out at the* wind- ws; tiuy broke the glais, and the wood out of the window frames.

CHARLES AXTELL You were a prisoner in the King's Bench lardy? — I was.

Was you at the Kings Bench Prison cte Wednesday the yih of June ? — Y when

the mob first came, which was a bttle after five o'clock as near as I can gucf, when they broke into tnc prison.

Do you know, Norton ? — I have known him several years.

Did you fee him that afternoon ? — Yes, in the yard, it is called me parade, it is inside the prison; I law him tiure about eight o'clock.

Had the mob broke in then ? — They had.

What was Norton's behaviour, that of an innocent specUtor, or a person concerned in the riot ? — -He was very much intox- ' icated with liquor, he came up to the Carpenter's Bench in this parade, Mr. Ben-net, a Crown prisoner flood upon it j he hurraed, and fain, 0 damn , you John Bennett, now you are no prisoner, there is no

prison now: 1 went to him and said, you great nasty poison-pated rafeal, why don't you go home to your own family, what business have you here ? He flood at that time in great awe of mej he made me no answer, but turned about, and went away,

I never saw him after.

Did you fee a flick in his hand ? — -He had no flick in -his hand, nor any other wean on*

That is all you hca;d him say r — Yes.

And you did not fee him do any thing ? — I did not fep him do any thing.

HOLIMAN's

I was at home at the same time, I have fuflicieni proof of that.

[ HO 1

ForH 'iman.

THOMAS W £LCH

I am a breeches-maker, and live in Long-acre, I have known Hoiiman live or six years.

Did you fee him on Wednesday the yth of June ? — Yes, the day the* prison was dettroved, the clock (truck t'mee before dinner came on the table; he./laid at home till after four, then he went out, hnd Laid for about half an hour or rather better, and then came in again.

What time does this brir.g it to? — To about half pvft five o'clock. '

Did you know what had become of him then? — No, only via at he told me, that he had been to see the J;lcct Prison; he lodged in Klcet-lene; v.e dii.i d together at his brother-in-law's, m Fleet-lane; he iivrd with him at that time.

When he went outdid he go without his hat or with it ? — He went without it, he had not his -hat on all day.

And was never out more than half an

hour at a time?--Not exceefinT thre« quarters of an hour 1 am iure j when he came back he gave me the p.uticuars of what was passing at the FLet-piifon, krr I was very ill and dis not go out.

, Cr'fi Exami

You dined at three ? — The clock fru three before dinner came.

k

Who dined in your company? — Him, hit wife and iiilcr-in-law, me, and the.

chiiJ.cn.

The brother-in-law ? — He was very, much intoxicated with liquor.

Too drunk to know any thing ? — Yes.

How happened he to be in liquor before dinner ? — They had some gin and milk in the morning and one thing or other.

After dinner the prisoner fat with you till what time ? — 'Fill after four o'clock.

Did the fifter-in-law fit in company ? — Yes, Ihe was in the houlic along with us.

Kow

The NINTH PART of the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Riobers, Was Published this Morning (Price SIX-PENCE.J

A L S O

B R A C H Y G R A P H Y;

Or, An eafv and compendious Systf. xt of Short-Hand, (DEDICATED with Permission to the KING,)

A D A P TED

(After note than Forty Years Practice) to the various Sciences and ProfcfGons, By the late Mr. T H O MAS GURNEY.

The NINTH EDITION, consideraoly improved according to the present Method,

' By his Son and Succdtor, JOSEPH GURNEY,

.(WRITER OF THESE PROCEEDINGS)

Sold (Piict Hclf-a-Guinea) by M. Gurnet, No. 34,

The Book is a sufficient Initru&or of itself, bur if any Difficulties occur they shall be reniov-d\ipon Application to the Author without any additional Expence.

Trials at Law, and Arguments of Gonnfcl are taken in by J. GURNEY.

I

T H E

P R O C E E D I N G S

- . t) N THE _ x.

KIN G's Special Commission of Oyer and T'crmiaef for the Coimiy of Surry, ::

H E L D A T

' St. MARGARET'S- H I L L,

On Monday the 10th of July, 1780, and the following Days;

BEFORE

The Right Hon. ALEXANDER LORD LOUGHBOROUGH* Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas;

The Hon. Sir HENRY GOt/LD, Knight, one of the JusticCs of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; '

The Hon. Sir JAMES EYRE, Knight, one of the Barons of hi*

' Majesty's Court of Exchequer;

A N

The Horn FRANCIS BULLER, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

Taken in SHORT-HAND (with Perriiiflion of the Court)

By JOSEPH GURNEY,

Short-Hand-Writor at the Sdiion in the Old Railcv.

1

PART VIII.

t LONDON:

Printed for JOSEPH G IT R N E Y, - And Sold by M. GURNEY, No. 34., near

MJKX.LXXX.

'[PRIC-R SIXPENCE.)

* [ H2 J

_ * 4.

mmsaumssOmmtmmar ----- ----- --- m----- — r mini i i i

THE.

P R O C E E t> I N G S

. :i

o n T n E \

4 i, A c t - 1 s- - a,

14 I N G *s Special Commissionr of Oyer and Terminer

ibr the County of Surry/8cc.

4 v

[ Gzaliniurtiw of the 'Crlal of THOMAS - L L I M A N. and SAMUEL

r: . NORTON.J1 ‘

' ' 1 v* 'L* -:

HC WJong/l i:jH'«aim?.*i ft ay out the first f they threatened to, {turn it, 1 staid with time ?-Not to exceed half an- hour, lr'ihi till seven o-clutk. "

he was tu again by half alter lour ... f^ow was.-he/'drciVed that day r — In a

not Bay above five minutes and related to brown coat, an old leather apron, buck-.tic whae was paiTing.. E?..: -» Ikwi brooches ai^d-a-green waistcoat; I re-Do you l'j:cak from conjcclurb as to the marked his Bookings, they'were ribbed; time or did you observe-.the ;tin&fe)?*rrhcre . the Wiiiftcpat )§? bought of me before, was a little clock in the room, I observed Had he no other pair of ribbed Bock-it because it was a usual time for me to > ings but those ? — He told me so, that dins; he Baid about five minutes and re- ..made me observe them in particular; he dated the danger that the Fleet-prison wa* said ha gave but three *and iix-peucL for in: .: \ ,..then*', i Recollected that ( had given a

How long did lie continue with you 'shilling more for those which had not oeua. before he went out again ? — Not above better.

five minutes , he was out then not ex- . ...; - _/. ____

ceeding half or three quarters of an hour j . JACOB HICKS it was not half after live when he came I am a smith.

in, for though we dined late, I thought Do you know Thomas-Holliman ? —

we ought to have tea in proper time, and- Yes. ' v '

therefore, I took notice of the clock. Did yon fee him on Wednesday the 7 th

Particularly the second time that he of June? — \es, before five o'clock and went out ? — Yes, because of the dinner after.

and tea-time. How long before five did you fee him.

You had dined? — Yes, but expected — About twenty minutes before j I law my tea at the usual timej I was very him stand by thefi.de of; the Fleet-tna:ke^ joorly. almost opposite the Fleet gate; I remained

- You suppose it to be half after five there with him till about twenty minutes when he returned the second time ? — Yes. after five.

Craft Examination. ... , Was any body elie present with you r

How long might he. flay there? — He — Mr. Hayes was Banding by him and might stay five or ter. minutes then, tel- Mr. Wrench.

ling me the danger the Fleet was in, -that Was any other persons Bunding close

' , toge-

i

tJy

together ? — There were a number of jveo- by you ? — -I uhdcrftooJT WV. >horne and pic there, but I rccoUeil those partial- lJayos.

lari '» HAYES

What makes vou Recollect the time? I am a mailer butcher in Fleet-market,. — I.work at Mr. BroJic's hi Curcy-street; at the l.ift (hop but one near Holborn-we have a time keeper that takes our time bridge, on the right hand side, when we go out or the {hop and come Was vou in Fleet-market on the yth of back again; 1 laid, I will lose no time, June last; — I was, all that afternoon, we aiv also wed half an hour for watering; J)o vou remember seeing any one in they charged me half an hour because 1 particular there? — I. remember in parti-Haid ten minutes beyond my time. I cular seeing Holliman; knowing the - mob. have worked with him five years; there is had been at the Fiect-prison, and had a flate and they set. down what time we been making the prisoners move their go in and come out. goods out, I went there out of't u: ioflty i

Were there any clocks in Fleet-market? I flood upon the steps from rather heroic --- I looked at the dial, that made rnc run five I believe till near half a-ter, and dur-. down to the {hop, for I should have been ing the time I [laid there, 1 law the prifo-. deducted for an hour if I had {laid three ner, Holiman; he went from the Heps into, minutes longer; I left Holliman there, in the back yard, which is called the Bear, a brown coat without a hut. and flood there; he was in his working

There was with him another person, tlrefs without his hat, in a leather apron what is his name ? — Waghorne, I laid. and a dark \vig; I fluid there about half an Cross Examination,hour; then I came away and left him there,.

; Do you know that Waghorne ? — Yes, . Who was with him there ? — He came

1 lived sixteen years dole by him; he is down the flops entirely by himself. a butcher. When he was {landing the re who was

'Does he keep a house there ?-rNo, only with him ? — I do not remember, that any a Ihop, , - person was with hint there.

You have known him exceeding well

Yes. , Did you fee any body with him that

Have you seen him to day? — Yes. you knew ? — No, nobody in particular

Court. You mentioned the names of that I recoiled, the people that flood by you? — Wag- Do you know Hickcs ?--I know him by.

home and Hayes. , . fiubt.

Was Waghorne the name you ment There was nobody near him nor with tiojied Arft ? — No, Hayes and Waghorne.. him that vou knew? — -No.

Were those. the names you mentioned THO&1AS WAC-HORNE tp meat lull ?--Yes, Bayes and Waghorne. What are you ? — A master butcher ia Did not you say Wrench ? — Wrench, the Fleet market, tme Wrench. Doyou knowHoIliman ? — Perfectly well.

How is it,.Waghorne or Wrench ? — It Did you fee him on Wednesday the yth

was Waghorne. of June in the afternoon ? — I did, in the

Did not you tell me at first Hayes and lodge of the Fleet prison, where the books Wrench were there ?. — I said Waghorne are kept:. I came from my own door at and Hayes. half after -four o'clock; I have a dwelling-.

Counsel for the Crown.. Are you as sure house near the Fltet prison; I was alarm-, of that as of all the rest of your evidence ? ed when I saw the mob go in; they wanted — I am. them to delift from burning the prison;

Court. When,the question was first they said, they would if they would five afluid you, you said Hayes and Wrench was them tho books j. I turned round, I law

' Holliman,

ii

C H4 3

Holliman, he was talking with Tome of the ringleaders, bur could not difiwadc them from it; I know it was about five o'clock,

bociufo I was salt for home to tea.

Are you fore to his person and the time? — Y'.'S; his dwelling is in Flect-lanc; he jives in the rul s, he is a prisoner.

What is his gcncrtii character? — In the -neighbourhood that of a to her hard-working man; hewn* in his working, d rtfs, and without a hat, w hen I fi:w him.

C'-'fs liMV'.'tlGticK.

Did youfee any other person whom you know ? — I saw Mr. Hayes there, a neigh- ' hour who Iocs in the market, and several others, wardens and keepers, and so on.'

But no people ? — Nut that T recollect -in particular near him, except Hayes, he {poke to me. r

look at the gentlemen in brown cfoaths (Hickes? d:d you f-.e him there? — Ido not recoilccc that 1 u:u -h I law Hayes there. f Court. At the time when Hayes was upon the where was Holliman ? — I

d<» not think he was at above a yard dt two '

vjiur.nce.

Where Jo these {heps lead to ? — From the street into the Fleet, and on the left baud there is a door that leads into the lodge, where -wo were -in and out several times; if oneyocs aero Is there is about four or five yard*> rtvlbrc one comes to the (b ps.

'JOHN -K ROCK HOLES I am a gingerbread baker in Ficct-Ianc. " Do you remember seeing Hoilinlan on the ;th of Jutic ? — Yes, I faW him nt the top of Fleet-lane nt the corner of the* Old _ Bailey at about half after five o'clock: I went out from my own house, I bid them get ica ready while I was gone; .1 law him then a quarter of an hourT

How long have you known him? — Be-" tween two and tnroe years finer ho has lived there; he is a good honest imiuftnous young man; I never spoke three words- ro Kim as L know of, but i have known him-at work veiv early in the morning.

How \va> lie drtffij ? — fu a green waist-coat and a leather apron on, and he was without ah at he was converting with two

gentlemen, telling them about the fire at Newgate, and how it burnt: when I came home, I said, 41 f saw Holliman talking " with two creditable gentlemen, I wonder they should talk with him in that. 44 dress, but I suppose what he told them raised their curiosity as they came to hear and foe."

Ccurt. How long did you flay by hint there ? — About tep minutes, or a quarter of an hour.

Hfc was there all the time ?- — I left him there just after I got into my own door, the clock struck fix.

JOHN PAYNE T am a perukemaker; I have known Holliman about three years he is a very ho-nest imiuftrious man; he works very hard to maintain his family, a wife and three children'; I saw him many times that eveto-ing.

About what hour ? --*- Abdut tea-time, near five and six o'clock; I saw him at three o'clock.

He lives in that neighbourhood?- — Yes, I saw him find without a hat upon his head, up and down the lane many different times.

THOMAS SMITH

I am a carpenter: i have known Holliman between two and three years; he has done several little jobs for me; t aiways found him to be imluftriouN and looked upon him to be a very honest man.

ROBER T ‘TROTTER fivcm.

I am a baker: I have knOwn Holliman better than two years; he is to the best of my knowledge a hard working, hone ft man, and a very quiet man. '

Counsel fort!:' Crown. Mv lord, I think this Is a very fntisfactory answer; I give up the prosecution as against Holliman#

NOR TON'S

I leave my defence to my counsel.

For Norton. ROBERT CROUCH jur Do you know Norton ? — \ es.

Where docs he- live ? — In a yard in Dirty-lanc, just at the back of the kingV bench prison.

Did you fee him the morning of the day a cn

r i

on which th« King's-bench was burnt down ? — Yes, bei wt >t the hours of eleven and twelve, h: 1 poke to me then.

Court, to Thomas AloWhere did you

fee Norton ? — Coming from towards Bridewell to the Bench.

That was the only time you saw him ? — Going towards the Bench; I. did not fee him in the Bench at all.

Both, Not Guilty.

EDWARD RICHARDSON and WILLIAM COLE were indeed, for that they, together with an h undred other persons and more, did, unlawfully, riotoully and tumultuously alienable on the yth of June, to the disturbance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling-house of Benjamin Thomas, Esq. called the King's-Bench Prison, against the form of the ltaiutc, &c.

WILLIAM ROSE sworn.

Where was you on Wednesday evening the ~th of June? — In the King's-bench prison; I was a prisoner; I have been li'gmatized with going to swear twenty-three lives away.

'Court. Who by? — I have been pointed at as I walked along and called utter.

Who by ? — -1 beg not to mention it at this time, hceause the person may appear for the prisoner j I have been pointed at, and if I had been in feme places I might have been in danger of my life.

Where were you on the 7th of June ? — In a filed inlide the prison facing the parade; it is a room over a barber's filed.

Were you ther«when the mob first came in ? — Yes, I was, that was at about half after five or at six o'ciock.

Do you remember when the mob came in, seeing either of the prisoners come with them ? — I speak only to Mr. Cole, 1 on1/ saw him mixed with the mob; I called to a gentleman, " there is one I know in tilt mob I did not fee any thing of him farther than he was mixed with the mob; PART VIII.

SJ

I did not fee him come in with the mob;

I went down to speak to him; I asked him after one Mr. Cantrell whom he and I knew; I afleed h:m whether lie was dead or alive; he laid, he was alive; he only holloa'd, and moll of the prisoners hoi--loa'd, no popery.

He was a pri Toner was he ? — No.

Had he any thing in his hard ? — I do not think he had; I only saw him, and heard him holloa out, no popery.

Was that the cry that prevailed among!! the reit of the mob ? — Yes, among the mob and the prisoners in general, for we were all obliged to cry that for our own safety. '

W hat was the mob doing at the time lie huzza'd and cried out — They

were in the prison flinging ifoncs at the windows.

Did you know Riehardson ? — Yes, he was a prisoner; I hw him come down when the mob came in, he did as the reit of the mob did, he hoiloa'd, and I saw him fhakr hands with one of the mob.

What did the mub proceed to do ?-----

T hey were flinging of stones, breaking the

' 1 t) J tD

windows and bieaking the doors of the apartments wiicre the people lodge.

T he doors of the pri fori were at this time open ? — I believe lo, but I was upon the parade, I could not fee.

What time was the prison set on fire — About seven o'clock, the doors were brought out upon the parade and burnt.

How long did Riehardson flay there ? — -I believe he was gone out of the prison before the fire commenced.

Court. You saw Riehardson comedown when the mob came in ? — Yes,

He holloa'd tht fame as the reit did ? — -Yes.

If I mistake you not, you said the same as the rufl did, the mob and the prisoners/--- Yes, we were obliged to holloa then for our own fa set y.

Cross Examination.

The mob were come in before vou saw O o ' Rich-

t 1+6/ t

Richardson come down ? — The mob were ' ».

undoubted)) in upon the parade. ROBERT BARK^T was irdenmcl ieT'

that h«, tog I'v.r-with lurry o*'uer pe.-fnmJ' ELIZABETH MORSEyWff. and rao.v, diu u-il wfully,'r ot>udy, and I Wet- in the king's iE-ncfi when the turrultu uuy afLn.b e on the 7th of June, mob came in; I fnv Air. Richardlbn there, to the d.'lu; fiance of the public pence, 1 do not renumber teem 1 the o:!rer; I law and did Ikjii io demolifti and pujl clown him at about a quarter af;\r five o'clock, the dw I ;u , hou): of Benjamin Thomas, he was then upon the pat eJe. q. called, tire King's Bench Prison,

What was he doing ? — I saw him doing again!* the form of the ftntute. nothing at all, except hurraing when the JONATHAN MANN

mob was upon the parade, and lb did many Win re was you on Monday evening ©ther prisoners. when the KingN Bench Prison was dc-

Did he say any thing in your hearing ? fboyed ?-»r-A prifor.Orin the King's Bench. - — I was not near enough to observe any ‘-Vas you present when the people first thing that v.'as laid j 1 was in the room entered the King's Bench? — No, not moving the furniture I went to the w:n- when th v find came in; when 1 got to the dow to fee what the mob were doing, and coiree room door- there were about iorty or saw Richardlbn upon the parade huzzaing fifty Ha i entered I believe, with the mob as other prisoncis did. Did you observe among those that had

Had he any cockade in his hat? — -I did entered any one you knew Yes, Roll ot observe, I saw him with his.liat off, I bert Bark-es and Thomas Dodion. saw him led off by two people. Was the prrfoner an acquaintance of

What were the mob doing when you first yours ? — Y cs. saw Richardson ? — Some of them Were as he one of the first forty 01 fifty, or

breaking the lower windows with sticks. did he enter afterwards? — -iic rarnc in How long did he flay there? — 1 saw when there were about forty or fifty there, him but a few minutes upon the parade, I Did you observe what his conduct was cannot justly say how long, I was Io fright- afterwards ? — A' they came down the ieb-«ned; I cannot remember every particular by steps 1 gav:* them both a tap on the circumilaiue. ihouldem, I had a small cane in my hand,

1 a iked them where they were going to; ANDREW BORRER sworn* they bid me get cut^ or 1 jhnud b> burnt 2 was a prisoner in the King's Bench in ft amts, for they the

when it was attacked, I saw the mob come piace anvil Inf ore they came; tfiey re peated

jn; 1 saw Mr. Richardlbn there with the that twice.

rest of the prifeners; they were hurraing Who made that answrjr to you ? — Boh together 5 i saw Mr. Richardson walk from of them.

the parade up to the wall, and I never saw What did the persons who had entered, him after that; he was talking with some the mob, proc ed to tlo when they got into of the prisoners and people that were there. the prison r--- The mob ran down the v?.-Had he any thing particular in his dress ? cant ground where the buildings were, and - — Nothing but a cockade, and so had rhoft they ran into one room after another, but, of the prisoners. the two prisoners went down by then fri vis;

_ ‘ they went into several flair cases, hue waaC

CcunJ'elfor the Crown. 1 don't believe we they did 1 Cannot say, for 1 did not follow* have any witnesses that can carry the proof them up flairs to fee.

farther against either of the prisoners.' How were the rest of the mob employed

.. at this time? — In breaking the windows.

Both, Not Guilty. knocking out the fifth frames, and the doer

jams

r *47 3

jams down In the appartments up the different stair call, s'and rooms.

Do you renumber seeing the prisoner afterwards ? — Yes, I saw him /I vend lim.s afterwar is; I kept within tin ortv.muy feet of him most of the time; after i;i y caine out of the {fair cases they went to No. 5; there was a passage tiny broke through, because it was a long way round " to the hack building; - there is a window at No. 5 to light the people; the hull was taken down and part or the wail; both of them went up to the kitchen together.

Court. Confine yourself to the man who is in custody, and name his name ? — Air. Batkes went into the kitchen with Mr. Dodd n, they went up to the luv place, the-'e was a little bit of tire in the corner of the kitchen ranirc, about as much as a half peek measure might hold, and there was a tea Kettle on it boiling; Dodlon took, off the ven kettle, he put it down in a hurry, and said, it was damn' hot, and rubbed his hand upon his breeches; Bailees had a candle in his hand.

Where did he get It ? — He took It out

O

of his pocket; he nut it over the bars and lighted ir, then held it in his hand, and the candle was a little above his hand; he laid his finger over it in this manner, (dc-fcri'oing it) he went into the Hair-case, No. lo, and I saw no more of him.

How long was it after you saw him go into No. i o before the prison was in flames? — This that 1 saw was from about five) minutes till mny-bc twenty minutes before six; I cannot be positive to the exaift time.

How far had the mob proceeded in the destruction of the prison before you went away ? — Aloft of the windows were knocked out in the old wing, there was hut little of the new wing meddled with when 1 came away.

Were any doors damaged ? — A great many were knocked out and thrown into the Parade.

They were not burnt while you staid ? — I law no more while I statd.

Crcjs V.:- ran'r>ut 1 'fit.

Y u say you know Air. Burkes? — Yes.

I believe there is a little u.bt du. from vou to him ? — i b. !:eve tin re is foundling, but 1 cam.or tell what, my assignees have got the bo^-ks lo i do not know went it is.

Tli!1: was on the yth of June ? — A cs.

When was he taken up r — The 22d or 23d.

H > was committed I fee on the 30th ?--- He was taken up a week be tore tint.

Ik fore no was committed ? — -Yes.

That v is after the proclamation came Out ? — That made no odds to me, I did it without fee or n ward.

Y'ou knew him very well before ? — I d 1 d so.

How camq you not to take him up before ? — I kiivW he was at the other end of the town.

Mr. DoJfon is your brother-in- law I believe, and supports your chiidrui ? — A!y brother-in-law suppo ts my children with my money.

There was no information laid again# him ? — No, nor lijould t.jt if I h.-.d not been taken up myself; I was m a public house with two or three men at Cii ring-Crols; I mentioned what I had seen as I have mentioned to the Court; they infilled upon my making information of what I knew; tw'O of them took me by the collar

I said I would go quietly, a id do it without any force.

Court.Repeat that again ? — I was going by Charing-Crols that evening, which was the 22d or 23d of June, between four ‘ and five o'clock; 1 was going over to Mr, Hall to leave the place of abode 1 was at;

I lit of two or three persons ihat i kntw by fight, but they were no particular acquaintance; they would have me go in and have part of a pot of ale; J Naan telling them of this, they took me be ;he collar j two of them th-.t fat by inf d upon my going before a justice of p ncc, and idling wh u I heard, or cite, they said, they should look upon me to be culpable as well as they. Before we went out of the hot: ie,

I said

V

[ 14* J

I f:.:d, of they would let me go I would go wuhoui bcinj- collared, or ar.y thing of tiir.r kind. f

Mr. Barkes went into the kitchen you said, was any per ions in the kitchen be-iides you ? — The kitchen was full of prisoners and rioters.

Were the per lions that belonged to the kitchen there ? — 1 cannot teil whether he or his Wiie were there at that time.

But you are certain Mr. Barkes lit the fire, and the candle ? — Yes, and the candle would not light till the tallow dropt and made a flan it.

And you remember the taking off the

kettle r — -Yes.

And that it was lo hot it burnt him ? — He let it down and laid, vas damned hot.

But whether the Cook or his wife were there or not, you cannot tell ? — No, I know the place was full of prisoners and rioters.

Do you recollect tire hour when they went down into the kitchen 1 look upon it to be half after five o'clock.

You was a long while there? — I was a prisoner between six and seven months.

You was a lung while there during the time these rioters were there ? — 1 look upon it I left the place a quarter before fix, or twenty minutes.

That is aimoit an hour ? — 1 was there pretty near an hour I reckon.

Do you recoiiedt in going home your meeting with Mr. King ? — 1 met him just by the turnpike at Lambeth' Marsh upon the Terrace.

Do you remember meeting Mr. Walton too ? — 1 do not, I remember meeting Mr. King, there was another person with him; I told him to make halle, or he would loose all his furniture, for it would he in flames before he got there; he set oft running as hard as he could.

When you met with King had you any thing in your hand ? — I had the fame cane in my hand that I gave them a tap over the shoulder with.

Any thing eife ? — No.

Not a bludgeon, or wheel spoke, or any thing of that k*nd r — -No.

3

Do you recoiled! telling King that yotf. was the fn ft man who went out of the prison ? — I cannot say 1 do; I told him to> maxc halle or he w'ould lose all his furniture, it would be in flames before he got there.

You do not recoiled! telling King that you was the jir/} who went cut of , and'

that you went out the mod.:nt the mob came in s' — No, 1 did net, I ne-cer said urn: thing to any person, let who witl jo; I

ne-ier said it.

You had at this time a blue cockade in your hat ? — I had not; 1 can bring many prisoners to prove I had not, for 1 had not money to buy one, or die I should have had one; i took beds down, I l'uppole till three o'clock, for different persons in the prison.

Counsel for the Crtien. Mr. Thomas is the keeper of the King's-bench prison ? — Yes, Benjamin Thomas was the keeper of the King's-bench prison, and Mr. Al*x n W'as the turnkey.

Court. You said you saw Barkes ?nd Dotifon come in with the hill of them About forty or fifty.

And as they came down the steps you gave them a tap on the shoulder r — -B uth of them.

Which spoke to you? — They both spoke.

Both spoke at once ? — One after the otht-r.

What was it one of them said ?- — Bid me get out or else I should be burnt in the flames, for they intended burning the place down before they came out; they both said the fame thing twice o\er; I had a hole under the arm of my coat, one putin his finger or thumb and tore it near to the button and to the back.

Did they stay long with you? — Not above a minute by me, I followed them.

What did you underhand by their saying the y intended to burn the place down, recoiled! what their words were ? — They said, we intend to burn the place down.

I desired you at first to repeat the cxadl Words? — We intend to burn the place down.

You say their words were, wt intend to

dcjlrcyg

—— by-

t r49 J

?r;y. am I to unGcifhind voii lb? —

Y.s." '

Had they either of them flicks in their hands ?< — They had nothing in their hands that 1 saw'; there were lever a! other people with them that 1 knew by fight, but I did not take any notice of any hut thde two.

Did‘they come in in a hurry r — They came in quick, till i. hit them on the shoul-der with my little cane Which had a crooked head.

Did they pass on quick-y then ? — No, they flopped and fpokc to n.c, and asked me where I was going; I asked them if they would give me something to drink for I Was dry; I told them I had been taking dow n bedllcads; they said, they had no money.

What did you mean by getting something to driisk ? — To go into the coffee-room and get something to drink*

You meant to ask them for money ? — No, to have gone into the corf'ee-ruom witfi me.

Then you meant they should pay for Vhe drink? — It did not make much odds whether they had paid for it or 1.

You said you had no money ? — Yes i bad six-pence.

W hat expression did you make life of?

- — IP ill youi give me jortu thing to wer:* the words.

Did not vou mean that they should p-,y for it ?* — Either they of me should pay for it.

' You had no money ? — I had Jix-pettce.

* Then if you paid for it how should they give you any thing ? — That was what I laid.

Did the mob do any thing in the tap-room or coffee-room ? — They never went into the coffee-room or tap till they had been down ii'to thr prison.

Did they let the liquor afloat ? — I don't know* I did not go into the tap-room.

So you went away without having any thins to drink r — I did.

How long was you a prisoner in the Kin g's-bem h ? — Six or feveit months* Part VIII*

NICHOLAS MOON scorn.

I am turnkey of the Kimr's-bench prison.

Who has the management and disc.cl.on of the prison ?--Mr. Thomas the Marshal.,

Does any of Mr. Thomas's lervan:> l:ve in the prison ? — Yes.

Does Mr. Thomas receive any thing from the prisoners for the apartments they live inr — I believe he docs.

Pe'jrur s Defeat:.

I went to Mr. Hamilton's at the Swan;

I have kept an house some years; Mr, Hamilton keeps a public house; he want-, ed feme brandy and rum; he find, if t would take a walk with him and Mr. Dodson he would treat us w.tjj alh.liingf-wrorth; we called in ]ilconw?.urv-square; Lord Mansfield's house was ail down; they said, suppose we take a walk into rhalving's-bench prison to fee Mr. Mann, and Air. Hamilton laid to his brother,* look here, he put his hand and laid iris coat is torn up under the arm; Mr* Mann hit me with Ins c ane; they laughed at him; he said, " have you any for me?" we went upon the parade;' i saw people taking out their goods, there were Air. and Mis. Danby; we came down the ttips, we met Mr. Simplon with a side-board of mahogany; tlicy took it for her to* the lobby door to Mr. Simplon; I vent in no more j I went to she Mocn-Rak rs. and never went from thence out of the company of Mr. Petty till between eieveft' and twelve at night, and then 1 went up: to Port and-square, where I live.

For the Pr

JOHN SMITH M LG GOT fivtrn. What are you ? — I was a timber merchant, but am not ib at present.

Do you know Mann, who has been examined ? — Very well.

What is h>s general character ? — An exceeding bad one; he is a very (huffing, lying fellow, that is his general character.

Is he in your opinion a man who ought

P p - i*

.[ 'So ]

to be credited upon his oath r — -By no means in the world.

C.u t.Do you take him to be a man that ought not to be believed upon his oath ? — By no means in the world.

Counsel for the CrcvjDo you owe him

any thing ? — No, he owes me a great deal.

You don't owe his estate any thing ? — No j I believe every body that has had dealings with him will say the fame of him as I do, that they have found him to be a flmfning lying fcilnw.

What is the prisoner's character? — Aa ex'.rcrre good one; I came acquainted with the prisoner through Mann, he is a builder at Mary-le-bone, and the prisoner a malon. ABRAHAM ADAMS sworn.

I know Maun perfectly well.

What is his general character in the world? — That of a very bad one; one cannot believe one word he iavs; I would only with to have the par fen's tythe out of his words.

Is he a- man who ought to be believed upon hrs oath r--- Here is a man in Court will prove him perjured under his commission of bankrupt — he is a fwindler.

- ' KING

I formerly kept the Red Lion at Lambeth Marth, now I am a prisoner in the JCing's-Bcr.th.

You know Mann, what is his character? - — I know vety little of him.

Did you meet him on the 7th June -. Yes, on this side the Red Lion, where I formerly lived ' ,

Had he any thing in his hat ? — A blue cockade and a bludgeon, a of a wheel

in his hand.

What did he say to you ?--- He laid to me. No Popery, liberty for ever.

Did he tell you how long he had staid in the King's-Bench ? — He said, he one of the first who came out of the

W as any body present at that time ?--- A gentleman that came out of the country, his name is Cooper, he is in Worcdtershire now; 1 had a day- rule that day.

EDWARD WALTON

I am a carpenter.

Do you knovy Mann ? — Extremely well.

Did you meet him the day the King's-Bench prison was on fire? — No, on the Saturday after the IvingVBench was burnt down: I asked him in what manner it was burnt down, wanting to know the particulars; he said, he did not flop any time in the Bench)for he was toe person

came out of the Bench: there is another gentleman here who was with me at the time.

What is Mr. Mann's character? — A very bad one in general; I have known him for a long lime, I never knew any good of him.

THOMAS DUNSTON sworn.

Do you know the prisoner r Yes, I have known him some years.

Was you with him the evening the King's-Bench prison was set on fire?- — -Yes, ut the Moon Rakers, which is at the back of New Bridewell at live o'clock before the Bridewell was set on {ire.

Did they come to Bridewell before they went to the King's-bench ? — Yes.

How long did you stay there f — Till half after ten o'clock; we smoaked our pipes, had three pots of beer, two papas of tobacco, and a glass of gin a piece.

Who was in your company ? — Mr. Petty, Mi5. Petty, Mr. HatiiclJ, and my wife.

Did you go to the King's-bench with him? — Not at all, he was never out of inv company from live till a quarter after ten or half after ten o'clock.

Counsel for the Crown. How came you to take notice of the precise hour of live ? — It was; as near as I could recollect jt, not a quartet of an hour under or over.

--PETTY sworn.

I was at the Moon-Rakers; they said, that the mob was coming; I went up into my garret and saw them coming across the Fields; I took my two children down, one is six years old the other is younger; I live next door to the Moon Rakers.

What was it o'clock then ? — A watchmaker lodges in the garret, I said the mob had not been long after the time they had said they would be there $ they had said

they

iqitizftd

r is* j

they would be there at four o'clock, it was five by a watch that was going, ] made that observation to the young man; T went dov.yi to my door with the two children; Mr. Barkes fat at the Moon-rakers door.

WILLIAM PETTY

You are the husband of the last witness? — Yes,

Do you rccolLcl the time you saw Mr. Bnrkes at the Moon-Rakers ? — The hrft of my seeing him was about half pall; six; I dia not leave work till part six; I continued with him about an hour till I heard Moon's place was likely to be set on fire; then I went to aiTill a, person that lives in the fame house Moon lodges in, to get his goods out.

--HATFIELD

Do you know Mann ? — 1 have known him fourceen or fifteen years.

What is his character? — A very bad one, I would not believe any thing he frv.it to be truth, units I it to be Jo be-

fore.

Not Guilty.

( Jonathan Mann uas committed by the court

for wilful and corrupt perjuand the Attorney General undertook him at

the expence of the Crown

The prisoner was charged upon an indictment for letting fire to the dwelling-hoefr of Benjamin Thomas.

(7 heCounfel for the Crown would call any witnejps.)

' Not Guilty.

JOHN GADSBY was indi&oi, for that he together with forty other persons and more, did unlawfully, notously, and tumultuously assemble, on the 8th of June, to the disturbance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling-house of Thomas Connolly, against the form of the ft tute, See. WILLIAM BELLE I live in Tooley-lhoct, opposite the house of Thomas Connolly j the mob came

to ConnoIly's house soon after eleven o'clock > in the forenoon on the 8th of June; they began knocking the windows out, pulling down the house, and dellroying the furniture; they took it away in a cart, and knocked the front of the house down.

Did you fee the prisoner there? — I did not fee him till most of the front of the house was destroyed, then I saw him in, the ltrect; he was beating the goods that were already broke almost to pieces; I nb-ferwd him have an iron grate upon hi* back, which he got from the ruins of Con-noliv's house.

What was he going to do with it ? —

I don't know.

Did you fee any thing more of him ? — No. '

When you f.r.v him thus employed where was the reil of the mob r — They were all employed in doing something or other before he came, and after he was gone, I cid

not fee him in the house, nor do any thing J y o

to the house.

Court. When was the prisoner fir'd taken up r — 1 was informed lafi: Friday jYnnjght that he was apprehended.

How came you not to mention what you had laid before that time ? — I did say that I saw the man there, I did nor know what became of him after, but {. was font for before the Rotation, and when I was sent for I came.

MARY BOACK fuonu

I live near to Air. Connolly's.

Was you at home when the mob came to Mr. Connolly's ? — Not when they first: came; I came home presently after.

What were the m >b doing then ? — Pulling down and destroying Mr. Connolly's house; a great deal of it was down;

I saw the prisoner upon the ruins of Mr. Connolly's house; he had a flick in his hand, with which he was beating the furniture.

How Png did you fee him there ? — Not

a gr- at while.

Court. Did you fx him go away did not.

Did

I-«$* 3

Did you observe him do any th'-ng c'.L ? WILLIAM LEE fucr*,

--Nothing el(o, I v<vn; :iway and Lit h:m I have known the prifn five or

there; I law no more of him. years; 1 saw him on the Sth of June be-

Prijlner.I was not breaking o-destroy- tween three and four o'clock upon the ruing, 1 had never a stick in my hand. , ins where the hre had been; 1 iaw othing ' of Connolly's" house being pulled uowiv,

ELIZABETH MUNDY fwovn. nor none of the riotous mob.

When Mr. Connollys h iufe was de- Whether any of the mob were there at

stroying I was at my own door, which is the time you law the prisoner > None

at the back of Mr. Connolly's house, just in particular that I took observation oc. by the Gaol, it may be a matter of forty Were there none about at the time von yards from the back, part of Connolly's saw him ? — '1'here might he people gap:.rgv house. ' about in the neighbourhood; I saw the prt-

Did you know the prisoner before r — 1 (oner take up a grate on hi? (boulder a have known him son.e years; I saw him person that stood on the left side of him coming back with a bolder Upon a ilick, took hold of him and made him carry it upon his back; through a paiiage that leads back, he did so, and threw it down, on the from Connolly's house backwards to our ruins by the fire.

place; he took the bolder and laid it upon The house was ?.R pulled- dowh

the pavement, then he beat the boiiler with at this time ? — T he house was down be-his stick; I observed a hole in the bolster, fyre I came to town from Vauxhalk he took the bolster upon the flick, and car- Prisoner's Defence.

ried it away through the gateway, and I 1 was among the ruins., a parcel of peo-iavv no more of him. pic were there , one laid they would have

Was the house destroyed at this time ? — . the property of Mr. Connolly I laid they I don't know, for my <*>wn place was just should not) I took up a grate, 1 said I by the Gaol, I expected it would heron- would take it home to the owner , as I fumed every moment. To took very little was coming facing Connolly's house the account of them. mob took the grate ott my hack, and a\-

yhvry. Do yo know how he came by . most broke my neck, 1 j,nok it in oraer to this bolster, or to whom it belonged ? — I preserveit for Mr* Connolly, do not. ' "Not Guilty.

TUESDAY, th© 18th July. The J

John Prior, of Moriin^', M.lifter.

George Dewdncy, of ^Miller.

Will Tarn Thiikie, IsGentleman,

John Worsfold, ol r/, Yeoman.

James* Stedman, of CV^'Y, \ coir an. Thomas id lchamber, of (Aitjione, Yeomun.

WILLIAM SMITH was indicted, for that he, together with forty ©thev persons and more, did, unuwiuftyi

U R Y.

John Miles^ of CY'yTrtj Yeoman.

Thomas Farky, of CYcm*.an.

William Dvrn , of EghShopkeeper,

Richard Role, of D'ikhYeoman.

Richard lkrll, of Betchwirth* Qenttenv-im John Puplojt, of Croyd, Yeoman.

riotously, and tumv.ituo jfty assembV. ou the "th of j vine, to the disturban* c of the puVv-lie peace, and did begin to demelilU

' r *53 ]

pull clown the dwelling-house of Matthew Cafcy, strain ft the form of the statute.

THOMAS MOORE sworn.

I am a corn-chandler, and live at No. 8S, in Toolcy-street.

Do }ou know the prisoner ? — I have

feon him two or three years ago; I know hi> per (bn, but was not acquainted with him.

Do you remember seeing him at any time on the 7th of June la ft ? — Yes, hearing a noiie, I went from my own house on the Wednesday night out of curiosity to fee what they were about; it was then about a quarter after eight o'clock; I went into Bermondsey-street; I law a great many people with different things, two or three had ragged flags; i went in amongst them; I saw one man with a drawn sword in his hand; there was a flag hung out at a wool-(tapter'* or some such occupation on the left hand tide.

What colour was the flag-: — I cannot exadfly remember; I should Know it if I was to fee it again, it was something like an English ensign, a fag or white Jiripcd with red; I had fevn l'everal such fort, it may be blue perhaps.

Don't you remember what colour k was ? — I cannot be particular; I remember it was a long strip; some of the rabble wanted the flag down; the ring-leaucr or captain who had the drawn sword, and who is the prisoner at the bar, deiired the -two little boys peaceably to give it down.

Who were these little boys, did they belong to the house ? — I do not know, the boys were in the room; he desired them to hand it down; the flag was on the first or second story of the ware-house; the boys with some reluctance handed the flag down, and then one of the rabble took it and carried it along amongst the others.

Do you remember how the captain, as you cali him, was then d re (led ? — He had a grey or a blue-grey, coat, rather bluer than mine, with a scarlet or plulh coloured cape, but there was one arm a little ra-g d; it was a red cape I think, I know Vart VIII.

it was not a cap? of the fame colour as the

coat.

How near was you to him when the flag was demanded ? — Very near, within two or three people perhaps; from thence they proceeded to the sign of the fhtp in Long-lane (Welsh's) some of the rabble said that house was pointed out to be defrayed; the landlord came to them and told them he would give them a barrel of beer, or even a butt of beer, if they would desist from pulling down his house, for he was no Catholic; there were a great many words passed' amongst them, one for and another a-gaiaft; but however, they went away.

Was the prisoner there I — Yes.

How did he appear there ?--The fame as in other places; I saw him go into no house with any harm, only the fame a3 the other people.

Had he a drawn sword in his hand -He had.

Did you hear any body spealc to him at the ffiip ? — I am not very particular in my memory.

Then you neither heard him nor saw him do any thing the re ? — Not that I can recollect; the house was not then setroyed; the mob went away from thence; I cannot certainly tell which way, but I heard, several say, lets go to , ahoy

East-hmc, ahoy I the Rotnish Chapel next; come along, fays another, let's go to East-lane, let's go to East-lane.

You did not hear ary thing said by the -prisoner? — Nothing that I know of; I flopped but two or three minutes; I then went down to East-lane; when I came there, I saw the goods throwing out of the chapel or a place that was called the chapel or the dwelling-house; I saw tho furniture and wainfcoting, the doors, benches and other things thrown out at the window; there was a house adjoining to it on the river-side of it, inhabited one Mrs. Curry, I saw a good many people there, and heard they wanted ro pull that house down; I went in, thinking I might be an instrument of saving it; I . q told

YjM several of the rabble how bod k was to hurt or injure individuals, and feveod tunes desired them to defirt; some of them were wry bad, licentious, Crazy men; they font for the captain; then the prisoner came in from almost of polite the house, as the captain; when he came, 1 don't know whether they were then swearing or had done (wearing the woman and the maid upon a common prayer book of the church of Englarid; several said, and I amongst the relb, that they were not Roman Catholicks, that all were protestants there; after several altercations, a "woman I particularly noted, came in and Said-, with a deal of anger, that were 1 Reman CatJ/r.licks, and that the muji

end ought to come down as weil as Use rejt;

file said, Jhe had been their servant some years, and Jhe knew they were Roman * Luis; I (hovtd her out once or twice, perhaps twice-.

What did the pHfonef say or do ? — It 'Was reported by a gentleman there at the lame time, that they were not Roman Catholicks* and fbtae words passed; the prisoner said, he -did not believe tiny were Roman Catholicks, that is was a pity to de-

JLroy the housefeveral voices desired the prisoner to draw off his menhe endea-< voured all he could tti get them Out of the house.

Do you tccollect what he said to induce them to go out of the house ? — Not the words exactly.

Repeat any of the words stt (rear as you Can recollect f — I think -as nearly as my memory will serve me, that he said to Mrs. Carry-. — - »hut I won't attempt to recollect the words, as I have not an accurate recollection of them, for fear i should err; 1 find my memory this morning a good deal over loaded. Then i law the pnioner walk up towards a place where they were going to make a frre, and where afterwards they did make a fire of the goods* wainfeoting and things which were brought up from opposite the windows of* the Roinan-Catholick chapel to th?.t place, which is at the top of Ealt-ian?, 'rarhtr inclining to the right.

Where ha-1 th'fe cood? and wamfko.ing been thrown from ? — Out of the first floor of the Roman chapel, the M:.»,i>-l'"uie, the priefi's house: some of the rabble observrng that the prisoner had nothing upon his sword, said, that he ou*jht to fiou-rifn his sword or give some dcmonilratiort of joy; a little bov then tied a piece of ribband upon the sword, I believe it was blue; it began then to be duilc, therefore I can't he certain to the colour; he tied ir on within six or seven inches of the point; whether the prisoner or feme of the rabble put a niece of paper upon that afterwards I cannot tell, but there was a quarter of a sheet afterwards upon the point of the sword.-

Was it put over the ribband to hide it? — No, the ribband displayed itself tmder that; it was a piece of paper with writing on it, and the sword was fiiuck into it as one would stick a prece of meat;

I taw the prisoner fiouriih the fworu al-mofl upright With this ribband and paper upotr it; they gave three huzzas* and cried out, no popery; there were a vail number of voices indeed, I did the fame among the rfeft, but it was through tear that 1 did it.

Who wefe you desired to do it by ? — -By fev.eral of them; I was called a Roman Catholic, a Roman Ce because I did not cry out so once before after they gave three bugzas, and the fire began to bum brilkly.

Was the fire lit before this or after ? — The fire was alight at the same time and burning brilkly; fame of the rabble fa>d. Let on go to the Bend, Jo the Bench, there it

the Bench on she, there is fotnrthing mart tapitui to he -done there; I went home a:id law very little more.

You say you went to Mr, Weich's house, the fijn of the Ship- where yotf. saw the-prisoner with a drawn sword ? — Opposite the house.

- Do you know what became of hurt

from that house or where he went ? ----- 1

law no more of him from that house till the time that I got down to Eaflf-laite, r or 3 1 don't

f don't even now know which way they went.

When you Came down to East lane where did you observe the prisoner Handing ? — Near me, opposite the Rornish Chape], or more properly opposite the next house, Mrs. Curry's.

Had he any thing then in his hand ? — Yes, the fame drawn rusty sword.

Did you observe where he was while the knob were throwing out the things and doing the mischief you have Hated ? — ..-Yes, he continued in that fixation opposite Mrs. Curry's; he might move about a few > yards.

At the time the mob were there ? — Yes.

Cross Examination.

I understand you say you found your memory this morning a good deal over loaded ? — Yes, it was so over loaded that I did not choose to rehearse what I was not quite clear in.

How far is it from your house to Casey's house ? — The nearest way, it is very near & mile.

What time was it when you left your own house It Was a quarter or half after eight o'clock.

What number do you suppose might be collected together when you first saw the mob ? — -There flight be forty or fifty, or an hundred or thereabouts; 1 suppose they Were not all levellers, not all rabble.

But fomefpe&ators among them ?--Un-doubtedly.

How near did you get up to the Captain you have beta talking of? — Very near him, I asked who he was, - is this the Captain ? even he himself told me he was the Captain.

You had never seen him before I had hut only, slightly to remember him; I enquired very particularly into the case at the time.

And your.memory may be fight now. — a No, my.memory-is very perfect;- what I

am not perfect in J would not ft retch it beyond..: .

Beyond what What my.capacity yriH byar._

ns ]

How are you enabled to know him again ? — 1 fee a deal of difference in the man, if I had not observed him particularly 1 fnouhl not have known him now: there is a deal of difference in mankind, and I never law a much greater than in this man now.

What do you mean There is a deal bf difference when a man is cleanly and Well drelled, and when dirty.

Do you mean to say that he is not like the man that you then saw ? — He certainly is the man, but there is a difference in the appearance, in the drefi. and so on.

Then if I understand you rightly, you had but a very imperfect knowledge of him whtfi yoii firit saw him ? — Yes, when 1 first saw him in Barnaby-street, but i had a more perfect knowledge of him towards the last when I saw hirti and talked with him.

Now you come to look at Mr. Smith* you say there is a great difference between the man you saw and him ? — The man now artd the man then.

What induces yotfeto swearfo roundly to the prisoner ? — I am upon my oath and I am positive he is the man, but if one had had a fit of sickness it would make an alteration in the countenance.

What coloured coat had he on ? — A fort ofbluifh grey* rather darker than this I have on*

What induced you to take such particular notice of clothes ? — Because he was a particular man I observed hitri more atten* tively, his shoes were dully*

You spoke of a little hole.-^-No.

Not in his coat? — -Yes, I thought you meant I had been peeping through a little hole.

I underdartd that in this great mob you took such particular view of this n an thet you could lweap to a little hole in his co *c ? — I believe 1 could. k

You don't (Weal- it now ? — Though I do not fvverr it no

Did you observe the prisoner very active in'this mob ?--- Yes, as a ring-1, ader, on- -courage^ or abeuor j J faw1 him do no

miithie£

r 156 ]

mischief with his own hands, that is not to pull down, burn or destroy.

What did you fee him do? — Flourish the sword over the rabble's heads several time;, and when he wanted them to go on, he saidfollow wr, I your leader.

Was not you much coniufed yourself ? — Not much.

Did you make it your business to flick clofc to the ring-leader? — 1 was feme-times at one place, sometimes at another.

1 urulerfiand that this captain, ycru have been talking of, so far from doing any mischief when he came to Curry's h'.use, he wanted to draw the mob off? — He did.

Do not you think he was a useful man in the mob ? — At Curry's house he was, and 1 look upon him in that light to this moment.

1 understand, he at various times took a deal of pains to draw the mob off from doinir mifehiefi — At Curry's house he ' did."

You are a corn-factor, are you not ? — A retail corn-chandler or wholesale; I fell hay and straw or what not; I am not properly a corn-chandler.

How long is it since you left Shooter's H il ? — I Jut Nunn's at Shooter's Hill in v the year 1770. ‘

I believe you were a bankrupt at the same time that the prisoner failed ?- — I never 'was a bankrupt in my life, nor never paid less then twenty shillings in the pound to any man in my life, and hope I never shall.

' LAWRENCE WELCH

I keep, the Ship, a public house in Long-lane, in the Borough of Southwark.

as you visited at your house by the mob ?--- Yes, they came first: in the even-

ing of the 7th of June.

Do you recollect the prisoner? — Yes, he was dleff.d in a different apparel.

Is the prisoner the man ? — To thebeft of my knowledge it is the prisoner 5 I believe really he was at my house.

You believe that to be the man?- Yes, he appears to, me to be the fame man.

What fort of a coat had he on then ? — A blue coat.

Had he any thing in his hand ? — A fwA-'d, and a paper in his hand, and he said, he had an information that I was a Roman Catholic.

Was the mob with him ? — Yes, several of the people j I told him the information was wrong; several people came in doors and went up flairs; there were a Bible and Cominon.Prayer Book upon the table; those people came down and told them that the information was wrong j the mob came out at the door to him again,'he was standing out at the door, when they told him the information wa

j

wrong; he said to me, do not blame us, it was your neighbours who sent us; ~ Npon that they went away, and said, they go to East-lane; whether they diJ or not I cannot tell.

Did he go a way with them r — Yes, he went with the mob from my house.

Have you any the least doubt of the prisoner's being the man ? — To the best of my knowledge, he is the man; if he had the fame apparel on now I should be more punctual, but I will not be so pOit-tive; but I Verily believe him to be the man that came up to me with a sword.

Court. Did the mob leave your house in a body or draw off separately ? — They went off in a body.

Where was the prisoner? — Standing out of doors when the ifiob went off; he went along with them.

In what manner was he mixed with the mob ? — I really did not take any particular notice, but I believe he was mixed with the mob; I was glad they went off in such a peaceable manner

Cross Examination.

What hour did the mob come to your

house ?--- Between seven and eight or

thereabouts, I will not be positive to a few minutes. —

J sup-

r *57;

I Tunpose when they told you they had

ir. formation that you was a tT.nolle and they would p:tll your house down, you vas a good de;.! alarmed i — Certain1','.

Yen arc not positive js t.o the prisoner, seeing him in this apparel ?---! air. not so positive, but I really believe him to be the man.

Then it was only hv his coat that you knew him? — liv his features ami his ciraths; hot being acquainted with'him before, I should be furry to say any thing but the truth, but really I believe him to be the man.

Court.Did you ever fee the man that was with the drawn sword and Hue coat afterwards in the fame coat r — Yes, when he was examined before the justices I saw him; I then thought it was the fame man that had the blue coat, or he had on the fame coat, that was the clay he was committed, which*;was I think the 9th of June. *

You law him before the justice in the fame blue coat r — Yes, r.nd ids" arms pinioned.

The prisoner is certainly I fiippose the feme man: you saw in the blue coar be-foR* the justicos ? — Yes, and I then believed bun :o be the fame man that was at my house.; ‘ '

Have you any doubt it ?' — -Not in

the leair, the man did not do me the lcultr injury in the world. '

JOHN HOLMES,

I am a tanner.

Do you know Mr. Welsh's house in Lon^-lane ? — Yes, I was there when the

mob canQtv

Did you observe any person in particular! ?--- That* gentleman at the bar, 1 saw there; he had a naked sword in his hand, and a ribband tied to it, it was blue to the befit of my knowledge.

What fort of a coat had he on ? — A blue one, to the best of my knowledge; I saw him do nothing but parade about with a sword in his hand before this door, the rcll of the mob went into the house; they came out again and said to the man witU* Part VIII.

the drat'/:)' sword, we an wring

he made amVer, they may thank their neighbours for it; now, lays he, «v go ojf'

fur Eaf-lar.c; they went olf, the man

with tnc sword went before thorn.

Did you observe what he did with the sword when he went before them ? — I did not. - ‘

Had you' any opportunity of taking notice of his person I — We left work at k- /

veil o'clock; 1 flood at the door of the* T

public home; it was an house we life; it is within five yards of Welsh's doer:

Ilow near was the man with the drawn sword to the door r — It might be two or three yards.from th. door, he was within jive yards of where I flood.

L'o yen or do you not bel'evc the prisoner to be the man ? — I will not be po~ fitive -r I never saw the man before; i desire to speak nothing but the truth.

I don't ask you whether ,you arc post~ r.'ir,what do you lav as to your belief?

---1 believe him to be the person.

Did you fee hnn afterwards ? — -Not till I saw him in the prison ydlerday.

Was'you before the justice ? — I wn^ not.

Crf Examination»

You arc not at all pofitiv? to the person of the prisoner? — f an? not.

You- only believe it ? — Yes, that i* all, and I did not lee Him do any du-r mage. . *

Don't you believe also that it is very. polTible for you to be mistakeh. as 10 the identity ? — t believe I may.

DOROTHY GUNSTON sworn.

I live with Mr. Casey: his house was pulled down; the inside and the outside . walls, b..ckwaixh and forwards, were pti!-., led down; the wood-work was much, broke ard pulled down; the partitions^ . flairs and bannisters, were all pulled down* and some of the floors. . '

When was this mischief done '--- On Wedrsefuay,. the 7th of June, as i was informed. I was not at home at the time

1 did not come home Ydi the Tuvfc'ay; I Rrvj; vrtr«v-

t i$3

vent and left the house, on the Monday

T ie re. '

Whs ary other house, in East-lanc, attached ? — Yes', Captain French's.

fs Cafoy's the house where, it is report'd, th‘vc is a P<vnish chapel ? — -Yes.

P R IS ON F i\ '$

- My Lord, I am innocent of every thing

that is dated; I leave it to iny coonfel to 'call my v/itnedes.

Fir the P

JOHN WILSON HEARNE/wm;

tV hat arc you ? — An of Hcer belonging to this Borough; I am a condable for S,t. ONveV parish.

'* Was you at all acquainted with Mr* Smith the prisoner, before the yth of June?

— I have fecn him before, but not to be intimately acquainted with him*

Did you know his pcifon ? — Yes, I did. -1'

Do Vou remember seeing him any tirm; in the mon-rh of June?- — No, 1 don't re* member to have fecn him at all in the mon h of June.

Was you in the King's-bench prifoil ar.y time in the month of June r--- No, I was not. On thqgTucfday morning, about ten o'clock, I Went out from my pv.il hopse, on purpose to fee who were the hr It m these mobs; I went to Wdlmihflef;t observed a par f: of the mob, after riicy had been there feme time, went into t!iei Bird-cage Walk; the guards (topped them there, ‘ and would not let them go any, fanliT; they" Went hack to I.ckgVr; Fields, and pave three cheers at Sir George Savile s; XU-.n they; wuit/ to Ru fTelrdfcet, 13 loom flurry, to a gentleman's who 'always, gives fornething to every recruiting party that pafles brs; house; then they w.-nt down, to Newgate, the Captain went up i<* the door at Newgate, they did nt» hind of hurt;' Vom t hence- they w< nf down to Bethnal Greta lieids; there, the'.Captain uuie.;..ouied fa ilraw off the mob i;i what ij'.ey r ail, six deep, for the purpose of ni trolling in die form of Joldiuij buiiiny YA uId iivt be

ruled by him in that way. I left them at the comer of b enchurch-direct; I taw no m more of them that day. On Wcdnc-LLy, the 7th, I joined thy mob af{ain in Foot, y Street, as near as I con reemket, at about one or two o'clock, in the after-roan.

Ido you remember set ing, in that mob, any conspicuous person ? — Tn».re was a man, ^r.lf d in a raven rrrev fuitci clothes, coat, v/aiflcoat and breeches the fame* who had a drawn# (word in his hand; rher blade was rusty, and the handle black, for 1 had it in my hand myself ;-the mob went down Barnnby -street to Lawrence W clch's, in Long-lane; when. they came to Lawrence Welsh's house,i 1 laid to the Captain, " for God's fake, do no mi (chief here; Welsh is a good-natured man, and will give you any kind of drink y u may require; although, bt ing an iriihman, he may be a.Roman CftthoJiclo.".' Mr. Welsh gave than some jberr ;..but how much I can't say. Then they went down to E:ift Lane: when they came ,to the chined, without any kind of ceremony, a Ihcrt man, who was d relied in a frock like a carman, began 'to knock at the door, and burfted out the panned*; the Captain of the mob theft flood cl of? by me; after they h.ul done the mifehirf they made two fires in the road4 at the bottom of Ealt Lane; after' which they proceeded to the house of Abarcrorubie, in New-flrect. After they had demolished that house, they came to,-toe end of Charlcb-'tlreet, which is at the top of New-ttrect,- there they had a confulcation am og themselves, about which house they fljould go to first; a part of the mob was for going to Couoily's; iit Tc^fey-street, and part was (rrr going into Fivt rpot-lar.e; the created pan' or the mob lccmec to b inclined to go to Fi vefoot-hiiic; and they did go to Fivcfooe Lane. Aster they bed dcflfwvcd a heufd i»)-.EiV?foc??Lhey tiiey like will-made a tire in t'.ij Font of the -house j when thi/f flamed to ye latislud they had deil oyeu the ;place completely,: they wane away y L went with them to the.corner of London Bridge 1 and k flt>f no more of them.

Then

_ -

Then you wn$ present flic whole time When the house of Matthew Casey was dc-f: roved r — I was present the whole time the chapel was destroyed; I have found fmee that the gentleman's name is Cafev.

You was several times in conversation with this Captain ? — <- Yes, at Charles-street I laid hold of the fwortl, I laid, Cap-" taih, Why do you tie this ribband upon it ? he fiid, damn your t'ytly I am afraid you

Wo friend.

Was that person the prisoner ? — No, the person who had that {"word had very bulhy brown bait, it curled almoflall over fcis head;

You fwCar the prisoner Is net the man ? »- — 1 would take my fucrament oath of it, if 1 Was drawing my last breath, that that rs not the man.

Cr?fs Examination!

All the information you gave Us oFybU,r-> self, was, that you was aconflable f — I am. ' ' '

When Wcfcyou appointed, Was yoit sworn in at a common time for making contlnHes, or upon this occasion ? — I was sworn in -twelve or thirteen months ago, at the Rotation officer

You continue 1 constable yet?- — Yes, Mr. Levy ordered me to attend in this bu-finess. '

Don't'you attend tb do.bdfiness at the Rotation r — -I have doner

That was the reason volt were appointed conthible to take up thieves or highwaymen ? — <-Any thing of that fort.

How long is jt finer you'were in the Compter i* — -Much about three months *gr>. '

How* long Whs you' thert ? — Six months; How came vou there lo long ?- — On as-tount of a debt I owed.

It was on account' of a debt you owed that-you were there ? - - - Ye ~.

Did you go into your bufi'ness again i>5 u con liable at the Rotation ? — I did not intend to act in that ittuation again; 1 went to Mr.'Levy, there was one conila-fcle that-was then'ii| the Rotation ofticY *--i j

said I had no Merit to ail> upon which the cirrk fpokc to iVlr. Lev-;-, and affied him v/hethci I ‘hot:Id red or nor; Mr. Levy said, yes, cvruinlv, upon this occasion.

Then it I uiu! iikmd you, i: i> not only your office, but your bull icih is ti;at «)f a Constable r — ft has b-tn a part of my bu-finef>.

What is your bnfmefs I v. l ire for Mr. BiflK p, in the Admiralty office, in Doctors Commons.

Then you are not in your c employment As a conlLhie r — If I ain not, I am wry lorry for what I have done.

Did you take up any.body? — No, not at that time, if I had at-'cmpted it I fiwuld have been killed.

What time did you fee them in Ber-tnrindfey-street ? — Between one and two O'clock.

They then went to Mr. Welsh's5 — Yes, directly llraight om

They did not flay lonjf there ? — No, Mr» Welsh thought I faveu his house that, day.

How far is the Rotiiifh Chapel in Ea/l-lanc from thence? — I believe rather better, than half a mile.

Did they do any mifehiefin the way ? — None at all.

'.Were they ha-f an hour getting the re ? — -I believe they might.

Then they were there between four and five o'dlock ?-->_Ycs.

'They presently demolished th's ? — Not pretendy, I look Upon it I flood against the cooper's gates two hours.

Were they twd hours dcmclifiiing the chapel } — I believe they were;

Do yoil know the house of Adrs. Curry adjoining ? — -Yes* there are two men ui the County Gaol taken up for endeavouring to raise the mob about it.

Mrs. Curry's house is above the chapel ? * — I was at that part which is below, I did not go up there, I could not, for did tiles came down so tuft that it was dangerous to pass.

Court. I, understand you to say that you favy them in Bermondsey-fhcct about one

-^-Between

i l6o ]

PcMvct-n one and two, as near as, I can iccoli'-cr, was the fail tune I joined them cn Wet.infdav.. /

What time did they set to Mr. Welsh's?

— I had no Watch in mV pocket; I look up- n it they could net be above twenty nui. ucs going thither.

ilow long did tlity fray at Welsh's ? — Not above a quartet'of an hour; I think th y did not flay quite so long;, /

HoW song might they be in going from Mr. Welsh's to the qhapti ? — That is about a mile; they fh.-pp? d a little; they had a vail number of ribbands Tom the inhabitant*.

Fix yruh some degree of accuracy about what time they got to the Bomish chap i

— The nrarcfl I can recollect, it mull he four o'clock, befoio they got there.

You met them between one and two. If they got to Mr. Welsh's in twenty jn mutes that could not be more than two; you make them an hour and' three quarters going half a mile As to the time I cannot be particular, I speak to the bell of rm recoiled ion,. I knew nothing of my being called here till Saturday; T happened to say, it is amazing the captain has not been taken up; a person diced, do you know who that was ? I fnid, i did cob-: verse wi.lt the man; they. Taid, P*lr. ' Smith is to be tried as hint";' I laid, God bless me; I have seen Smith in gaol several tinier, and am confident he is not the man. .

You i*iid you converP. d with the captain ? — Yes, I had the fvvord out of his hand, at the bottom of Charles-street," jnyfeif.

This happened in court here ? — Yes,' here in court, at that corner, (pointing towards the door) I happ- rad to speak a word, and they catched at it.

Who. is the person you (poke to ? — The name of the person 1 do not know; I made the dr duration to one of the men who attended the sherifT, that was tiic fiift word I fuid.

Who is the man that said, Mr. Smith was ace tiled of this ? — I do ile-t knosy

what the man's ..name is, but I find

my being brought here to g:vc‘evidence,

\v :S from what L ucopped inady.crtt r.tly; I idid not. w.ih t-yconic pare to appear a-gainll any body. ..

But you appear for him F arq confident, and I would, say it, if I was t ow upon my bed knowing I hat| not a moment, to live, that Mr. Smith is not the man. . .

Ccurfdfor the Crown. What time was tfiii on Saturday, that you h-ad the convex fatiou with that unknown person ?- — In the afternoon, before this court broive up, as near asl can recollect about three or four o'clock. .:

Counfd for the Frifonr. Was that person any of the witnciics for the prisoner? — 1 do not know the person, and do not know'that I should know him if I law him again.

Counfd for the Croivjt. flow' came you to know the captain so well r- — Btaauic,

T attended the mob two days, and had frequent conversutiou with the captain.

Was you employed by any person to attend the mob; — No, it was only from n:y ov.n curiosity.

' JOHN SWALE /worn.

I believe you knyw tlijc piifomj Smith ?' — Yes.

Did yon fee him any time in the month of June last ? — Yes, I law him or.ee or. twice a week, ,/ometimes ofjtcner.

Did you fee h;nr on the 7th of June ? He lay with me on the 6th, and breakr faffed with me on the 7th.

How came you particularly to remember the 7th of June ? — By the be-

inj burpt down that day; the prisoners amfled to carry out my. furniture j be left me about ten o'clock, and came between eleven and twelve to fee me again, and continued with me till about fcvcii o'clock, in the evening.

Crop Examin

You was a fellow prisoner with him

— -I was a prisoner, Smkh tad been a

' prt-

b

r--- -

t >'&i ]

psifoner; He lodged with me while he wa; in trouble fourteen- months.

Court. What became of him after this ? ‘ — -tic took a walk along with my filler into the Bench-. then he came out again

.. ' o i

and ^trended me to George's coffee-house.,

Courtfil for the PrisonHow far is it

from the King's-Bench prison to CufeyV hotife -Three quarters of a mile or near, a mile-, it is tetter than half a mile!

WILLIAM BERWICK /worn: "

You know Smith the prisoner Very well. i

Do you remember seeing him on the 6th or ytfi ojf June — On both days.

Where was he upon the 7th r — In the King's-hcnch prison, in Mr: Swale's room. V.

At wHat time in the'morning did you first fee him? — -At nine in the morning; he came to fee Mr. Swale and me, being acquaintances of his; there was ari'alarm or at lcaff a report of the rioters being coming to the Bench; he staid there 1 believe. to aflilt his friends", to get out their furniture.

What time In the evening did you part with him ? — I was with him backwards and forwards all the day; I parted with, him about ten or a little after ten o'clock; at night.

., Do you mean to say you'^kas in company with him the' whole day? — I did not lose fight of him I suppose an hour in the whole day or evening.

Where was you the Whole of the day ? — In the Bench.

Where was he?--- He Was in Svvale's room the heft part of the day, till the rioters came; h'e assisted Mr. Sw"ale in getting out his goods, and would have assisted any prisoner I believe; he offered his service to more than Mr. Swale, after he had affifixd Mr. Swale in getting his' goods out.

At what hoiir did vou Tec him hist lass? — I parted with Swale and him at the St. George's coffee-house, in St. George's-fie'ds-, at part ten o'clock at night, as I keiirve.

Part VIII. ‘ 4 - ' ' '

Cross Examination.

You never returned, to the King's Bench after you left it ? — No.

What time did you leave it ? — About' six; as soon as it was set on fire. ' 1

Did tire prisoner leave it then? — -Not immediately; but I saw him go backwards and forwards, out of the Bench into the fields, bringing out goods. ' r

How long did you lee him bringing oitf* goods ? — -Perhaps a.couple of hours.

' And was not vou employed in the fame-manner? — -I -took care of my own: I went to my lodgings and my friends in the Bench, who'I lodged v.nth,- and af-7 filled in packing them up, and getting them away; I was a prisoner then.

T thought you had been on the mitfide,* by seeing him go into the fields," and back into the BenchThat was after I had

got my owiVout.;

Ditl you !<vok on so two fiof r.f,- and fee him helping out goods, and not lend" ah hand ? — 1 aid every thing to aid and afliff. , '

Did yoti fee him, for two hours, help* ing out? — Yes, I believe I did, at divers of times; for tw^ hours running, I did not. ‘:

When Was the King's Bench first broken, into ? — About five o'clock.

When-did you fee him next; after you: saw him going in and out of the King's Bench ?* — I can't say, particularly, as t» any time: I saw him frequently, at in*-! tetvals; and I am very Certain I did not miss him, one hour, not 'till ten o'clock at night.

WILLIAM ARUNDEL

: Do you know the prisoner r — Yes; I saw him in the King's Bcvu.h, on the 7th' of June, in Mr. Swale's room, afllffing Mr. Swale to fine his property. I saw' him, at different times, from between two and three o'clock, 'til! between six and seven.

Did you fee him any where after that ? — Not that night, ..

f ' ‘ -

Grefs Examination,

Where 'was he a}} the -time yoti law . him ?->-Alfiftin<r Mr.. Swale; the jaiT time 1 saw him was about, half, afttr. l x, upon a . place called the Racket Ground.

Had Stymie thin moved all his goods ? --Yes, he had fav» l his goods.

THOMAS SPOWERS 1 am a victualler: I keep the Throe Jolly Sailors in the Mint.

Do you recollect seeing the prifuner, at' any time, upon the yth of June last Yes j fye came to Mr. Harding, who was a prisoner in...the Bwhom I was, helping tq move his goods,; he ckme from the oufHG and laid, that Parson Holmes* and Mrs. Harding had lent him in to lee if. he could help hirn ;and that Mrs.j Harding was uneasy about her husband; it was then about seven o'clock, or rather, after; the.J Benchwas much on fire. MrG Harding told Mr.: Smith, that he had got-. 41. away he couid pofllbly favej *for he. was airaid to go back any more; he told Mr. Smith he was much obliged to him.,

>, John hardiN'G jwonK

Thje prisoner came tp rf;e.: he said he ♦was sent by my wife and Mr. Holmes p *nd Jefired I would Hep out into the fields, ' for they wanted to speak to pie he prof- /erred his service to lent) me a, hand to carry out some of my gopds; I, told him, I.was very much obliged to him, but I had got ail; away that 1 could.

What; time was this ? - — Between (even and eight o'clock at night.

The Reverend Mr. HOLMES fiuorn. V*'

I have known Mr. Smith about twelve months- . -

> Do you remember seeing him UpQty /he yrh- of June Ifiit-Yes, ;1 saw.him first in Rl asc km;in-lirect, jull by the side of the

Bench wall, in the morning about ten o'clock.; I la-? him again a little past seven, o'clock in rite afternoon Handing among!! , the speclaturs at the lobby door of the; Kui^'s-bemh amongst those 5\yho 'were' looking at the mob.

Are you lure as to the time in the mnipg i — It might be a quarter past jfe-

ven o'clock, it tffdcfc eight as I returned'

home.. _ G L/ ' ‘‘ '*

1 . / fsfExamination

1'Where did your acquaintance ertmm^rtee with him ? — In thfe King's-benCh nfifony I‘liad the misfortunc^.to be a prffoh'er' there. . - ‘ '

Was you a pri loner 'when the JCing'i-bench was destroyed ? — -f lived in my v-vn house within the rules.

JOHN PARKER.

Do you remember to have Icen the prisoner any time on the 7th of June do, I saw' him at the back of the.Kirtg^;-bench prison at about'fcyen o'clock' itt thfe* evening, he had two parcels in each hand which he was Carrying* to St;‘ George's coffee-house.; he desired. me to take o!io' of them, he said, he \&ls much fatigued ip a Hi ding Mr.^weii and some of the pri-r fpiiers all the day . 1

Croft Examination.

What was thy tipie?- — It Was between seven and eight.

‘How did You knbW thp'timk? — I'Was to' njeet a gentleman at seven o'clock I {poked at the dial before.I had fecn him j T was there before seven o'clock, and coming out 1 saw the prifdnfer, ft was theft after /even

o'clock. ....

WILLIAM, POPE ,1 am a watchman, for; Mr. Robert Hucks in Rotherhithe; I was urefcr.f the whole time of the riot in East-ianC, till about five o'clock in the morning.

Did you fee any man there wuh a drawn'/word in his.hand ? — I did/ ,

' Look at the prisoner, was that rheinan ? -:-No, abr is.hq like the man.

, - t.

Cross. Examination.

You was there at five in the mOinthg'f, — It Was five'before, I left East-lanc.

What time did' yoh 'go there ?--- I was so Jiujir-ated' with the mob, 1 can't shy jullly what time.

"You; have been.a witness before in the course of these ' tf iah; f — Yes, for John Marnsl ' ' 1 '

You went to Mr, French's borne, and

Hood-

[ 163 ]

Rot:!'there all the time till five in the morning.

What; time did you £0 at night ? — I 5e~ flfcve it to be between-fix and seven o'clock when the rioters, first came to Mr. 'French's, i Then there was.a man with a sword at French's .' — Yes'.; the man I "have been (puking hr ',

Gounjd far the Enfetter. How far is Mr.' b tench's hotise- from the Ronufh chapel ? — About four or five doors.

MARY STEWART '

I kfiow the prisoner at the bar.

Did you fee him any where on the yth; of June? — Yes: the first of my seeing him was about eight o'clock: in the mornings and I saw him in the King's Bench. I'fierve one Mr. Swale, in the Bench, with newspapers; I carry' newspapers about; he was there when I went in the morning.; I Was with them the whole day, backyard's' and forwards; he was alfitting Mr. Swale to move his goods.

The chief part of the day? — The whole* day: from eight in the morninsr, 'till' about half pad seven o'clock in the tvemng. '

Cross Examination.

S urgly Mr. Swale had a great many goods' ri?mov£ ?--Yes; he could not get o»t the thing* so well as he would.

So he began at eight in the morning ? — No.

You did not livt in the ptifon ?-~No.

' Hew came ybu to remain there all the' day ? — They had ah Order to get what, things they could our of the place.

Who had ?-'--M6ft of the prisoners.: And who did you alfifl ? — Mr.' Swale.1 We 'carried Tome of the things to St. George's cotFee-house.

What tinre did you begin to carry the things away ? — About twelve o'clock. -And did you continue 'till seven ? — Not from the Bench; we moved most of the things from tnc Bench aboiit* five 'but we carried, fame china and glaiTes to my house in Lfing-lamv' 1 ' ' ' " -

What time Was'that ? "-From five, 'till bout hilf after seven o'clock.

Whd carried those things ? — Mr; SVnitFi

afilfted me..: . '

And, did that take you 'till half after-seven ? — Yes, 'tili about that time, r

RICHARD. TUNICS

T am a merchant: I have known Mr. Smitfi* three or four yedrs; his general character, since I have known him, has' been a very good one y (o much so, that I was very much surprized to hear of his being here, or being coimect^ii with such people as he has been charged with; he has been a-companion'of mine 1

Cross Examination.:

' Has your acquaintance continued down to this time ? — 'T ill his being in the! King's Bench.

How long was that ?--- About a year.

As you are a merchant* did you-supplyc him with any thing in your-way-of business .' — Nothing at all.

You came as a friend here to give him an character ? — Yes; 1 came to give him the: character he deserves; and such a char-.c--ter as 1 expert to have the influence which', my character itself has.

JOHN THORNBOROUGH/.

I am a grooerand cheesemonger: 1 have known Mr. Smith from four to six years I knewhiin at the time he lived with Meliks. Dorrien and Ruckers, -the banker's-; he-bore a very good character there; and I: never knew any thing of him my ft If to alter that opinion of him.

Cross Examina

When did he leave Mehrs Dorrien and* Rucker?. — About evvo or three years ago,-I believe. - '

Ho\v1ong was he in trade himself ? — -It: may he from one to two years; but I can't--speak positively to (hat.

-'You bad no dealings with him your — ' felt? — No,:

RICHAP.D BARNARD fivorn.

Tarn a glover and holier, and live in-. Berkley-fcjUare; I have known Mr. Smith, -I imagine, about eleven years; L never ' heard any but- a very hom.lv character of him* 1 have yiteubeen in his company; 1.

aivvavj;.

iTtfay* thought him* very quiet, orderly CHRISTOPHER NEEDHAM {worn*-man? I never knew any thing to the coa^ 1 am a Surgeon, I have known Kr. 't-rai'v. Smith seven years; I never heard i'.ny thing

He has borrie a -remarkable good cha- against his character till the rumour of the-rafter, and you. have key: him company Ipyefent dgy. '

--'Frequently. , . '*

Have you kept him company down to JOHN LAV

-this day? — I have not seen him, I tup-. I aha a wine merchant, I have known pose, for more than two months before Mr. Smith between two and three years, he this affair happened. , has borne a very good character ever since

'Croft Examination* ' , I have known him.

Did you ufc to visit him in the King's The prisoner acquainted the Court tJ<rt he Bench r — I went to fee him-two or-three had juji been informed that there was a lady times 'while he was there. Court that give material evidence :n

-Did you know him when he; was at Mr. favour*

DObrien's ? — Perfefti.y well. .* the crown and the

How long was hem business for himself ? had been ordered withdraw at

I, can't -be particular in that,. I fancy commencement of the trials /or|r/w °ft about a year aH an half,

THOMAS SMITH fucr#, that their evidence ccikd yd be received in>

I Am an oil-man, I have known the case they came into Court before they were prisoner about twelve years, which is ever called % and the Court had in of r

imee he evune to London,

What has been his general character ?->-- ness in of the , became i -

A. very good one as far as I have known of happened. ;o be irt Court during part of him.

It appeared that\AIrs. Jones, 4he per fort aJ- THOMAS HARRISON fwirn. luJed to the , had been in

I am a grocer > and soap-man, I live at but the Count'd for the

tfce corner of Battle-bridge, Tooley-street,

I have known, the prisoner eight or ten (

years, I never knew -him bear any bub an

excellent character. MARV JONES

. Was you in Bermondsey-street ch the

MARK HARRISON Jiuorn.yth of June?--- I don't recollect the day, ' I am a Clerk to ivlcff. Dorrien, Rucker, I was there on the fame day Mr. French'* and Mart-in} 1 have known Mr. Smith house was destroyed, ... about ten years, he ^nd I went cierks for Did you know the person that was the gethor to Mr. Dorrierf's, we continued captain of the mob ? — -I law a man with a there 'lOgcthef for ffx years and better; I rusty sword, who seemed to lead then* was ordered by Mr. Dorrien to come here about.

and give him a character; Mr* Dorrien Look at the prisoner; is that the pt rfon ? would have conio-himself and fpokeforhimi — No, he-is not. but he was obliged to be out of town'; he

was in truffed with hrgTfams of money, Croft Examination.

and he always bchat* d very honestly, and What time of day are you speaking of? when he went away he leic a good character --- It was in the afternoon* behind him. How was that man dressed ? — I did not

Are you no*v a clerk to Mcffrs# Dorrien take notice of his dress, but this if not the and Co. ? — -I ani. - 1 man. -

What is vnur rcafun for saying this is tm th*.nwm r — .-.That man was Ioilier and I think was illciter than the prisonerj but this is nocthe man I am sure.

Do you knew the prisoner f — No, I he-^cr law him before in my life to-ihy know-led re,

i Where Jo you. live?--At Nfc. 75, Ber-mondfeyMlreer.

Artyou ahouselceepir yourself Yes;

How long hare you lived there ? — Two years And an half.

> You had ho acquaintance-with the prisoner at ail f*--No, I never i>.w him before fcs I know of s '

You was not fubpamaed r — I was--1 By whom ?--- That gentleman Solicitor for the Crown.)

Atid you was fitbpoena'd by the prisoner? — Yes.

Counsel fer the Crowns This Witness and; a great many other inhabitants were lent For, tp know' if they could fpcait to the prisoner's being the per fan, but none of them could*

fHOMAS FENTON from ' I am a Glacier, I have known Mr. Sftiith about two yearj, I never heard any other than a good character of him.

JOHN FENTON sworn.

I am a Glafc-er, 1 have known' the pri^ Toner seven years, he has a Very good character I believe-.

JOHN BOULTON I keep -the Green Park Cofice-house; I have known the prisonef between four and five years j* his general character is a very <poed one; I never' knew or heard. any thing to the contrary.

Croft Examination.

Your are- believe a creditor of his ?--- Yes, I believe I am.

THOMES PEACHEY sworn.

I am an upholfierfcf: I have known Mr. Smith extremely well, about 'eight years'; he always had ah unblemished cha- rndter.

BARNARD jt)HN CHEAL 'I am a -pin-maker, in Grace-church-: Rreetv, I have known the priiimcr cx-Part VIII.

tremely well between five and six y^ats \ he is a very honed, iober man.

ZACHARIAH GiBSON furor n.

I am a wme-merch.tni: I have known the prisoner eight years; he has an exceeding good character.

You knew 'him when he Was in trade himself (‘ — Yes, he has owed me a thousand pounds* 1 bciic ve, at a time, and always punctually paid me.1

Of course you have a high opinion of his integrity ? — :-X have. *

Croft E»amina Arc you one of his afligaces 1-^No, I mil not.

Has he got his certificate ?--- He has not; he has folic iced for ic many times# and has waited upon the attorney to defira him to write to a gentleman in Yorkshire who is his afiigiiee', that his patters might be settled for his creditors'; for he had' given up every thing he was poflfefled of* and was willing the y should ill have an equal ftiare.*

JOSEPH WALKER sworn.

I am a wine and brandy.merchant: I. have known the prisoner between seven and eight years; he has' a very good character; he ,was always in places of gicat trull, and executed them as an honclb man, a man of integrity; he was with' me from ten o'clock on Wednesday morning till five in the act'ernoon,-.a{Hlting mo in the King's-bench in moving my goods,

: PETER CRANKE

I am a wine-merchant: I have know ft the prisoner nine or ten years; he has an> exceeding good character; I lived milrict. intimacy with hiln; I have trusted him to a large amohnt.

And you have entertairted a good opinion of him ? — Yes, 1 have trusted him as much as 800 or goo!, at a time; there' is a gentleman in court, whb that Mr. Srtiitn would have bean hung upon thelalt indictment if twelve fwindlors had not appeared for his character; his name is John Humphries.

AV lio is-John Humphries? — A man of a very genteci appearance.

Court.Has by any connection with the T t prN

I

prisoner ? ?» Not that I know of; that

certainly' is an unwarrantable liberty for any naui to take.

C:imid for the Crown.'- We know

MOth.ng of John Humphries.

HUGH HUGHES I am a victualler: I have known the prisoner between two and three years; his general character is very good; 1 dealt

With him j J* always found him very juit and fair, and very hone ft; I never heard any othe r of him.

THOMAS SCOTT

I am a cooper: I have known the pri-r fbner very wet! between four and five years; I m.ver heard any reflections upon his character before this, at which 1 was surprised. G* V

Counsel for\he Crown. 1 shall call force

witiK-ii.es to impeach the character of John Ifearnc.

CHRISTOPHER SMHH Do you know the witness, John Hearne?

- — Yes, f know him, I did not know his Chrlftian name before.

Do you know his general character '

I know that he attends the Rotation.

Do you know enough, of his general character, to say upon your oath, whether he is worthy of credit upon his oath? — I have heard them say, and I believe he is a man that justifies in the King's-beuch.

Do you know enough of him yourself to know' whether he is worthy of being credited upon his oath ? — Upon mV word I should not credit him for my own part.

Croft Examination.

What are you ? — -A sheriff's officer. Have you any place besides that ? — No, my place is burned down; I was keeper of the house of correction.

Has there been any quarrel between you and Hearne'- — None. '

What reason have you to doubt his veracity ? — I have seen many* dirty tricks by him, taking up people to the Rotation, and getting a shilling of them.

You live by taking up people your-

166 ]

felt ? — No, I li it betak of them

af.er they are taitn up.

Another Witness

I am a constable.

Do you know John Hearne ? — -well.

Is he, from your knowledge of him, a man fit to be believed upon his oath?- — He behaved very bad a great many times while he attended our ofr.ee; I believe he would say any thing; I would not believe him; and what he has now told the co irt is not true, that he was a constable, he was never sworn in as a constable at any court leeU;

Croft Examination

You said he attended at your office, what office do you mean ? — The Rotation in the Borough; he is no constable there, he comes there about coiners.

Your business is to take up thieves and fb forth ? — -I am a victualler.

What is your general employment ? — When any body commits a robbery on the highway I take them if I can.

When people are conviifed do you not receive money for it ? — 1 'certainly have share of the reward.

--- JONES ficorn.

I keep the Swan tavern here in the Borough.

Do you know Hearne? — I have seen him several times at the Rotation Office;

I keep the house Where the Rotation is hold.

Do you know enough of his general character, to say whether he is fit to be believed or rot upon his oath ? — -I never knew him since he was there to have any good character at all; I do not think him a man fit to be credited.

Croft Examination.

You say you know no good of him, perhaps you know lio harm of him? — Not at all, only the character other people give him.

Don't you believe him to have a« good a character as the gentlemen of his frater- 3; nity

----- byJ

______

I ><r ] '

itv just notv examinfd ? — I do not know who they were.

is not he a common thief-taker ? — I

uever a Heed him.

"In point of credulity don't you consider them nearly of a par ? — I never heard any thing of the other.

However, you know no harm of Hcarne

— No.

Not Guilty.

Received Sentence of Death y Twenty-four,

Joseph Lovell, Robert Lovell, William Havtcr, Chanes King, Edward Dore-man, Thomas Murray, Henry Wad-ham, Mary Coolce, Sufar.na Howard, Samuel Leman, John Hyde, Benjamin.

Rowland, George Fletcher, William Inbcft, Samuel Jordan, Oliver Jonn-son, Richard Miller, James Palmer, Elizabeth Collins, Theodore Atkinson,

iohii Barton, Henry Penny, John i rid port, Lawrence Scofield.

JAMES TAYLOR was indiiled, for that he, together with foAy other persons and more, did, unlawfully, riotously and tu--multuously allcmble on the yth of June, to the disturbance of the public peace, and did begin to demolish and pull down the dwelling-house of William Benton against the statute.

(1he Cm:f! for the Crown not offer any evidence in support of this indictment.

Nor Guilty.

Robert Lovell, Mary Cooke,. Oliver - Johnson, Elizabeth Collins, John lirid-port and Edward Dorematw* were executed in St. George's Fields, on Wednesday the 9th of August.

' f

(The execution of the remainder of tht convicts was respittJ Afajff/i

pleafurr.) .»

INDEL

I N , U,

l;fms'W,;Thco(fote

Barkcs, Robert B&rton* Joint Berry John* '

Bridport, JoHti ' ,

Brook9, D-tnier Cole, WilJliam A

Collins, Elizabeth Cooke, Mary -

Crawley* Patrick Davis, John

Dawson, Thomas Frederick J foreman, Edward i ictchcf, George

French,-' John' ' X" ' . < Gadsby, John-: v

Harrington; John -; 'r

Harwell, Sarah

t--- — Elizabeth . '

Haynes, Joseph Ilaytcr, William Holimap, ThomaH - ' Howard* Susannah ', - - Humphreys, Caleb Hyde, John

I05,

; iV

1*: E;

ICO '

55J

,12b

3J?'

H5

55.

' */* 227

88

2(J

55.

'I.?*'

251

88

5

5

112

LI

*37

29

*34-

29

v; j; . MV r\

j -

E. -: ,

L. ,..n

L: vef!

! c

im>> ''* :ver‘ :uel . ;io/ . lirrffe'

,. iamuel

If'irph.

--- Robert

Marnr, John , Miller, Richard' '* Murray, Thomas Norton* Samuel Calmer," James Quinton, John Richardson* Edward Rowlandj Benjamin Siwiders, William51 Scofield; Lawrenod Srmpfon, Wnt; / *; Smith, William- t ' — Thomas ' ' Svifiney, JuditH ' Taylor, James'.' '; Wad ham, IIcn'T*

,55

55

: 5>

; 38

is

2 b

i

5S

3»

55>

V-?

I75

2<4

157

55

55

55

1 ?-

ji?

24

7 5-

8 S'

5

317

-J

the TENTH PART of the SESSIONS PAPER,

Being a Continuation of the Trials at the Old Bailey, of the Rioters, Was Piiblished this Morning (Price SIX-PENCEiJ

ALSO

B RAC H Y. G R A P H Y

Or* An cafy and Compendious System "of SiiokT7HAiibj (DEDICATED with Permission to the KING*}

ADAPTED

(After riiore than Forty Yearj Practice) to the various Sciences and ProfciGom*

By the kre Mr. T H O M A S GURNE Y.

The NINTH EDITION, considerably improved according to the present Method,

By his Son and SuccdTor* JOSEPH GURNEY,

(WRITER OF THESE PRbCEEDINGS)

Sold (Piice Half a-Guinea) by M. Gurnet* No. 34, B<ll-Yard,

The Book is a sufficient InstruAor of itself, but if any Difficulties occur they fnkll be rctnof* ed upon Application to the Author without any additional Expe*ce.

Tnjj» aw, and Arguments of Ccuhfel ait taken ih Shirt-fit by J, GURNEY.

