ty Crs/# p-vt «? >e, 'ac'/Aic', *i t'At k- f*v*-<\*ttr* )rf'ATO&A, Yx tttto *Trl r< 11 *>Z4*+tU.

Googfe-books ||J|

\»3z*.ffr's*'+y/s/7, V*/yx* B irtfuft

3&

BlfililO THECA REGIA MOAACE^SIS

a

L

THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 35.

A

BIBXTOTHBCA

RK(HA

MOKACEKS1S.

J

L^iyiuz.cu uy

THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 35.

c

- f *

&/ .

JOURNALS

V

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 29th, 1774,

In the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

October the 15th, 1776,

In the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

j

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE *?/' COMMONS.

VOL. 35.

By the K I N G,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGER.

WHereas We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to *fttefday the Fifteenth Day of November next: We do for that End publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords-Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and BurgetTes, and the Comtllissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are dif-ch*rged from their Meeting and Attendance on *?*tfday

the said Fifteenth D%y of November next. And We being desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet Our People, and to have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all Our loving Subjects Our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament; and do hereby further declare, That, with tire Advice of Our Privy Council, We have this Day given Order to Our Chancellor of Great , to issue out

Writs in due Form, for calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Saturday the First Day of October next, and to be returnable on Yuefday the Twenty-ninth Day of November following.

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Thirtieth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and

Seventy-four, in the Fourteenth Year of Our Reign., GOD favc the King.

[ 4 ]

Lend

Steward's

Deputation.

JTWyTILLIAM Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s HouftioW, and One of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Piclents shall come. Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my laid Office of Lord Steward, have conllituted, named, and appointed, and by these Prelects do conditute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable the Right honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot; the Right honourable Rickard Rigby, the Right honou abb Frederick Lord North.',the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Norton; the Right honourable Charles; the Right

honourable Sir William Meredith-, the Right honourable Isaac Bane-, the Right honourable Sir Lavorence Dundas-, the Right honourable 'Jeremiah Dyfony the Right honourable Thomas the Right honourable

Lord George Germaine-, the Right honoorable Lord Frederick the Right honourable William Dowdefttcfl;

the Honourable James Murray, Sir Edward Aflej, Baronet; Edward , Charles Barrow, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Edmund Burke, George Byng -, Sir Archibald Edmonfione, Baronet; Rc Fu.ler, Charles Garth, Charles Gray

the Right honourable Lord Guernsey; Sir William Guise, Baronet; Herbert Mack worth; Sir John Baronet; Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet; Sir Charles Whitworth , Joseph Richard Sir George

Savile, Baronet; Fletcher Norton, Sir Rickard Sutton, Baronet; Sir Francis Vincent, Baronet; the Right honourable Lord Robert Spencer-, Charles Mellish-, the Right honourable Lord Charles Spencer y the Honourable Charles Marsham, Sir George Howard, Knight of the Mod honourable Order of the Bath; William , Thomas De Grey-, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Baronet; Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet; Benjamin Aliens Lord Browidovj Bertie-, Thomas Coventry, General John Irwine; the Right honourable Lord Adam Gordon-, John Saw bridge -, Colonel James Grant-, Sir John Wrotte/ler, Baronet; Richatd Hopkins-, Sir Baronet; Richard

Jatkfon, John Wilkes, Frederick Bull, George Hnyley, Peregrine, Cujl, Thomas Dundas, William Strakan, Philip Stephens; Sir Hugh Palliser, Baronet; Charles Townshend, Samuel Salt y the Right honourable Stanley y

General Henry Clinton -, Hans Sloane, Thomas Staunton, James Whitshed, Samuel Blackwell, Ralph James

Wallace. Miles Rarne; Sir John Eden, Baronet; Will’am Eden; Sir Walter Rawlinson, Baronet; Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Baronet; Sir John Goodricke, Baronet; Sir Edward Bayntun, Baronet; William Innes y Sir James Cockburns, Baronet; Archibald Campbell, John Tucker, Timothy Cafwall, Adam Drummond, John the Right honourable Lord BarringtonyGrey Coopery Sir Richard Warwick Bampfjlde, Braonet; Charles Bampfylde, Edward Phelps, Richard

Crofies; Sir Meyrick Burrell, Baronet; the Right honourable Lord Howe -, John Adams; the Right nonourable Lord Wentnany Rowland Halt, Ambrose Goddard, William Chaffin Grove, Henry Fletcher, John Elwes, John Dodd, Chrilopher Griffith, William Chaytor, George Pitt, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead to tender and adminider the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the Fird Year of the Reign of their late MajediesKing William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction* of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the Taking of the said Oaths before the; to all and every Person and Persons who is, arc, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioneri of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Twenty-ninth Day of November 1774; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and adminider the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as Members of the House of Commons; according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me; to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, chol'en a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present, at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my laid Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters herein before mentioned; Ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if 1 myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Tedimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Twenty-ninth Day of , in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of our

Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great , Frame, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, (dc. Annoque Domini 1774.

Talbot, {L. S.)

15 Geo. III. — 30°

5

Parliaittentum inceptum et ten turn apud civitatem Westmonafteri-enfem die Martis, 19° die Novembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Magnae Britanniae, Francise, et Hiberniae, Regis, Fidei Defenforis, &c. 15% annoque Domini

1774*

fertUment ^"1' AHE King’s most Excellent Majesty having, by * I His Royal Proclamation (hereunto annexed) dated the 30th Day of September lad, difiolved the lad Parliament, and by His Writ of Summons, issued under the Great Seal of Great , bearing

Tede at fVflminster, on Saturday the Fird Day of October, called a new Parliament, and appointed the same to meet and fit this Day; the Right honourable William Earl Talbot, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Ten of the Clock, into one of the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are tilually administered; and John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Ley, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending according to their Duty; and the Honourable John , Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to the said. Mr. Hatfell a Book, containing a Lid of the Names of such Members as had been returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, adminider the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal (hereunto also annexed) impowering several of the Members, who had before been (worn, to adminider the said Oaths to the red of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to fitch other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

Md&ge to After which, a Message was delivered by Sir Francis - <?* Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen, , .

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly the House went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by His Majesty’s Direction, said.

here, for His Royal Approbation, Tomorrow* at Two of the Clock.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable Lord Guernsey, Son and Heir Sir Fletcher Apparent of the Right honourable the Earl of Ayles* Norton ford, and One of the Burgesses for the Borough of- speaker, Maidstone, in the County of Kens, addressing himself to *

the Clerk (who, Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right honourable Sir Fletcher Norto; in which he was seconded by the Right honourable Lord Robert Spencet,

Brother to the Mod noble George Duke of,

and One of the Citizens for the City of Oxford.

The House then calling Sir Fletcher Norton to the Chair, he dood up in his Place, and expressed the Sense he had of the Honour proposed to be conferred on him, and submitted himself to the House.

- The House then again unanimously calling Sir Fletcher Norton to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by the said Lord Guernsey and Lord Robert Spencer, and conducted to the Chair:;

Where being placed, he again expressed himself truly sensible of the high Honour the House had been pleased to confer upon him, in unanimously choosing him again to be their Speaker.

And then the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Treasurer of His Majesty’s Houshold, and One of the Burgesses for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sttffex, having congratulated Mr. Speaker elect, moved to adjourn till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned, till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

My Lc*ds, and Gentlemen, '

HIS Majesty has been pleased to command me to acquaint you, that He will defer declaring the Caule of calling this Parliament, till there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually fit, and there choose a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you present such Person, who shall be so chosen, to His Majesty Vol. 35.

Mercuriiy 30° d Novembris;

Anno 15* Georgii III'" Regis, 1774.

THE House being met, and Mr. Speaker e!e<d having taken the Chair;

A Message was brought from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usherof the Black Rod.

G Mr.

Choice of Speaker approved.

6 3°° Nmembris. — 1° — 2°- — 5° Decembris. 1774.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to at* tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elett, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to His Majesty for His Royal Approbation: And,

Then the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, after receiving Directions from His Majesty, signified His Majesty’s Approbation of Mr. Speaker elect.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had been in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty had been pleased to approve of the Choice the House had made of him to be their Speaker; and that he had, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, laid Claim to all their antient Rights and Privileges, particularly that their Persons, their Ef-tates, and Servants, might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates, may have Access to His Majesty’s Royal Person, whenever Occasion Hi all require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Construction; which, be said, His Majesty had confirmed to them in as full and ample Manner as they have been heretofore granted or allowed by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated- his most respectful Acknowledgments to the House for the Honour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker then put the House in Mind, that the first Tiling to be done, was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker first alone, standing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

And, after him, several other Members took the said first-mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoViSy 1° die Decembris;

Anno 15° Georgii III*1' Regis, 1 774. ' Prayers.

SEveral other Members present took the Oaths, and-made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said

Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2* die Decembris \

Anno *5° Georgii III,!‘ Re^is, 1774. Prayers.

SEveral other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account Of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lumey 5* die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1774. Prayers.

SEveral other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Baron, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Sir George Sa-

vile, Mr. Burke, Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Byng, Mr. Murray, Lord Howe, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Norton, Mr. Paulett, Lord Midleton, General Irwine, Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Conway, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr.

Dunning, Mr. Douglas, Lord Lijhurne, Mr. Rigby, Lord Clare, Lord Lumley, Sir Charles Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Hcr~ bert, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Guije, Mr. Skipivith, L jrd Guernsey, Sir Brownlow Cujl, Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir

Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Ewer, Lord Mr.

Bootle, Lord Gage, Lord John Mr. De

Grey, Mr. Milles, Sir George Osborne, Sir Marne,

Mr. Buller, Mr. Rushout, Sir Middleton, Mr.

Hopkins, Sir Richard Warwick Mr. Treasurer

of

Outlawry

Bill.

Grand

Committee*.

Commute*

of

Privilege*,

15 Geo. III. 5° . 7

of the Household, General Burgoyne, Lord North, Mr. Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguish-Grenville, Sir Philip 'Jennings Clerke, Lord George Ger- ing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted

ntaine, Mr. Eden, Mr. Harris, Marquis of Cmmarthen, Mr. to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or Jenkinson, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Gilbert by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the

Elliot, Mr. St. John, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their D'Oyley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: Agents.

And they are to meet upon Friday Sevennight, at Seven

of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Cham- That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

ber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and FridayHoule do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; any Stranger, or Strangers, that helhall fee, or beinform-and they are to take into Consideration all such Mat- ed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, ters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privi- or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and leges; and to report their Proceedings, with their that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; out of Custody, without the special Order of the and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Per- House. fons. Papers, and Records, for their Information; and

if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Mat- Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Cham-ter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw du- ber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the ring the Time the Matter is in Debate. House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked

up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the tJfual Order*. Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Re- same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the turns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be every Day, before the Door is locked up. brought in; and that all Members who are returned

for Two or more Places, do make their Election by Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume

this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting, for that Place; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers* of he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in De- Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from bate; and that all Members returned upon Double Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined. Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon,

during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right the Streets between Temple Bar and Hall,

to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions in Parliament. be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder

the Passage of the Members to and from this House;

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Pe- and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do iition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid. the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take Care, Person petitioned against. that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in

minster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoy-procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of ance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any thereabouts.

other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the High the utmost Severity against such Person. Bailiff of Westminster , and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to de- thereto, ter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other utmost Severity against such Offender. Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen at-

tending the Members of this House to wait in.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall utmost Severity against such Offender. presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that

no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liber- the special Order of the House, ties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for

any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing. County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Mem- of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Per-bers to serve for the Commons in Parliament. son appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll

Office to this House, or some other Person to be ap-Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections pointed by the Post-Master General, do, for the futuf®, for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in Time to be appointed by the House, deliver to the the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Per- Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the fons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who House, and also from Five of the Clock in the After-voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said noon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery You. 35. 6 of

8

UfoalOrden. of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the teveral Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants., or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Pod-Mailer General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

1774.

the ensuing Year to be laid before you; and I doubt not but that, in this House of Commons, I shall meet with the same affectionate Confidence, and the same Proofs ot Zeal and Attachment to My Person and Government, which I have always, during the Course of My Reign, received from My faithful Commons.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Let Me particularly recommend to you, at this Time, to proceed with Temper in your Deliberations, and with Unanimity in your Resolutions. Let My People, in every Part of My Dominions, be taught by your Example, to have a due Reverence for the Laws, and a just Sense of the Blessings, of Our excellent Constitution. They may be allured that, on My Part, 1 have nothing (b much at Heart as the real Prosperity and lading Happiness of all My Subjects.

50 Decembris.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and vend.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, besag sint perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap-poeat the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he Cu3 appoint do presume to print the Came.

Xkg* Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That when the ffcoe did attend His Majesty upon last, in

the Hscae of Peers, His Majesty was plealed to make a exxt Gracious Speech horn the Throne to both Houses c£ Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mid ikes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It gives Me much Concern, that I am obliged at the Opening of this Parliament, to inform you, that a most daring Spirit of Resistance and Disobedience to the Law dill unhappily prevails in the Province of the Massachu-set’sBay, and has, in divers parts of it, broke forth in ffeQi Violences of a very criminal Nature. These Proceedings have beea countenanced and encouraged in other of My Colonies, and unwarrantable Attempts have been made to obstruct the Commerce of this Kingdom, by unlawful Combinations. I have taken such Measures, and given such Orders, as I judged most proper and effectual for carrying into Execution the Laws which were pasted in the last Session of the late Parliament, for the Protection and Security of the Commerce of My Subjects, and for the restoring and preferring Peace, Order, and good Government, in the Province of the Massachuset'% Bay; and you may depend

upon My firm and (teadfaft Resolution to withstand every Attempt to weaken or impair the supreme Authority of this Legislature over all the Dominions of My Crown; the Maintenance of which I consider as essential to the Dignity, the Safety, and the Welfare of the British Empire; alluring Myself, that, while I aft upon these Principles, I shall never fail to receive your Assistance and Support.

I have the greatest Satisfaction in being able to inform you, that a Treaty of Peace is concluded between and the Porte. By this happy Event, the Troubles which have so long prevailed in one Part of Europe are composed, and the general Tranquillity rendered complete. It shall be My conftarst Aim and Endeavour to prevent the breaking out of fresh Disturbances; and I cannot but flatter Myself, I shall succeed.as I continue to receive the strongest Assurances from other Powers of their being equally disposed to preserve the Peace.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Estimates for the Service of

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Addref* o* posed. That an humble Address be presented to His *he king'* Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this ^P*6*1' House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To allure His Majesty, that we receive, with the highest Sense of His Majesty’s Goodnef, the early Information which He has been pleased to give us of the State of the Province of the MajjachtBay:

That we feel the most sincere Concern, that a Spirit of Disobedience and Resistance to the Law should still unhappily prevail in that Province, and that ic his broke forth in fresh Violences, of a most criminal Nature; and that we cannot but lament, that such Proceedings should have been countenanced c d encouraged in any other of His Majesty’s Colonies, and that any of His Subjects should have been so far deluded and miffed as to make ra(h and unwarrantable Attempts to obstruct the Commerce of His Majesty’s Kingdoms, by unlawful Combinations:

To present our most dutiful Thanks to His Majesty', for having taken such Measures as He judged most proper and effectual for carrying into Execution the Laws which were passed in the last Session of the late Parliament, for the Protection and Security of the Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects; and for restoring and preserving Peace, Order, and good Government, in the Province of the Massachuset's Bay.

That, animated by His Majesty’s Gracious Assurances, His faithful Commons will use every Means in their Power to assist His Majesty in maintaining entire and inviolate the supreme Authority of this Legislature overall the Dominions of His Crown; being truly fen-fible that we should betray the Trust reposed in us, and be wanting in every Duty which we owe to His Majesty and to our Fellow Subjects, if we fail to give our most zealous Support to those great Constitutional Principles which govern His Majesty’s Conduct in this important Business, and which are so essential to the Dignity, Safety, and Welfare, of the British Empire:

That we learn with great Satisfaction, that a Treaty of Peace is concluded between Russia and the Porte, and that by this happy Event the general Tranquillity is rendered complete; and that we entertain a well-grounded Hope, that His Majesty’s constant Endeavours to prevent the breaking out of fresh Disturbances will be attended with Succels, as His Majesty continues to receive the strongest Assurances from other Powers, of their being equally disposed to preserve the Peace:

To assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will, with the utmost Chearfulness, grant to His Majesty every necessary Supply; and that they consider themselves bound by Gratitude as well as Duty', to give every Proof of their most affectionate Attachment to a Prince, who, during the whole Course of His Reign, has made the Happiness of His People the Object of all His Views, and the Rule of all His Actions.

An

A

vX

' *

I c Geo. lit* K — Decembris.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring after the Word " Throne," at the End of the First Paragraph, these Words; " And " to assure His Majesty, that, animated with the warm- eft Zeal for His Service, and for the Glory and Prosperity of His Reign, we shall enter into the Confident* tion of the present Situation of His Colonies in Anterica, with that Care and Attention, which the Delicacy

" and Importance of the Object require.

" And humbly to represent, that our inviolable Duty " and ltespect to His Majesty, as well as our Situation " in an immediate delegated Trust from His People, " will not permit us to form any Opinion upon a Matter, which may not only sensibly and deeply affect the " landed and commercial Interests of our Constituents, " but lead to Consequences of a still more alarming Nature, without the fullest and most satisfactory Information: And to that End, most humbly to request, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to " give Orders that all the Accounts received from " America may be laid before this House with all con-4‘ venient Dispatch.

" And that when, by such Information we shall be enabled to form a proper Judgment, we will humbly " offer our Advice on this delicate Situation of Affairs, " and endeavour to find the Means effectually to sup- port the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and the " true Dignity of Parliament, which shall be best adapted to connect both with the permanent Peace,

Concord, and Prosperity, of all His Majesty’s Dominions.".

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J *

Tellers for the Noes, J *«4-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Rejohed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne.

To assure His Majesty, that we receive, with the highest Sense of His Majesty’s Goodness, the early Information which He has been pleased to give us of the State of the Province of the Bay.

That we feel the most sincere Concern, that a Spirit of Disobedience and Resistance to the Law should still unhappily prevail in that Province, and that it has broke forth in fresh Violences, of a most criminal Nature; and that we cannot but lament, that such Proceedings should have been countenanced and encouraged in any other of His Majesty’s Colonies, and that any of His Subjects should have been so far deluded and milled as to make rash and unwarrantable Attempts to obstruct the Commerce of His Majesty’s Kingdoms, by unlawful Combinations.

To present our most dutiful Thanks to His Majesty, for having taken such Measures as He judged most proper and effectual for carrying into Execution the Laws, which were passed in the last Session of the late Parliament, for the Protection and Security of the Commerce of His Majesty’s Subjects; and* for restoring and pre-l'erving Peace, Order, and good Government, in the Province of the Massachuset’sBay.

That, animated by His Majesty’s gracious Affu-rances. His faithful Commons will use every Means in their Power to assist His Majesty in maintaining entire and inviolate the supreme Authority of this Legislature over all the Dominions of His Crown; being truly fen-fible that we should betray the Trust reposed in us, and be wanting in every Duty which we owe to His Majesty and to our Fellow Subjects, if we fail to give our most zealous Support to those great Constitutional Principles which govern His Majesty’s Conduct in this im-

Vol. 35.

portant Business, and which are so essential to the Dignity, Safety, and Welfare, of the Empire.

That we learn with great Satisfaction, that a Treaty of Peace is concluded between Russia and the Porte, and that by this happy Event the general Tranquillity is rendered complete; and that we entertain a well grounded Hope, that His Majesty’s constant Endeavours to prevent the breaking out of fresh Disturbances will be attended with Success, as His Majesty continues to receive the strongest Assurances from other Powers, of their being equally disposed to preserve the Peace.

To assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will, with the utmost Chearfulness, grant to His Majesty every necessary Supply; and that they consider themselves bound by Gratitude, as well as Duty, to give every Proof of their most affectionate Attachment to a Prince, who, during the whole Course of His Reign, has made the Happiness of His People the Objcdt of all His Views, and the Rule of all His Actions.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Lord North, Mr. De Grey, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Womb well. Sir George Macartney, Marquis of,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Stanley, Sir William Mayne, Mr.

Jetikinson, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cooper, Colonel Murray, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rice, Mr. Brake, Junior, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Charles Sir

Philip Jennings Clerke, Mr. Rigby, Lord Stanley, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die De;

Anno 15" Georgii IIItU Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

THE Lord Beauchamp reported from the Commit- Addrest on tee appointed Yesterday, to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, that the Committee *ec " had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful ant} loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled* return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Permit us to assure Your Majesty, that we receive with the highest Sense of Your Majesty’s Goodness the early Information which You have been pleased to give us of the State of the Province of the Bay.

We feel the most sincere Concern, that a Spirit of Disobedience and Resistance to the Law should still unhappily prevail in that Province, and that it has broke forth in fresh Violences of a most criminal Nature:

And we cannot but lament that such Proceedings should have been countenanced and encouraged in any other of Your Majesty’s Colonies; and that any of Your Subjects should have been so far deluded and milled, us to make rafti-and unwarrantable Attempts to ob-r D struft

io 6° Decemlfis. A. 1774.

Address on ftjmft the Commerce of Your Majesty’s Kingdoms by to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-unlawful Combinations. houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1773; what

' We beg Leave to pr?sent our most dutiful Thanks have been since brought in; what exported; as also to Your Majesty, for having taken such Measures as what remained at Michaelmas 1774: And also.

Your Majesty judged most proper and effectual, for N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods carrying into Execution the Laws which were parted in which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at the last Session of the late Parliament, for the Protection Saint Helen's, Bill iter Lane, and the Custom

and Security of the Commerce of Your Majesty’s Sub- House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1773, jedts, and for restoring and preserving Peace, Order, and in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed; what have good Government, in the Province of the Massachuset's been returned; and what remained out at Michaelmas Bay. 1774: And also,

Your faithful Commons, animated by Your Majesty’s N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from gracious Assurances, will use every Means in their Power Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 17 73 to assist Your Majesty in maintaining entire and inviolate to Michaelmas 1774: And also, the Supreme Authority of this Legislature over all the N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Dominions of Your Crown; being truly sensible that into the Ports of England, commonly called the

we should betray the Trust. reposed in us, and be want- Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1774: ing in every Duty which we owe to Your Majesty and to And also,

our Fellow Subjects, if we failed to give our raoft zealous N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which Support to those great Constitutional Principles, which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's govern Your Majesty’s Conduct in this important Bufi- , and the Greenland Seas, with their respective

ness, and which are so essential to the Dignity, Safety, Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted and Welfare, of the British Empire. out, and at what Port-in Great Britain they were dif-

We learn with great Satisfaction, That a Treaty of charged; and also what Quantity of Oil, or Whale Peace is concluded between Russia and the Porte-, and Fins, each Ship has imported, in the Year 1774: And that, by this happy Event, the general Tranquillity is also,

rendered complete: And we entertain a well-grounded N#9. An Account of all Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Hope, that Your Majesty’s constant Endeavours to pre- Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from Advent the breaking out of frefti Disturbances will be at- to any Place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance

tended with Succcfs; as Your Majesty continues to re- of any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted for ceive the ftrortgeft Assurances from other Powers, of their that Purpose, by an Act passed last Session, to prohibit being equally disposed to preserve the Peace. the Exportation thereof; continued from the last Ac-

Weaflurc Your Majesty, thdt we will, with the ut- count j viz. from the 10th October 1773 to the 10th most Chearfulness, grant to Your Majesty every necef- 1774, inclusive.

fary Supply; and that we consider ourlclves bound by And then they withdrew.

Gratitude, as well as Duty, to give every Proof of our And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

most affectionate Attachment to a Prince, who, during That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table,

the whole Course of His Reign, has nude the Happiness to be peruled by the Members of the House.

of Hi sPeople the Object of all His Views, and the Rule The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other of all His Actions. Papers of this Session.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Refolded, That this House doth agree with the Com- A Petition of Edward Waller, and Isaac Hawkins EU&ioni. mittee in the said Address to be presented to His Ma- Browne, Esquires, being offered to be presented to the jesty. House;

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Majesty by the whole House. 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of tuled, " An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do hum- " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Par-b!y know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when Fie will be at- " liament," might be read, tended by this House. And the same being read accordingly ;.

ResolvedThat, according to the true Construction of King’s Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech the said Act, whenever a Petition, complaining of an Speech, to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Considera- undue Election, or Return of a Member to lerve in tion Tomorrow Morning. Parliament, shall be offered to be presented to the

House, within the Time limited by the Order of the Accounts The House being informed that some of the Com- House for questioning the Returns of Members to serve from the missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they in Parliament, the said Petition flvil] be delivered in at Custom-house, were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Table, and read, without a Question being put pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, thereupon.

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods Then the said Petition of Edward Walter, and Isaac Milbome imported into Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Ware- Hawkins Browne, Esquires, was delivered in at the for'

houses. in the Port of London, from Michaelmas, 1773 Table, and read, Setting forth, That the Petitioners, EUdwo.

to Michaelmas 1774; also what exported during that together with the Honourable Temple and

Time; and what remained in the said Warehouses at Charles Esquire, were Candidates at the last

Michaelmas 1774: And also, Election for Burgesses tolerve in Parliament for the Bo-

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods rough of Mi I borne Port, in the County of and

imported into Leadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of that there are Nine Capital Bailiwicks in the laic! Bo-

London, from Michaelmas 1773 to Michaelmas 1774; rough; and byantient and immemorial Usage Two of also what exported during that Time; and what re- the Nine Capital Bailiffs of the said Bailiwicks ought in mained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1774: each Year, according to a certain and known Rotation,

And also, as often as it comes to their Turn, at the Court Lcec

N° 3: An Account of prohibited East India Goods held in and for the said Borough, Yearly, on remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of next after a certain Fair called Pack Monday Fair,

London at Michaelmas 1773; what have been since (which is an Annual Fair, held at Sherborne, the First brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Monday after Old Michaelmas Day) severally to nominate Michaelmas 1774: And also, and appoint a Deputy, to execute the said Office for

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited them respectively for the Year ensuing, which Deputy

Bailiffs,

15 Geo. III. 6° Decembris. n

Bailiffs, or one of them, in case there be but one appointed for that Year, or upon the Death or Absence of the other, is or are the Returning Officer or Officers for the said Borough for the Time being; and that no other Person or Persons, except such Deputy or Deputies so nominated, have, according to the Usage and Custom of the said Borough, any Right to preside at the Election, or make a Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Fair called Pack Monday Fair, was held at Sherborne in the

Year 1773,00 Monday the 11th Day of ;and

at the Court Leet held for the said Borough, on day the 12th Day of October 1773, Robert was

appointed, by Mr. Henry , One of the Capital Bailiffs, whose Turn it was to nominate for the Year ensuing, to be his Deputy; and was accordingly, at the said Court Leet, duly ivvorn in to the said Office; and one Elias Oliver is pretended on the same Day to have been appointed, by the other of the Capital Bailiffs whose Turn it was likewise to nominate for the Year ensuing, to be his Deputy, and to have been sworn accordingly; and that, on the 3d of

October lass, John Old Goods Esquire, the High Sheriff of the County of Somerset, made out his Precept for the Election of Two Burgesses for the said Borough of MilbornePort; and on the same Day it was delivered

by the Under Sheriff to the said Robert Baunton, then being Deputy Bailiff; and afterwards the said Robert Baunton and Elias Oliver jointly gave Notice of the Election; and that Thomas Hutchings , Esquire,

who was in the Interest of the said Temple Luttrell and Charles IVolfeley, and upon whole Invitation they had

come to the Borough to (land as Candidates, previous to the said Election, frequently made Declarations, that his Friends should at all Events be returned for the said Borough; and the said Thomas Hutchings Medlycott, having, in respect of two certain Bailiwicks, a. Right at the next ensuing Court Leet to be held according to the Custom of the said Borough, to nominate Two Capital Bailiffs for the Year ensuing, appointed Mr Hutchings (his Brother) and Robert , his Capital Bailiffs; and the said T homasHutchings , toge-

ther with the said George Hutchings, Robert , Elias Oliver, and many of the Agents of the said Thomas Hutchings Medlycott, and the said Temple Luttrell and Charles IVolfeley, on the 4th Day of October last, not being the customary Day for holding the said Court, as aforesaid, broke open the Door of the Guildhall of the said Borough, and pretended to hold t,be Court Leet for the Year ensuing, without giving the usual Notice of holding the said Court; and at the said pretended Court, the said Elias Oliver presided, and the said George Hutchings and Robert Curtis made a pretended Appointment of John Newton, Junior, and John Peckham, to be Sub-Bailiffs for the Year ensuing, in order that they might take the Poll at the said Election, and make a Return of the said Temple Lv.ttreJl and Charles IFolfdey; and the said Elias , abandoning his

pretended Office of Sub-Bailiff, was, at the said pretended Court, sworn in one of the Constables of the said Borough for the Year ensuing; and that the Court Leet for the said Borough was not, nor could not, be held before Tuesday the 18th Day of October (according to the Usage and Custom of the said Borough) being the first Tuesday after Pack Monday Fair; and that an Election of Burgesses to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough was held on the 10th Day of October last; when the said John Newton and John Peckham, under Colour of l'uch their Appointment to be Sub-Bailiffs at the said pretended Court Leet, and the said Elias Oliver, under a Pretence of his being also one

of the Sub-Bailiffs, severally took upon themselves to act as Returning Officers ai the said Election; and the said John Newton and John Peckham made a Return to John Old Goodjord, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said Vot. 35,

County, of the said Temple Luttrell and Chafles tVolfeley, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgesses of the said Borough of Milborne Port; and the said Elias Oliver hath also made a like Return to the said High Sheriff; and that the said Robert Baunton, who, at the Court Leet held for the said Borough on Tuesday the 12th Day of October 1773, was appointed one of the Sub-Bailiffs for the said Borough for the Year then ensuing, ,in his Presence, and in the Presence of; Elias Oliver, caused a Poll to be taken for the said Borough; and did execute an Indenture, by which he returned the Petitioners as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and annexed the Precept of the High Sheriff thereto, and to which Return the Common Seal of the Borough is affixed; and the said Robert the

Evening of the said 10th Day of October, attended the Under Sheriff for the County with his laid Return, who accepted the fame, and executed a Counterpart thereof; a*id that the said Elias Oliver did not concur with the said Robert Baunton in making the said Return; and that, the next Morning, the 1 ith of October, the said Elias Oliver; and also John Newton and John Peckham, tendered the Returns so respectively made by them to the Under Sheriff for the said County, who refused to accept the fame; but the High Sheriff was afterwards prevailed upon to insist on the Under Sheriff taking the said Two Returns, and executing Counterparts thereof; and in consequence of, and in obedience to, such Orders of the said High Sheriff, the said Under Sheriff did receive the Returns of the said Oliver, Newton, and Peckham, and has annexed them to his Election Writ for the said County; and that the said Robert Baunton, although he has made a Return in favou\of the Petitioners, yet he admitted many Persons to vote for the said Temple Luttrell and Charles , who

had no Right of voting, and rejected the Votes of many Persons for the Petitioners, who Ought to have been admitted; and the said John Newton and Peckham and Elias Oliver, in the several Polls taken by them, notoriously admitted many Persons to vote for the said Temple Luttrell and Charles tVolfeley, who had no Right of voting, and ought to have been rejected; and rejected the Votes of many Persons for the Petitioners, w’ho had a good Right to poll, and ought to have been admitted; and that the said Thomas Hutchings Medlycott, Temple Luttrell, and Charles tVolfeley, and their Agents, previous to the said Election, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, and made use of Threats and Intimidations in order to procure the said Temple Luttrell and Charles IVolfeley to be returned as duly elected; and that by these and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, many Persons voted for the said Temple Luttrell and Charles tVolfeley, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioners; and the said Temple Luttrell and Charles IVolfeley are unduly returned as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the Rights of the Borough, and the Freedom of Elections; and that the said Temple Luttrell, at the Time of his pretended Election and Return, had, by himself or some PdHon in Trust for him, an Office, Place, or Employment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting, or managing. His Majesty’s Customs, whereby the said Temple Luttrell, at the Time of his said pretended Election, was incapable of being elected or returned as a Member to serve for the said Borough of Milborne Port: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, with regard to the said Return, and also on the Merits of the said Election, as shall feetn just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of

this

Milborne

Port

Election.

12

6° Decembr.

A. 1774.

this InfUnt Oecember, at Three of the Clock in the fuaII Afternoon,

Memorandum:

The following Notices and Orders were sent to Edward Walter, Esquire, and Hawkins

x Browne, Esquire, and also to the Honourable

Temple Luttrell and Charles , Esquire, in

pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the 10th and r ith Years of Elis present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Edward Walter, and Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquires, having, upon the Sixth Day of this In-ilant December, presented their Petition, complaining, That the Petitioners, together with the Honourable Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election for Burgesses to serve in Pari Ament for the Borough of M Tort, in the County of Somerset \ and that there are Nine Capital Bailiwicks in the said Borough; and by antient and immemorial Usage Two of the Nine Capital Bailiffs of the said Bailiwicks ought in each Year, according to a certain and known Rotation, as often as it comes to their Turn, at the Court Leet held in and for the said Borough, yearly, on Tuesday next after a certain Fair called Pack Monday Fair (which is an annual Fair, held at Sherborne, the First Monday after Old Michaelmas Day) severally to nominate and appoint a Deputy, to execute the said Office for them respectively, for the Year ensuing, which Deputy Bailiffs, or one of them, in case there be but one appointed for that Year, or upon the Death or Absence of the other, is or are the Returning Officer or Officers for the said Borough, for the Time being; and that no other Person or Persons, except such Deputy or Deputies so nominated, have, according to the Usage and Custom of the said Borough, any Right to preside at the Election, or make a Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Fair called Pack Monday Fair, was held at Sherborne, in the Year 1773, on Monday the nth Day of; and

at the Court Leet held for the said Borough, on Tuesdaythe 12th Day of October 1773, Robert Baunton was appointed, by Mr. Henry Noolh, One of the Capital Bailiffs whole Turn it was to nominate for the Year ensuing, to be his Deputy} and was accordingly, at the said Court Ixet, duly sworn into the said Office; and one Elias Oliver is pretended on the same Day to have been appointed by the other of the Capital Bailiffs whole Turn it was likewise to nominate for the Year ensuing, to be his Deputy, and to have been sworn accordingly; and that, on Thursday the 3d of October last, John Old Goodford, Esquire, the High Sheriff of the County of , made out his Pre-

cept for the Election of Two Burgesses for the said Borough of Milborne Port; and on the same Day it was delivered by the Under Sheriff to the said Robert Baunton, then being Deputy Bailiff'; and afterwards the said Robert Baunton and Elias Oliver jointly gave Notice of the Election i and that Thomas Hutchings Medlycott, Esquire, who was in the Interest of the said Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, and upon whose Invitation they had come to the Borough to stand as Candidates, previous to the said Election, frequently made Declarations, that his Friends should at all Events be returned for the said Borough; and the said Thomas Hutchings

Medlycott having, ill respect of two certain Bailiwicks, a Right, at the next ertfuing Court Leet to be held according to the Custom of the said Borough, to nominate Two Capital Bailiffs fof the Year ensuing, appointed Mr. George Hutchings (his Brother) and Robert Curtis, his Capital Bailiffs; and the said Thomas Hutchings Medlycott, together with the said George Hutchings, Robert Curtis, Elias Oliver, and many of the

Agents of the said Thomas Hutchings Medlycott, and the said Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, on the 4th Day of October last, not being the customary Day for holding the said Court, as aforesaid, broke open the Door of the Guildhall of the said Borough, and pretended to hold the Court Leet for the Year ensuing, without giving the usual Notice of holding the said Court; and at the said pretended Court, the said Elias Oliver presided, and the said George Hutchings and Robert Curtis made a pretended Appointment of John Newton, Junior, and John Peckham, to be Sub-Bailiffs for the Year ensuing, in order that they might take the Poll at the said Election, and make a Return of the said Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, and the said Elias Oliver, abandoning his pretended Office of Sub-Bailiff, was, at the said pretended Court, sworn in one of the Constables of the said Borough for the Year eniuing; and that the Court Leet for the said Borough was not, nor could not, be held before Tuesday the 18th Day of October (according to the Usage and Custom

of the said Borough) being the First Tuesday after Pack Monday Fair; and that an Election of Burgesses to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough was held on the 10th Day of October last; when the said Newton and John Peckham, under Colour of such their Appointment to be Sub-Bailiffs at the said pretended Court Leet, and the said Elias Oliver, under a Pretence of his being also one of the Sub-Bailiffs, severally took upon themselves to act as Returning Officers at the said Election; and the said John Newton and John Peckham made a Return to John Old Goodford, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County, of the said Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, to serve in this present Parliament as Burgetfes of the said Borough of Milborne Port; and the said Elias Oliver hath also made a like Return to the said High Sheriff; and that the said Robert Baunton, who, at the Court Leet held for the said Borough on Tuesday the 12th Day of 1773,

was appointed one of the Sub-Bailiffs for the said Borough for the Year then ensuing, in his Presence, and in the Presence of Elias Oliver, caused a Poll to be taken for the said Borough; and did execute an Indenture, by which he returned the Petitioners as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and annexed the Precept of the High Sheriff thereto, and to which Return the Common Seal of the Borough is affixed; and the said Robert Baunton, in the Evening of the said 10th Day of October, attended the Under Sheriff for the County with his said Return, who accepted the fame, and executed a Counterpart thereof; and that the said Elias Oliver did not concur with the said Robert Baunton, in making the said Return; and that, the next Morning, the 11th of,

the said Elias Oliver, and also John Newton and John Peckham, tendered the Returns so respectively made by them to the Under Sheriff for the said County, who refused to accept the fame; but the High Sheriff was afterwards prevailed

15 Geo. III. 6° Decembris. 13

Vailed upon to infill oh the Under Sheriff taking the said Two Returns, and executing Counterparts thereof; and in consequence of, and in obedience to, such Orders of the said High Sheriff, the said Under Sheriff did receive the Returns of the said O, and ham, and has annexed them to his Election Writ for the said County; and that the said Robert Bauntoft, although he has made a Return in favour of the Petitioners, yet he admitted many Persons to vote for the said Temple -trell and Charles Wolfewho had no Right of voting, and rejetted the Votes of many Persons for the Petitioners, who ought to have been admitted; and the said John and John Peckham, and Elias , in the

several Polls taken by them, notoriously admitted many Persons to vote for the said Temple Luttrell and Charles Wwho had no Right of voting, and ought to have been rejetted; and rejetted the Votes of many Persons for the Petitioners, who had a good Right to poll, and ought to have been admitted; and that the said Thomas Hutchings MTemple

and Charles Wolfeley, and their Agents, previous to the said Elettion, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Elettion, and made use of Threats and Intimidations in order to procure the said Temple Luttrell and Charles to be returned as duly eletted; and that, by thele and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable, Practices, many Persons voted for the said Temple Luttrell and Charles who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioners; and the said Temple Luttrell and Charles Wolfeley are unduly returned as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the Rights of the Borough, and the Freedom of Elections; and that the said Temple Luttrell, at the Time of his pretended Elettion and Return, had, by himself, or some Person in Trull for him, an Office, Place, or Employment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting, or managing, His Majesty’s Customs, whereby the said Temple Luttrell, at the Time of his said pretended Elettion, was incapable of being eletted or returned as a Member to serve for the said Borough of Milborne Port; and' the House having appointed the Twentieth Day of this Instant December, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Confederation, you are therefore to take Notice, that the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Ninth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four.

FI'. Speaker.

To Edward WaTter, Esquire.

Martis, 6° die Decembris, 1774.

Ordered, That Edward , Esquire, do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House upon the noth Day of

this Instant December, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

J.

Cl. Dom. Com.

The like Notice and Order to Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, the honourable Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire.

Vol. 35.

A Petition of the honourable Tertiple Litltrell and Milborne Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth. That, at the late Elettion of °n' Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of the Peti*

tioners, and Edward Walter and Isaac Hawkins Browne,

Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Walter, by himself, and the said Walter and Browne, by their respective Agents, after the Vacancy happened, and after the issuing of the Writ of Elettion, were severally guilty of bribing and corrupting, and attempting to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Right to vote at the said Elettion, in order to procure the said Mr. Walter and Mr. Browne, to be eletted, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Elettion came on, the 10th October last# before John Newton the Younger, and John Peckham, Deputy Sub-Bailiffs and legal Returning Officers of the said Borough; when there appeared, upon the Poll taken by them, a large Majority of legal Votes for the Petitioners; whereupon the said John Newton and John Peckham declared the Petitioners to be duly eletted Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Under Sheriff for the County of an Agent for Mr. Walter, and in the Interest of Mr.

Walter and Mr. Browne, delivered the Precepts for the said Elettion to Robert Baunton, One of the Sub-Bailiffs for the Year preceding; and he and Elias Oliver the other Sub-Bailiff appointed the Elettion to be held the 10th October, at which Time, they the said Baunton and Oliver differing in respect to their Right of presid-ingat the said Elettion, took separate Polls; and that, on the Polls taken by the said Elias Oliver and Robert Baunton, the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and were accordingly returned, by the said Oliver, as Burgesses to serve for the said Borough in Parliament; which Return was accepted by the Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, and by him annexed to the Precept; and that the said Robert Baunton, previous to and during his Office of a Sub-Bailiff, atted as Agent to Mr. Walter, and did bribe, and attempt to bribe, and influence, several Persons to vote in favour of Mr. Walter and Mr. Browne', and did, in an arbitrary,

illegal, and partial Manner, rejett many Persons having a Right, and claiming, to vote for the Petitioners, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Walter and Mr. Browne, who had no Right of voting at the said Elettion, and made a separate Return to the said Sheriff, of the said Mr. Walter and Mr. Browne, as Burgesses to serve in Parliament, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights of Elettion for the said Borough; which Return hath been received by the Sheriff, and annexed to the said Writ:

And therefore praying. That the Merits of the said . several Returns, and the Matters contained in this Petition, may be taken into Consideration; and' that the House will grant them such Relief as shall feetn meet.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are' Ditto, thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town and’

Borough of Milborne Port, paying Scotland Lot, as well for themselves, as for the other Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are Nine Capital Bailiwicks, and One Capital Bailiff for each Bailiwick, within the said Borough; and, by an-tient and immemorial Custom and Usage, Two of the said Nine Capital Bailiffs arc the reigning Capital Bailiffs, according to a certain and known Rotation; and that the said Two Capital reigning Bailiffs preside in, and are the Head Officers of, the said Borough, in each Year; and that the reigning Capital Bailiffs nominate and appoint One Sub-Bailiff each, which Sub-Bailiffs are the Returning Officers of the said Borough for the Year ensuing; and that the several Capital Bailiffs, and their Sub-Bailiffs, enter upon their Office

E at

Milbome

Port

Ele&ioo.

H

at a Court Leet held in, and for> the said Borough Annually, and every Year, some Time within One Month after Michaelmas Day; and that Robert Baunton and Elias Oliver were, within a Month after Michaelmas 1773, appointed, by the Two Capital reigning Bailiffs then presiding, to be their Deputy Bailiffs for the Year ensuing, and were sworn into their Offices acfcord-ingly; and that, on the 3d last, a Precept,

under the Hand and Seal of John Old Ef-

quire. High Sheriff of the County of fur

electing of Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament, was delivered, by the Under Sheriff of the said County, to the said Robert Baunton and Elias , or One of them, they then being the Two Deputy Bailiffs of the said Borough; and the said Rabat Baunton and Elias Oliver, or One of them, proclaimed the Day of Election to be on the 10th October then next ensuing, and ligned several Notices in Writing of such Day of Election, which were Ituck up in the usual and most public Places within the said Borough; and that, at a Court Leet, held the 4th Ocloba, in and for the said Borough, and before the Day appointed for the said Election, the Capital reigning Bailiffs in Rotation; viz. the Reverend George Hutchings and Rabat Curtis came into Court, and appointed each their Deputy (that is to lay) John Newton the Younger, and John , Inhabitants

of the said Borough, who were then, at the said Court Leet, duly sworn into their Office; and that the said Newton and Peckham, being the only legal Deputy Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough for the Year ensuing, and as such entitled to preside at the said Election, did, on the 5th Oftoba, demand of the said Baunton and Oliva the said Precept, in order that they might preside and aft as returning Officers at the late Election; but which the said Baunton and Oliver refused to deliver j and that, pursuant to the Notices given by the said Baunton and Oliver, the said Election came on the 10th October, when the honourable ‘Temple Luitrell and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, and also Edward Walt a, Esquire, and Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Newton and Peckham, the new appointed Sub-Bailiffs, proceeded to act 4nd preside as Returning Officers at the said Election, and took the Poll of the legal Voters of the said Borough} and there appearing to be a Majority of legal Votes for the said ‘Temple L and Charles,

they the said Sub-Bailiffs made a Return accordingly of the said Temple Luitrell and Charles , being duly

elected as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and the Sheriff accepted the said Return j and that the said Baunton and Oliver also took One or more Polls at the said Election, and made Two separate Returns j viz. the said Oliver returned the said Temple Luitrell and Charles Wolfeley, and the said Baunton returned the said Edward Walter and Isaac Hawkins Bfdwne as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and both Return were received by the High Sheriff; and that the High Sheriff hath annexed all the said Three Returns to the Writ of Election for the County of Somerset; and that, the said Newton and Peckham being the legal Returning Officers for the said Borough at the said Election,. the Poll taken, and the Returns made, by the said Baunton and Oliva are illegal, and in Prejudice of the Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That all the said several Returns may be taken into Consideration by the House; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said Petition of Walter and Isaac

Hawkins Browne, Esquires, is ordered to be taken

into Consideration.

Memorandum

The following Notices and Orders were sent to

5

J. 1774.

the honourable Temple Luitrell, Charles,

Esquire, Edward Walter, Esquire, and Hawkins Browne, Esquire, and to the several Persons whose Names are subscribed to the last mentioned Petition, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the ibth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s lieign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament.

The honourable Temple Luitrell, and Charles

ley, Esquire, having, on the 6th Day of this Inffant December, presented their Petition; complaining, that at the late Election of Burgetfes to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Milbome Port, in the County of Somerset, the Petitioners, and Edward Walt a and Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Walter by himself, and the said Walter and Browne, by their respective Agents, after the Vacancy happened, and after die issuing of the Writ of Election, were severally guilty of bribing and corrupting, and attempting to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Right to vote at the said Election, in order to procure the said Mr. Walter and Mr. Browne to be elected, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Election came on, the xoth October last, before John Newton the Younger, and John Peckham, Deputy Sub-Bailiffs and legal Returning Officers of the said Borough j when there appeared, upon the Poll taken by them, a large Majority of legal Votes for the Petitioners j whereupon the said John Newton and John Peckham declared the Petitioners to be duly elected Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Under Sheriff for the County of Somerset, an Agent for Mr. Walter, and in the Interest of Mr. Walta and Mr. Browne, delivered the Precepts for the said Election to Rabat Baunton, One of the Sub-Bailiffs for the Year preceding; and he, and Elias Oliva, the other Sub-Bailiff, appointed the Election to be held the 10th Odoba, at which Time they the said Baunton and Oliver, differing in respect to their Right of presiding at the said Election, took separate Polls j and that, on the Polls taken by the said Elias Oliver and Robert Baunton, the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and were accordingly returned, by the said Oliver, as Burgesses to serve for the said Borough in Parliament; which Return was accepted by the Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, and by him annexed to the Precept; and that the said Robert Baunton, previous to and during his Office of a Sub-Bailiff, acted as Agent to Mr. Walter, and did bribe, and attempt to bribe, and influence, several Persons to vote in favour of Mr. Walter and Mr. Broivne; and did, in an arbitrary, illegal, and partial. Manner, reject; many Persons having a Blight, "and claiming, to vote for the Petitioners, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Walta and Mr. Browne, who had no Right of voting at the said Election, and made a separate Return to the said Sheriff, of the said Mr. Walter and Mr. Browne, as Burgesses to serve in Parliament, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights of Election for the . said Borough; which Return hath l>een received by the Sheriff, and annexed to the said Writ. And also, that several Persons, whose Names are subscribed to a Petition, being Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Milbome Port, paying Scot

6° Decembris,

16

Tideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Morpeth A Petition of several Freemen and Electors of the Elc£hon. Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Peter the honourable William Byron, Eyre, and Thomas

Charles Bigge, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, at the Close of the Poll, the said Peter and

William Byron had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, in the Judgment of the Returning Officers; and were declared, by Andrew Fenwick and Robert Cooper, Bailiffs of the said Borough (the proper Returning Officers) duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that the said Returning Officers were ^proceeding to return the said Peter Delmi and William . Byron accordingly, when a Multitude of disorderly Persons, armed with Sticks and other Weapons, assaulted the said Returning Officers in a riotous and outrageous Manner, and, by open Force and Violence, obliged them to return the said Francis Eyre, instead of the said William Byron, along with the said Peter;

whereby the Petitioners are deprived of One of their legal Representatives, and have haul another illegally imposed upon them: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Return; and that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, and such Punishment inflicted upon the Offenders, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum 1 .

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members, to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

fcleftionj. And several other Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House at the same Time; and Mr. Speaker having recommended to the House, to consider what was fit to be done upon that and limilar Occasions, and to establish some proper Order relative to the Method of delivering in the said Petitions;

Resolved, That, whenever more than One Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return for the fame, or for different,. Plages, shall, at the same Time,. be offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Counties, Cities, Boroughs, or Places, to which such Petitions shall relate, shall be written on several Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size; and the same Pieces of Paper shall be then rolled up, and put by the Clerk into a Glass, or Box, and then publicly drawn by the Clerk; and the said several Petitions shall be read in the Order in which the said Names shall be drawn respectively.

And several Petitions being accordingly delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Places, to which the said Petitions did relate, being accordingly put into a Glass; the same were drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

Hindon A Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Mellon. Bedford, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at

A. 1774.

the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioners, and Richard Smith, Esquire, and Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, stood Candidates; and that the said Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis, previous to and during the said Election, by themselves, and their Agents, were guilty of gross Bribery, in corrupting the Voters; and, by those and other illegal Practices, in Subversion of the Freedom of Election, and to the very great Prejudice of the Petitioners, did procure themselves to be returned Burgestes, to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, although the Petitioners were elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 27 th Day of next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s lieign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Dowatoa Cooper, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That, at the EleaoQ* last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts,

Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Dummer, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and Edward Poore,

Esquire, presided, and was the Returning Officer; and that, during the Course of the Poll, several Persons offered, and were allowed, to vote for the said Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Dummer, the Sitting Members, who had no Colour of Right; by which Means, a pretended Majority hath been procured in favour of the Sitting Members, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Dummer, by themselves, or their Agents, previous to and at the Poll, were guilty of Bribery, and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, and by such Means procured a colourable Majority on the Poll: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as shall appear to be just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be takeo into Consideration upon Tuesday the 31st Day of next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fcl, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Warrants,

6° Decembris.

Bristol

Election.

15 Geo. III.

6° Decenibris.

17

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, was read} Setting forth. That, on the 7th Day of last, an

Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament, for the City and County of the City of was

holden by virtue of His Majesty’s Writ for that Purpose, bearing Date on the ift Day of the said October, in the Guildhall of the said City, before John Durbin the Younger, Esquire, and James Hill, Esquire, Sheriffs of the said City and County; and that, at the said Election, the1 Petitioner, together with the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Vi (count Clare of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Henry Cruder the Younger, Esquire, and no other Persons, Were Candidates; and that 1 Poll was then and there demanded; and taken and proceeded upon, for the said Candidates respectively, imd the same was further adjourned to the following Day; and that, on the succeeding Day, being the 8th Day of the said October, the said Lord Viscount Clare declined proceeding on the said Poll; and the Petitioner having. On the said Eighth Day of , a

Majority of Votes, ought to have been declared duly elected, and to have been returned one of the Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City; iievertheless, Edmund Burke, Esquire, was, on the said Eighth Day of October, first named a Candidate for the said Election; and the said Sheriffs afterwards, on the 10th Day of October aforesaid, and not before, unjustly and illegally awarded a Poll to be taken for the said Edmund Burke, notwithstanding the Protestations of the Petitioner and many of the Electors to the contrary; and that, in order to influence the said Election, great Numbers of Persons were admitted to the Freedom of the said City, after the Date and issuing forth of the said Writ; and the same were, contrary to the antient Usages and Customs of the said City, by the Sheriffs aforesaid, illegally admitted to poll at the said Election, for the said Edmund Burke and Henry Cruder respectively, the said Sheriffs well knowing the Matters aforesaid, and that such Persons, by the Customs and Usages of the said City, had no Right to poll, having for that Reason let a Query against each of their Names respectively upon their Poll; and divers Persons, not legally admitted to their Freedom of the said City, nor having any Right to vote at the said Election, were, by the Sheriffs aforesaid, received to poll for the said Henry Cruder and Edmund Burke respectively; and, by Means of l'uch queried and such illegal Votes, a pretended Majority of Votes was made up, upon the Sheriff’s Poll, for them the said Henry and Edmund Burke;

whereas the Petitioner had a Majority of legal and undoubted Votes upon the Poll; and that the said Henry Cruger and Edmund Burke, by themselves and their Agents on their Behalf, and others by their Privity, and Direction, before and during the said Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and other illegal Practices, in order to influence the Electors for the said City to vote for them; and that, by the Means aforesaid, and by divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said Henry Cruger and Edmund Burke procured a Majority of Votes at the said Election; and also unduly and illegally caUied themselves to be returned by the Sheriffs aforesaid, as Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for tire l'ajd City; whereas the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as One of the Citizens to ferye in this present Parliament for the said City: And therefore praying the House, to take the several Matters aforesaid into their Consideration, and to grant him (bch Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet and competent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the- 3d Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

V o

v.

00*

A Petition of divers Persons whose Names are there- Ditto, unto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Burgessesof the City and County of the City of was also read;

Setting forth. That, on the 7th Day of October last, an EleCHon of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, pursuant to His Majesty’s Writ, bearing Date the ift Day of October, in the Year 1774, was holden in the Guildhall of the said City, before John Durbin the Younger, and James Hill,

Esquires, Sheriffs; and that, at the said Election, on the Day aforesaid, the Right honourable Robert Lord Viscount Clare of the Kingdom of Ireland, Matthew Esquire, and Henry Cruger the Younger, Esquire, and no other Persons, were declared Candidates for the said Election; and that a Poll was thereupon immediately demanded, and by the said Sheriffs awarded, for them and no other Person, and was forthwith proceeded upon; and, after being proceeded in, the said Poll was adjourned to the following Day, being the 8th Day of October aforesaid; and that, on the said 8th Day of October the said Robert Lord Viscount Clare declined proceeding further in the said Poll, or being a Candidate for the said Election; whereupon the said Matthew Brickdale,

Esquire, ought to have been returned one of the Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City aforesaid; and that, notwithstanding the fame, Edmund Burke, Esquire, was, on the said 8th Day of October, declared a Candidate for the said Election, and a Poll was then demanded for him; and the Sheriffs aforesaid,* contrary to Law, proceeded to take a Poll for the said Edmund Burke, Esquire; and that great Numbers of Persons, admitted to their Freedom after the Date and issuing forth of the said Writ of Summons to Parliament, and also great Numbers of Persons not lawfully or duly admitted to the Freedom of the said City, and also divers Persons having no Right to vote at the said Election, '

were, by the Sheriffs aforesaid, admitted to poll at the said Election, whereby a Majority of pretended Votes was made out, upon the Poll aforesaid, for the said Henry Cruger and Edmund Burke, Esquires; and by Means thereof, and of divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said Henry Cruger and Edmund Esquires, procured a Majority of Votes, and caused themselves to be returned, by the Sheriffs aforesaid, as Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City; whereas the aforesaid Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, had a great Majority of legal and undoubted Votes upon the said Poll, and ought, for the Reasons aforesaid, to have been returned One of the Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem tneet and competent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the xoth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, was read; N«w Radnor Setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Member Westion. to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New,

F in

Ik-

borchester

Election.

lS 6° Decembris. A. 1774.

in the County of Radnor, the Petitioner and John Lewis, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly elected, by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but Edward Hunt, Bailiff of the said Borough, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved himself with the greatest Partiality in favour of the said John Lewis> by rejecting the Votes of several Persons, who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting, on the Poll, for the said John Lewis, the Votes of several Persons, who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected i whereby, and by many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices of the said John Lewes, and of the said Edward Hunt, as well previous to, as at and in relation to, the said Election, the said John Lewes hath procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors for the said Borough of New Radnor, and its contributory Boroughs: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Con federation, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem njeet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Tuesday the 7th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Anthony Chapman, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, John Darner, Esquire, William Ewer, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, in the Course of the said Election, Richard Cojens, Gentleman, Mayor of the said Town, acting as Returning Officer of the said Borough, unlawfully and unduly admitted divers Persons to vote for the said John Darner and William Ewer, who were not qualified to vote at such Election; and likewise rejected divers Persons, who tendered their Votes, and would have voted, for the Petitioner; and the said Rickard Cojens, in other Re-spedts, behaved partially in favour of the said John Darner and William Ewer; by reason whereof, the said John Darner and William Ewer were returned as duly elected for the said Borough, notwithstanding the Petitioner had a Majority ot legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House will take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration, and make such Order therein as the House shall think just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 10th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties*, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Pe-7 *

tirion was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Alexander Popham and John Halliday, T* on ton Esquires, was read; Setting forth. That the Honourable Eie&an. Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webby Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, which began on Monday the 10th Day of October 1774; and that the said Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webb, by themselves and Agents, previous to and during the said Election, were guilty of Bribery and other illegal and corrupt Practices, and made use of undue Influence, in order to procure themselves to be elected; and that John Re~ berts, Esquire, then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, by several unnecessary Adjournments, in Defiance of the Petitioners express Dissent thereto, and other Delays, protradled and kept open the Poll, from the said ioch Day of Oflobei, to the 18th Day of the same Month; and arbitrarily and partially admitted many Persons, who had no Right of Voting, to poll for the said Eduard Stratford and Nathaniel Webb; and rejected the Votes of many other Persons, duly qualified to vote, who offered and tendered their Votes for th# Petitioners; and that the said John Roberts hath made an undue and false Return of the said Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webb, in manifest Wrong of the Pc* titiotjers, who had a considerable Majority of good and legal Votes over both the said Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webb, and ought in Justice to have been returned as Members to represent the said Borough in tbit present Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Francis Folaqniery Esquire, Charles Dim* Tripp, Joftah Peacock, George Williams, George M*f~ grave, Thomas Grove, Thomas Pope, John Clitfome9 Apothecary, and others. Inhabitants of, and Electori of Members to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of

Taunt on, in the County of Somerset, in Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants and Electors of the same Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That Alexander Popham and John Holliday, Esquires, and the Honourable Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webby Esquire, were Candidates at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which began on Monday the 10th Day of October 1774; and that the said Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webby by themselves and Agents, were guilty of Bribery and other illegal and corrupt Practices at the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be elected; and that John Roberts, Esquire, then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough (to which Office he had, to answer Election Purposes, procured himself to be appointed) did, by several unnecessary Adjournments and other Delays, protradl and keep open the Poll, from the said 10th Day of October, to the 18th Day of the fame.

Month; and arbitrarily and partially admitted many Persons, who had no Right of Voting, to poll for the said Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webb; and refilled and rejected the Votes of many other Persons, well and duly qualified to vote, who offered and tendered their Votes for the said Alexander Popham and John Holliday; and that the said John Roberts hath made an undue and false Return of the said Edward Stratford and Nathaniel Webb, although the said Alexander Popham and John Halliday were duly elected by a great Majority of good and legal Votes, and ought in Justic#

to

15 Geo. III.

6° Decembris.

19

to have been returned as Members to represent' the said Borough in this present Parliament, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, And grant such Relief therein as to the Hduffc shall feerh meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the lad preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum .*

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and

Ditto;

who voted for the said Charles James Fox and James Hare, taking upon himself to declare, " That the 4‘ Right of Election for the said Borough was in Per-<c fons having a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying <c a Burgage Rentand that many of the Petitioners not having Burgage Tenures (and many others who had, but who disclaimed the Right of Voting to be in Burgage Tenures) offered their Votes as Inhabitants, Householders; all which the said Mayor rejected, and took upon hrimself, in an arbitrary and illegal Manner, to determine the Right of Election: and that, upon the

Ponrefraft

Election.

n th Years of H\s pTefent Majesty’sReign, to .^feid Mayor’s calling up of the Poll Books after the ~ ~ ‘ ' same were closed, there appeared to be a Majority of

122 legal Votes upon the Poll for the said Charles James Fox and James Hare; notwithstanding which, he thought proper to reject all those who voted as Inhabitants, Householders; and therefore did partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, and to the utter Subversion of the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, return the said Sir John Goodricke and Charles Melli/h; by which the Pe-titidrters are greatly aggrieved, the Right of Election for the said Borough Subverted, and the Constitution of the said Borough annihilated: And therefore praying. That, as their Freedom of Election hath been taken away, and manifestly violated, by the above Measures ufea by the said Mayor, the House will take the Pre-miles into Consideration, and restore to them and others. Inhabitants and Householders of the said Borough, their Rights as Electors of chusing their own Members, and give the Petitioners such other Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament* the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members TO serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, wtfre sent to the Tardies; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, Their Ccfunfel, or Agents^ at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker d6 issue his Warrant-, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Honourable Charles James Fox, and James Hare, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Poutefraft, in the County of York, Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Charles Mellish, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners had a very great Majority of Person9 legally qualified to vote (by the Constiturion of the said Borough ;) but Mr* William Cockell, the Mayor and Returning Officer, rejected all those Persons who voted for the Petitioners, without any good Reason assigned, or just Exception taken, either by the Sitting Members, their Agents, or himself, notwithstanding the y claimed their Rights of voting under the Faith of the Statutes made in Confirmation thereof; anfd that, upon the Close of the Poll, the Mayor returned the said Sir John Goodricke and Charles Mellish, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Electors, and bfthe Statutes confirming the fame, as well as to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House wiU take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as they shall appear to merit, and to do further therein as to their Justice and Judgment shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Pontejraft, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth. That, on the 10th Day of October last; the Election came on, for Two Burgesses to serve rn this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, rn the County of York; and that Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, Charles Mellish, Esquire, the Honourable Charles James Fox, and James Hare, Esquire, were Candidates at the said Election; and that Mr. Cockell, (Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough) a known Friend of the Sitting Members, presided at she fold Election; who, at the Beginning of the Poll, declared his Resolution to return according to the an-tier.t Usage and Custom; and that the Petitioners, and many others legally qualified by the Constitution of the said Borough (the Right of voting being in the Inhabitants* Householders, Refiants, only) voted for the said Charles James Fox and James Hare, Esquire, by which they had a great Majority of legal Votes, aqa ought to have been returned; but the said Mayor lejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and divers others V01.. 35.

A Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was Candidate at the lati Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and was duly chosen to represent the said Borough, and ought to have been returned; and that John Mayor, Esquire, who was then High Sheriff of the said County of Berks, was also a Candidate at the said Election; and that, at the Place of Election, and before the taking of the Poll, the Mayor of the said Borough, and the other Electors, were publicly told, that, as the said John Mayor was then High ^Sheriff of the said County, he was incapable of being chosen a Member to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, and that all Votes given for the said High Sheriff would be thrown away; notwithstanding which, the Mayor of the said Borough did himself vote, and also received the Votes of divers other Persons, for the said High Sheriff; and that the said High Sheriff hath returned himself as duly elected for the said Borough, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who, being the only Candidate capable of being elected, ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as they shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration

Abingdon

Elefbon.

£6 6° Decenibris. 1774.

deration upon Tuesday the 21st Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and' nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Shrew (bury A Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, was read;

Election. Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town of in the County of Salop, Robert Lord Clive in the Kingdom of Ireland, Charlton Leighton, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Mayor, who was a Returning Officer, in Violation of the Duty of his Office, did admit the Votes of many Persons for the said Lord Clive and Charlton Leighton, which he ought to have rejected, and refused the Votes of many Persons for the Petitioner, which he ought to have admitted; and by that Means stated a Majority in favour of the said Lord Clive and Charlton Leighton, upon the Face of the Poll; and, in consequence thereof, made a Return in favour of the said Lord Clive and Charlton , although

the Petitioner would have had a very great Majority if Justice had been done to him; and that many illegal Methods were practised by the said Lord Clive and Charlton Leighton, and their Agents, in order to induce various Persons to give their Votes in their Favour, or to withhold their Votes from the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into C011-sideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as Hi all be reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,

' or Agents, at. the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Kingston- A Petition of the honourable Thomas Shirley, was upoo Hull read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Mem-

Ek&ion. bers to serve in Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Right honourable Lord Robert Manners, "David Hartley, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; ^nd that, prior to and during the said Election, the said David Hartley, and divers other Persons on his Behalf and by his Direction, did, by giving Money and other Rewards, by Promises of Money, and other Rewards, and by Threats and other unwarrantable Proceedings, prevail upon several Persons to promise, and who did give, their Votes for the said David Hartley, who otherwised intended to have voted for the Petitioner; and that Ralph Darling, Gentleman, the then Sheriff of the said Town, was the Returning Officer at the said

Election; and that he admitted several Persons, not qualified to vote at the said Election, to poll for the said Mr* Hartley, and refused the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner; and that, during the whole of the Poll, the said Sheriff shewed flagrant Partiality to the said Mr. Hartley; and refused to permit a Scrutiny, notwithstanding he had promised it, and which the Petitioner and his Friends repeatedly requested, because it was notorious that the Poll Books differed from each other, and that his (the said Sheriff’s) own Book was particularly erroneous; and that, by the arbitrary, partial, and illegal. Proceedings of the said Sheriff, and by Means of Bribery and other corrupt and unfair Practices of the said Mr. Hartley and his Agents, a Return was procured in his Favour, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, who had a greater Number of legal Votes than the said Mr. Hartley, and ought to have been returned, in his stead, as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Philip Yorke and Francis Cust, Esquires, Helftoa* was read; Setting forth, That, on the Eleventh Diy bkdioo. of October last, the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Helstone, in the County of Cornwall, came on; and the Right honourable Francis Godolphin OJbornt, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, Francis Owen, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were proposed as Candidates; and that Richard , an Alderman of the said Borough, had a Right to preside at the said Election, and was the proper Returning Officer; and that the Poll was duly taken before him; and that an unqucftionable Majority of the lawful Freemen of the Borough, who alone had Voices in the said Election, voted for the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and rightfully returned by the said Richard Johns to John Price, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County of Cortnvall; who received the said Return, and undertook to transmit the same into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, as he ought in Justice to have done; notwithstanding which, the said John Price, contrary to the Duty of his Office, hath neglected to annex the said Return to his Writ of Election, and the same still remains in his Custody or Power; and that, under Colour of a Royal Charter obtained but a short Time before the said Election, and attempted to be imposed upor* several of the ancient, and now subsisting, Members of the Corporation of Helstone against their Consent, John Rogers unlawfully took upon himself to act as Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, although a Majority of the existing Members of the said Corporation opposed the passing of the said Charier in every Stage of its Progress, and have not accepted, but on the contrary have absolutely rcjecterl, and still reject, and refuse to act under the fame; and that, under the fame

ie

22 6° Decemhris. A. 1774.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition*

Bedford A Petition of Samuel Whitbread, of Cardington, in the

E left ion. County of Bedford, Esquire, and John Howard, of the same Place, Esquire, was read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and Sir William Wake, of Courtenhall, in the said County of Northampton, Baronet, and Robert Sparrow, of Worlingham, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election of Members to forve in Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, which Election began on Wednesday the 12th Day of October 1774; and that the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow, by themselves or Agents, were guilty of Bribery, and other illegal and corrupt Practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected and returned at the said Election; and that the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow found Means to attach to their Interest John Cawne, John Rose, and Thomas Howard\ the Returning Officers of the said Borough, who acted very partially and arbitrarily during the Course of the Poll, admitting great Numbers to poll for the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow, who had no Right to vote; and rejeding the Votes of great Numbers Who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and whom they ought in Justice to have received; and that the said Returning Officers, after having queried the Votes of a great Number of Persons that ought to be and were admitted on the Poll, in an illegal and arbitrary Manner, rejected their Votes, in order to give a colourable Majority to the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow; and that the Petitioners had a large and undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and were duly elected, and ought so have been returned Members for the said Borough, but nevertheless the said John Cawne, John Rose, and Thomas Hozvard, returned the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrozv as being duly elected, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and i:i Violation of the Freedom of Elcdion: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Friday the 10th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto. A Petition of divers Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Housholders of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and Eledors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and other Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Housholders of Bedford, was also read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, which began on Wednesday the 12th Day of October One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, John Howard, Esquire, Sir William Wake, Baronet, and Robert Sparrow, Esquire, Were Candidates; and that the Mayor, Aldermen, and other Officers of the said Borough, having, previous to the said Election, got a Majority of pretended Eledors of the said Borough, under their own Influence, with a View and Design to render the fending Members to Parliament for the said Borough subservient to the Will and Pleasure of the Corporation, wickedly and corruptly made several Offers to one or more Person or Persons, to procure him or them to be elected for the said Borough, in Confederation of a large Sum of Money to be paid to them; and that John Cawne, John Rose, and Thomas Howard, the Returning Officers of the said Borough, being determined, at all Events, to return the fti4 Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrotv to represent the said Borough in Parliament, were, previous to, and during the whole Course of, the said Election, guilty of tlivers Cofiiipf, partial, and illegal* Practices, in or*

K

der to obtain a Majority for the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow; and that the said Returning Officers not only admitted great Numbers to vote for the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow, who had no Right to vote, but rejected great Numbers who actually did vote for the said Samuel Whitbread and John Howard, and who had an undoubted Right, and always had voted at all former Elections; whereby they obtained a Majority for the said Sir William Wake and Robert Sparrow, and returned them accordingly, although the said Samuel Whitbread and John Howard had a very large Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves greatly injured by the said Election and Return, and the Measures pursued for procuring the fame, by which they are unjustly superseded in their Franchise, their Right of Election is in a Manner annihilated, and the Petitioners are, in Effect, deprived of chusing their own Members, and instead thereof have others imposed upon them whom they have not chosen, and can have no adequate Redress but from this House: And therefore praying. That their Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief as the Justice of their same shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, on Behalf of himself, and of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, now in the Island of Saint Christopher's, was read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, Sir Patrick Blake, Baroner, Thomas Formereau, Esquire, Phifip Champion Crefpigny, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crefpigny, and also by other Persons in their Interest, in order to procure a colourable Majority for them the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crefpigny-, and particularly that Money was given by the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crefpigny, or their Agents, by way of Bribe or Reward, to sundry Persons who did vote at the said Election; and to several other Persons Threats and Menaces, and other undue Means, were made use of, to induce them to refuse or forbear to give their Votes; and that William Strut, Mayor and Returning Officer, acted before the Poll with great Partiality and Unfairness, and at the Poll illegally rejected a great Number of Voters who tendered their Voices for SirjPatrick Blake and the Petitioner, admitting several Persons for the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crefpigny, who had no other Title to the Fran-chises of the said Borough than those had who were rejected on the Part of Sir Patrick Blake and the Petitioner, and moreover admitting several others for the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crefpigny, who were not legally qualified to give their Voices; and by these, and other arbitrary, illegal, and corrupt. Proceedings, the

Sudbury

Electioa.

Ditto.

15 Geo. III. 6° Decemm. 23

salt! Mayor contrived to leave upon the Poll, taken under his Direction, a pretended Majority in favour of the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. in Violation

of the Rights of the legal Electors, to the flagrant Infringement of the Freedom of Elections, and in Prejudice to Sir Patrick Blake and the Petitioner, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and the Petitioner therefore submits, that a due Return hath not been made for the said Borough: And praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as the Nature of the same requires, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of Marchntxt, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Electors for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of , whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of Burgesses to l'crve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, Sir Walden Haunter, Baronet, ‘Thomas Fanner east, Esquire, and Philip Champion Ef-

quire, were Candidates; and that many indirect and Unwarrantable P raft ices were made use of, by the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Cr and also by other Persons attached to their Interest, in order to procure for them the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crejpigny a colourable Pretence to be returned for the said Borough; and, in particular, that Money was given by the said two last mentioned Candidates, or their Agents, by way of Bribe or Reward, to Persons who did vote at the said Election; and that Threats and Menaces, and other undue Means, Were made use of, to several others, who claimed a Right of voting, in order to induce them to refuse, or to forbear, to give their Voices; and that William Strut, Mayor and Returning Officer,

acted before the Poll both unfairly and corruptly, and at the Pol) did'take upon him to reject a great Number of legal Voters (among whom were many of the Petitioners) who tendered their Voices for Sir Patrick Blake and Sir Walden Hamer, and had been for many Years in the Possession and Exercise of their Rights, to the Knowledge of the said Mr. Strut and of the said Mr. Fonnereau, in whose Favour, and at whose Request, many of them had heretofore frequently polled; and that the said William Strut admitted, for the said Mr. Fonnereau and Mr. Crefpigny, many Persons whose Claim to the Franchises of the said Borough flood in the same Predicament as the Right of those who were rejected as aforesaid, and moreover allowed several others to poll, who were not legally qualified so to do; and that, in consequence of such partial and illegal Proceedings, the said M r. Fonnereau and Mr. Crejpigny have been declared duly elected; but the Petitioners submit, that they are thereby deprived, as far as lies in him the said William Strut, of their undoubted Right to be repre-fented in Parliament by Sir Patrick Blake and Sir Walden Hamer, who had a fair Majority in their Favour, and ought in Justice to have been returned: And therefore, the Rights of the Petitioners being upon this Occasion highly injured, and the Freedom of Elections

frossly violated, praying, That the Houfo will take the ‘remifes into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

InpurfuancebkTwo Acts, nude in the 10th and nth Years-of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the1 Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for Voa. 35.

their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffile his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Henry Watkin Dashtvood, Esquire, was Wilton, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner and William _. "f* Norton, Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election for e on' a Member to serve' in Parliament for the District of the Boroughs of Wigton, Whitethorn, , wnd

Stranraer, in Scotland, which Election was had on Monday the 31st Day of QHober 1774; and that, at the said Election, the Delegates for the Boroughs of Wtgton, Whitethorn, and Stranraer, duly chosen and appointed for those three Boroughs, met at Newga/hway, the presiding Borough; and that Alexander,

Esquire, chosen and appointed Delegate for the Borough of Newgalloway, absented himself from the said Election, having pretended to resign the Office of Delegate; and that John Newall, Esquire, pretending so have been duly chosen Delegate for the said Borough of NewgaJ-loway, upon such pretended Resignation of the said Alexander Ferguffon, Esquire, was admitted to vote, and accordingly voted for the said William Norton, Esquire; but the Petitioner having had the Votes of the Delegates for the Boroughs of Wigton and Whitethorn at the Election aforesaid (and the said William Norton the Vote'of the legal Delegate for the Borough of Stranraer only, the pretended Delegate John Esquire* not

having any legal Authority to vote at such Election) had thereby a Majority of legal Votes; notwithstanding which, the said William Norton has been returned as the Bnrgefs duly elected to serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District of Boroughs, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Council, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue' his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and Pool* John Williams, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That BleAion. on the 11th Day of October last, the Election of Two BurgclTes to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, came on; and that the honourable Sir Eyre Coote, Knight of the Bath, Joshua Mauger, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that John Scaplets , Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer of the said Borough, a known Friend of the Sitting Members, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members; and that the Petitioners, knowing the Right of Election for the said Borough and County, as well by the general Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, to be in the Inhabitants and

Householdere

24 6° Decembris. . 1774.

Householders within the same, paying Scotland bearing Lot, only polled such, and had a great Majority of Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said Sheriff rejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and took upon hi rul'd f to declare that the Right of Election was in the Burgesses of the said Borough exclusively; and that, the Votes of the Petitioners being thus illegally rejected, on calling up the'Poll there appeared a Majority of Votes in favour of the said Sir Coote and Joshua Monger; and therefore the said Sheriff did, partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, return the said Sir Eyre Coote and Joshua Mauger, whereas the Number of Votes for the said Petitioners would have far exceeded the Number of thos? for the said Sir Eyre Coote and Joshua Monger, had the Petitioners; Votes not been rejected: And therefore praying the House will take . the Premises into Confederation, and give them such Relief as to them shall feeavjmeet. ....

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the' 21st Day of March next, vat Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Poole A Petition of several Persons whole Names are there-Election. subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders

(and also paying Scot, and bearing Lot) within the Borough and County of the Town of , in Behalf of themselves, and others, in like Manner, Inhabitants an^. Householders within the same, was also read; Setting forth. That, on the 1 ith Day of October last, the jdeftion of Two Burgesses to l'erve in this present Parliament for the said Borough came on; and that the honourable Sir Eyre Coote, Knight of the Bath, Joshua Mauger, Esquire, the honourable Charles James Fox, and Jokn Williams, Esquire, were Candidates; and that John Sc often. Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer of the said Borough, a known Friend of the Sitting Members, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members; and that the Petitioners, and many others, duly Qualified, as well by the general Laws and Customsof the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough> being Inhabitants and Householders within the feme (and also paying Scotl and bearing Lot) offered to give their Votes in favour of the hqnourable Charles James Fox and John Williams, Esquire; but were rejected and prevented by the said John he taking upon himself arbitrarily and illegally to decide and declare, that the Right of Election was in the Burgesses of tie said Borough exclusively; and that, the Votes of the Petitioners, and many others in the fanoe Interest,- being thus illegally rejected, on calling up the Poll, there appeared a Majority of Votes in favour of the said Sir Eyre Coote and Joshua Mauger j and therefore the said Sheriff did, partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, return the said Sir Eyre Coote and Joshua Mauger, whereas the Number of Votes for the said Charles James Fox and John Williams would have far ^exceeded the Number of, those for the said Sir Eyre Coote and Joshua Mauger, had ,the Petitioners, and many others, claiming a Right to vote, ,not been rejected: And therefore praying. That, as their Freedom of Election hath been taken away, and manifestly violated by the above Measures used by the said Sheriff, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and restore to them, and others, in like Manner, the Inhabitants and Householders within the said Borough and County, their Rights as EleClors, of choosing their own Members, and give the Petitioners such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the fern® Time that the last preceding Pe--titiqp is ordered tq be taken into Consideration. ijT Memorandum: , .

s| In puyfuance of Two AdjS, made in the 10th and t ith Teats of His present Majesty’s Reign, to _.. regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or

r..; Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into ConGde-ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Hans.Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, was Shaftelbuj read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election for Eleaig*. Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset,

Francis Sykes and Thomas Rumbold’, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and, previous to the Poll, the said Francis Sykes and Thomas Rumbold, by themselves, and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Francis Sykes and Thomas Rumbold, and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Francis Sykes and Thomas Rumbold, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Righta and Privileges of the said Borough; and that the Returning Officer, during the Course of the Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members who were not duly qualifled, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons, who tendered their Votes in favour of the Petitioner; and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives, he had a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes, at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present. Majesty’s Reign, to regulate-the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices^ as in the former Cafes, were sent to thq Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agpnts, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such -Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Burke and IJeury Kelly, Efe Halle mere quires, was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, Eleaion. and Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, and Sir Merrick

Burrell, Baronet, flood Candidates, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey; and that the Bailiff of the said Borough, who acted as Returning Officer at the said Election, admitted several Persons to vote for the said Mr. Molyneux and Sir Merrick Burrell, who had no Right so to do; and the said Mr. Molyneux and Sir Merrick Burrell, by themselves,. and their Agents, were guilty of divers undue and illegal Practices, in order to procure themselves to be returned as chosen at the said Election; and the said Thomas More Molyneux and Sir Merrick Burrell are returned Burgesses for the said

15 Geo. III. <S° — 7* D 15

said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners^ who were duly elected the Representatives of the said Borough, by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought 'to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Redress therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Cohfi-deration upon Tuesday the 28th Day of March next, at Ditto. Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth. That the said Borough is a. Borough by Prescription, and thedRight of Election of Burgelfe? to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by the Resolutions of the House, is declared to be in the Inhabitant Freeholders of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, lying within the Borough and Maeor of Haslemere, whether the same pay Rent to the Lord of the said Borough and Manor, or not, exclusive of any Lands or Tenements, which are, or have been, Parcel of the Waste Ground of the said Borough and Manor, or any Messuages or Buildings, which are, or shall be, {landing or being thereon; and that of late Years the Practice of splitting and dividing Freeholds within the said Borough, for Election Purposes, hath prevailed to so great a Degree, that, if the same is not remedied* and effectually prevented for the future, the Privileges and Franchises of the Petitioners will be destroyed, and the ancient and true Constitution of the said Borough totally lubverted* and that, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, William Burke, Esquire, Henry Kelly, Esquire, 'Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, were Candidates* and at the said Election, great Innovations were made on the ancient and true Right of Election of the said Borough, and a great Number of Persons admitted to vote for the said Mr. Molyneux and Sir Merrick by the Bailiff and

Returning Officer of the said Borough, in respect of Freeholds illegally split and divided and several Persons who were not Inhabitants of the said Borough, others who were not Freeholders, others whose pretended Freeholds were Parcel of the Waste Ground of the said Borough and Manor, others whose Freeholds do not lie within the said Borough and Manor, and several Persons receiving Alms, were admitted, by the said Bailiff, to vote for the said Mr. Molyneux and Sir Merrick Burrell, at the said Election, contrary to the Right of Election of the said Borough, and in Violation of the Rights, Privileges, and Franchises, of the Petitioners, and other the legal Voters of the said Borough and although Mr.’ Burke And Mr. Kelly had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned Burgesses for the said Borough, yet the said Bailiff hath returned the said Mr. Molyneux and Sir Merrick Burrell, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Redress therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That Mr. Sjreaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy y° die De. ;'

Anno r5* Georgii III*" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

MR. Treasurer of the Household reported to the Addrest , Hoyfe, that His Majesty having been waited on the upon, purfyant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to KiD*’‘sP*ch» know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read *

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Kia|., Spefch Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted Supply, to His Majesty *

Resolved, That this House* will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

: Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House *

The same were delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions did relate, being written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and rolled up and put into a Glals, were drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order *

A Petition of James Francis Eof Forrejl, Ef- Clackmannan quire, was read Setting forth, That at the Election Election, of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the County of Clackmannan, Colonel Ralph Abercrombie and the Petitioner were the only Candidates; and that the said Colonel Ralph Abercrombie has been returned as the Person duly elected to lerve in Parliament as Representative for the said County, notwithstanding that he the said Colonel Ralph Abercrombie was absolutely difqua-lified and ineligible to represent the aforesaid County* and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election and that the Election and Return of the said Colonel Ralph Abercrombie was brought about by undue Influence, by various illegal and unwarrantable Acts and Proceedings; and therefore that the Petitioner ought to have been returned as the Commissioner duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said County: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises under their Consideration, and to give him Fuch Redress as the Circumstances of his same shall merit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 31st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties* accompanied with Orders for H their

7° Decetnbris. A. 17 74.

their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, . or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

-A. Petition of Daniel Campbell, of Shawfield, Esquire, Ejection. was reacj . setsing forth, That, at the Election of a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the County of Lanark, the Petitioner, and Andrew Stuart, Esquire, were the only Candidates; and that the said Andrew Stuart has been returned as the Person duly elected to serve as Representative in Parliament for the said County, notwithstanding that the said Andrew Stuart was absolutely disqualified and ineligible to represent the said County; and besides, the Petitioner, as he apprehend?, had the Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and for these Reasons ought to have been returned as the Commissioner duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said' County: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises under their Consideration, and permit him to be heard thereon, by his Counsel; and to give him such Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Ttiefday the 4th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide-tation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

St. Tves A Petition of Samuel Stephens, Esquire, was read;

Election. Setting forth. That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Esquire,

Son of Humphrey Mackworth Praed, of near the said Borough, Esquire, Adam Drummond, Esquire, Arthur Holdsworth, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Can-

dictates; and that the said William Praed, Humphrey Mackworth Praed, his Father, Adam Drummond, and their Agents, previous to, and during, the said Election, did give and lend several large Sums of Money to several of the Voters of the said Borough, who had or claimed a Right to vote at the said Election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said William Praed, and the said Adam Drnmmmtd at the said Election; and the said William Praed, Adam Drummond, and their Agents, by other Ways and Means, were guilty of notorious Bribery and Corruption at the said Election; and that the Returning Officer at the said Election was guilty of great Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members, by admitting Persons to poll who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and in rejecting several ryho had a Right to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that, by these and other undue Means, the said William Praed and Adam Drummond obtained a small Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Law: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and S

grant him-such Relief as upon Examination shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 7th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Bo- Ditto, rough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Electors of the said Borough, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, William Praed, Esquire, Son of Humphrey Mackworth Praed, of 'Trevetho, near the said Borough, Esquire, Adam Drummond, Esquire, Arthur Esquire, and SamtBU Stephens, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said William Praed, Humphrey Mackworth Praed, his Father, Adam Drummond, and their Agents, previous to, and during, the said Election, did give and lend several large Sums of Money to several of the Voters of the said Borough, who had or claimed a Right to vote at the said Election, in order to corrupt and procure them to vote for the said William Praed and Adam Drummond, at the said Election; and the said William Praed, Adam Dntmmond, anti their Agents, by other Ways and Means, were guilty of notorious Bribery and Corruption at the said Election; and that, by these and other undue Means, a small Majority of Votes were procured for the said William Praed and Adam Drummond upon the Poll, and they were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, contrary to the Sense, and in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, and many others, of the Inhabitants of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as shall upon Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Sir Alexander of North

Baronet, was read; Setting forth. That, at the Election Berwick, of a Member to represent the Boroughs of North - E1^y0B wick, Haddington, Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dmibar, at North Berwick, the presiding Burgh of the District for the Time, on Monday the Jift of October last, Corn-millions were produced in favour of Persons named as Delegates for the several Burghs; and Esquire, of Gilmortown, appeared, and claimed a Vote, as having been the Person duly elected Delegate for the Burgh of Haddington, though a Commission had been made out in favour of R Burton, Esquire, Provost of Haddington i and accordingly he gave his Vote at the Election, under Protest; and that the Delegates producing Commissions - from the Burgh of Haddington, Lauder, and Jedburgh, voted for the honourable John Maitland, Clerk o( the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the Delegates from North Berwick and Dunbar voted for the Petitioner, for whom likewise Mr. Kinloch gave his Vote, under Protest, and the Delegate for North Berwick also gave his

calling

i e Geo. III. 7° — 8° Decembfis-. 27

‘carting Vote, in case of an Equality, for the Petitioner; and that Mr. Maitland has been returned a Member of Parliament for these Boroughs, in consequence of this Election; and that the Petitioner apprehends be is the Person duly elected for this District of Boroughs, which induces him to make the present Application for Re-dress; and the Petitioner apprehends that Mr. Maitland is incapable of representing this District of Burghs, or fitting as a Member in the Parliament of Great Britain, by virtue of the Statute 6* Ann. Chap. 7. Sec. 25. his Office of Clerk of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland having been created or erected since the 25th October 1705; and that, besides tlm, the Two Commissions for the Boroughs of Haddington and Jedburgh, granted to Mr. Burton and Mr. Hogg, as their Delegates, were granted by Persons who were legally incapable to elect a Delegate, having no Right themselves to the Offices theyafifumed in the said Boroughs, and the said Commissions were procured by Bribery, Corruption, and undue Influence; ar^l if there were any Persons entitled to elect a Delegate for the Burgh of Haddington, David Kinloch was the Person duly elected, and his Vote only was a good Vote; and that, in consequence of these and many other Objections to the Election of Mr. Maitland, it will appear that the Petitioner is the Person duly elected for the said District of Boroughs: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to allow the Petitioner to be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Return, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feera just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the nth Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto’' A Petition of Andrew Dickson, Esquire, John Dickson, Esquire, Andrew Lawson, Esquire, Patrick Gray, Deacon of the Weavers, John Young, Deacon of the Hammermen, Thomas Pringle, Deacon of the Skinners, Robert Cunningham, Crafts Counsellor, and John Hutchison,

Deacon of the Fleshers, all Members of the Town Council of the Burgh of Haddington, at Michaelmas 1774: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of North Berwick, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the said Burgh: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Dunbar, in Behalf of themselves,-and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the said Burgh,

Were also read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the aforesaid Petition of Sir Alexander Gilmour, of , Baronet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said Petition of Sir Alexander Gilmour, of Craigmiller, Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 35.

Jovis, 8® die }

Anno 15® Georgii IIIril Regis; 1774. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday; with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this mod. gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return You My particular Thanks, for this very loyal and dutiful Address. I receive with the highest Satisfaction and Approbation your AflurancdS of Assistance and Support, in maintaining the Supreme Authority of the Legislature over all the Dominions of My Crown. It shall be My Care to justify, by My Con-dud:, the Confidence you so affectionately express, and to shew that I have no Interests separate from those of My People.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the Twenty-seventh Day of February next.

The House was moved, That the Orders made upon Tuesday lad, for taking into Consideration, upon that Day Fortnight, the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election, and double Return, for the Bof&ugh of Milborne Port, in the County of might be

read.

And the same being read accordingly -,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 20th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their'Attendance accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Jacob Henry Suwe, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Captain Shuldham do prepare, and brir.g in, the fame.

A Petition of Thomas Homer, Norton Knatchbull, and Levi Ames, Esquires, John Paget, Clerk, William Norman, Samuel Norman, Joseph Brown, and Richard Charmbury, and others whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Parishes of Doulting and

Stoke

Addrefi on the King’s Speech.

Private

Bills.

Milborne

Port

Election.

Supply.

Suwe’*

Nat.

Mendip

tec.

Inclosure.

28 86 Decembris. A. 1774.

U. ‘ t

*/»/ Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset, a large Open Uncultivated Common, or Tratd of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, adjoining together, and containing by Admeasurement and that the Freeholders and Owners of Lands or Tenements within the said Parishes have, in respect of such Lands or Tenements, a Right of Common in, over, and upon, the said Common, or Trad of Ground; and that the said "Thomas Horner is Patron of the Re dory and Parish Church of Doulting, to which the Parish Church of Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, is annexed, and Impropriator of, and intitled unto, the Great Tythes within the said Parishes, and is also Lord of the Manor of Doulting, great Part whereof is situate within the said Parish of Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane $ and the said John Paget is Vicar of the said Parish Church of Doulting, with the said Parish Church of Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, annexed $ and that the Petitioners are possessed of, or intitled unto, more than Six Parts in Seven of the said Common, or Trad of Ground; and that the fame, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement; and that it will be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed, and hlfo of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fame, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips, Mr. Hippijley Coxe, and Mr. Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House;

The same were delivered in, at the Table; and the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions did relate, being written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and rolled up and put into a Glass, were drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

Stirling, A Petition of Sir Alexander Gilmour, Baronet, was kwt reacU Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a lon’ Member to serve in Parliament for the District of the Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dumfermline, Cul-rofs, and Queensferry, held at Dumfermline, the presiding Borough, on Monday the 31st Day of October last, the Petitioner, and Archibald Campbell, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Commissioners attended from all the Boroughs of the District, and produced their Commissions; and that, besides the said Commissioners, John Wilson, Junior, the Commissioner duly elected for the Borough of Dumfermline, Sebafian Swinton. Senior, the Commissioner duly elected for the Borough of Inverkeithing, and James Bunked, pretending to be Commissioner for the Borough of Queensferry, attended at the said Election, and claimed to vote for the Member of Parliament; and that the Commissioners for the Boroughs of Stirling and Queensferry, and John Wilson, and Sebaf-tian Swinton, Senior, the Commissioners duly elected for the Boroughs of Dumfermline and Inverkeithing, voted for the Petitioner; and the pretended Commissioners for the other Boroughs, together with the said James Bunkell, voted for the said Archibald Campbell, and he is returned by the Sheriff, in wrong of the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes; and that the Election of the said Archibald Campbell was brought about by Bribery, Corruption, and undue Influence, and is liable to fiindry other Objections, whereby he is rendered incapable of fitting in Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable. f;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 25th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Sebastian Swinton, Esquire, Provost, Ditto. Thomas Miller, and Sebastian Swinton, Junior Bailliqs, Captain James Spittal, James Thompson, Andrew Small>

John Roxburgh, Alexander Thomson, and Robert Brotvn, Counsellors, George Hutton,* Treasurer, John Kirtaldie,

Dean of Guild, Alexander Small and George Dundas, Deacons, being the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh of Inverkeithing, elected by the legal Voters in the said Burgh, and of William Stewart, Robert Wilson, David Russel, and John Cook, late constituent Members* of the said Burgh: And also,

A Petition of John Wilson, Esquire, Junior Provost, Ditto, and John Wilson the Younger, Second Baillie, William Beveridge, Esquire, Dean of Guild, Alexander Kilgour, Treasurer, Robert Ireland and Thomas George, Esquires, old Baillies, William Hunt, Esquire, old Dean of Guild, William Stobie, Esquire, old Treasurer, Adam Morrison and David Scotland, Merchant Counsellors, William Bun-line, Trades Counsellor, Alexander Young, Deacon of the Shoemakers, John Ingles, Deacon of the Masons and James Kinloch, Deacon of the Fleshers, being the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the Burgh of Dumfermline, chosen by the Majority of legal Voters at the General Election made at Michaelmas 1774, and of John Scotland, Merchant Councilor of said Burgh:

And alto,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Dirto. Council, of the Burgh of Stirling, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the said Burgh: And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Dhta the Burgh of Queensferry, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the said Burgh:

Were also severally read; Setting forth, That the Election of a Member to represent the Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dumfermline, Culrofs, and Queensferry, was made at Dumfermline, the presiding Burgh of the District for the Time, on Monday, the Thirty-first of October last; and Commissions were produced in favour of Persons named as Delegates or Commissioners from the several Boroughs of the District; and that, besides those Commissioners, there appeared at the Meeting for eleding the Member to represent the District in Parliament, John Wilson, Junior, Merchant in Dumfermline, who claimed a Vote, as being the Person duly elected Commissioner or Delegate for the Borough of Dumfermline, Sebastian Swinton, Senior, Merchant in Inverkeithing, who claimed a Vote as being the Person duly elected Commissioner or Delegate for the Burgh of Inverkeithing, and James Bunked, Merchant in Queensferry, who claimed a Vote as being the Person duly elected as Commissioner or Delegate for the Burgh of Queensferry; and that the Delegates producing Com* millions from the Boroughs of Inverkeithing, Dumfermline, and Culrofs, voted for Archibald Campbell, Esquire, of Inverneil, as did iikewile the said James Bunked, claiming a Vote as the proper Delegate for the Burgh of Queensferry; and the Delegates producing Commissions for the Boroughs of Stirling and Queensferry, voted for Sir Alexander Gilmour, of Craig miller. Baronet, as did likewise the said John Wilson, Junior, and Sebastian Swinton, Senior, who claimed Votes as the proper Delegates for the respedire Boroughs of Dumfermline and Inverkeithing; and that the said Archibald Campbell, Esquire, has been returned as Member for the said Boroughs, in consequence of the above Election; but, as the Petitioners apprehend that Sir Alexander Gilmour is the Person duly elected, they now make the present Application for Redress; and that the Petitioners think themselves well intitled toobjedjin the first Place, that the said

Archibald

15 Geo. IIL 8° Decembris. 19

Archibald Campbell is incapable of representing the (kid District of Boroughs, or of fitting or 1 voting as a Member of Parliament, on account of his having been guilty of Bribery and Corruption, in order to procure a Seat; and that the Petitioners object to the Votes given by those Delegates who produced Commissions from the Boroughs of hiverkeithing, Dunfermline, and Cul-ross, that they were named Commissioners for these Boroughs by Persons who were incapable to elect Commissioners or Delegates, and who had no Right to the Offices they afiTumed in the said Boroughs, being either voted into such Offices by Persons who were disqualified on account of Bribery and Corruption, or being themselves disqualified on that or other Accounts; and that the said John Wilson, Junior, and Sebastian S win ton. Senior, were the only Persons that were properly elected Delegates or Commissioners for the Boroughs of Inverkeithing and jDunfermline; and the Petitioners object, that no Regard can be paid to the Vote of the said James Bunke/t, in respect that no solid Objection lies against the Person who produced a Commission properly authenticated from the Burgh of Queensferry; and that, in consequence of these and other Objections to the Election of the said Archibald Campbell, it will appear that Sir Alexander Gihnour is the Person duly elected for the said District of Boroughs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to allow the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Return, and to give them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said Petition of Sir Alexander Gilmour, Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the iofh and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Count'd, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Petersfield A Petition of the Honourable John Luttrell, was £lc&on. read . Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Peters-field, Sir Abrqham Hume, Baronet, High Sheriff for the County of Hertford, William Jolliffe, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, by themselves and their Agents, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and the issuing of the Writ for the Election, and previous to and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf, and at the Charge, of the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, did give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who bad, or claimed, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, in open De-r fiance of the Law; and that the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe previous to and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting Voj.. 55.

to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as Persons duly elected; and that James Show* ell, pretending to be the Mayor of the said Borough, acted partially and unfairly in the Execution of his Office as a Returning Officer, during the said Poll, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting bad ones for the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jo I-lisse, and in many other Respects; and that, by the said and other undue Means, the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner (who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned) and the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law, and Freedom of Elections:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the a 8 th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, was also read; Setting forth.

That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, the Honourable John Luttrell, Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet, and William Jolliffe, Esquire, were Candidates; and that James Showell, pretending to be the Mayor of the said Borough, and who was avowedly in the Interest of Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, acted unjustly, and to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, in as much as he lessened their Privileges, by the Admission of Persons to vote who came from distant Places, many of them with their Conveyances just executed, of which they would give no Account, nor whether they were in Possession, or whether the Grantor had a Right to grant, though it was objected he had nor; and that they claimed under Conveyances, suspicious at lead upon the Face of them, occasional, and fraudulent in their Consequences, contrary, as the Petitioners apprehend, to the Meaning of the Resolution of the House in 1727, which could only extend to permanent Freeholders, claiming, by Purchase for a valuable Consideration, or by Devise or Descent, and not to occasional Votes, usually termed Faggots, and which may be multiplied at the Will of the Grantor, and, if allowed, mud be totally destructive of the Franchises of the real Electors, who are bur-tliened with all the Taxes; and that the Petitioners therefore conceive the Admission of such Persons to vote is illegal, destructive of the Privileges of the Petitioners, and highly dangerous to the Law and Constitution of Parliament; and that, by these and other undue Practices, the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe procured themselves to be returned, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners and the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to them shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition i§ ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the iothand tlth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cifes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counr fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

1 Mi

30

shall be thought necessary by the federal Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Cardigan A Petition of Thomas Johnes* the Younger, Esquire, Election. was reacj. Setting forth, That, at the late Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan* the Petitioner and Sir Robert Smyth were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll; and that Thomas Colby* Esquire, the Returning Officer at the said Election, permitted a great Number of Persons to poll for the said Sir Robert Smyth* who had no legal Right to vote; and rejected the Votes of divers other Persons, duly qualified, who offered to poll-for the Petitioner; and was guilty of many other notorious Acts of Partiality and Injustice; and returned the said Sir Robert Smyth as duly elected to serve for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and of those who have a legal Right to vote: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuefdny the 2d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberyfizvitk, and Lampeter, on Behalf of them* selves and other legal Burgesses of the said Boroughs., was also read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for a Burgess to represent the said Borough of Cardigan in Parliament, Thomas johnes* the Younger, Esquire, and Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr. Johnes bad a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll, at the said Election; and that Thomas Colby, Esquire, the Returning Officer at the said Election, permitted a great Number of Persons to poll for the said Sir Robert Smyth, who had no legal Right to vote; and refused the Votes of many Persons, duly qualified, who offered to poll for the said Thomas Johnes; and was guily of many other notorious Acts of Partiality and Injustice; and returned the said Sir Robert Smyth as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as to them shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said _ Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Selkirk, A Petition of James Dundas, Esquire, was read; Setting forth. That, by the Articles of Union, the Bo-Election. r0Ughs Qf Scotland are divided into Fouiteen Classes, or Distri&s, each of which fends One Member to the Parliament of Great Britain, whose Election is made by Commissioners, One chosen by each Borough of the District; and in case of Equality of Voices, the Commissioner for the presiding Borough (taken by each according to the Rotation established by Law) has the calling Vote; and that One of these Districts consists of the Boroughs of Selkirk, Peebles* Linlithgow, and Lanark; and, previous to the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said District, the Petitioner 2 >

1774.

and Sir James Cockburn* Baronet, declared themselves Candidates; and that, by the Law of Scotland, and the Constitution and immemorial Usage of the said Borough of Linlithgow* no Person can hold the Office of Magistrate or Counsellor, except those who reside within the Borough, and pay Part of the Taxes laid on the Inhabitants; and that, at the last Election of a Commissionef for the said Borough, James Andrew was duly elected Delegate or Commissioner by the Majority of Counsellors resident in the Borough, who alone are legally entitled to vote fora Commissioner; and that the Election for the Member of Parliament was held at Linlithgow, the presiding Borough, on the 31st Day of October last, when the Commissioners for the Three other Boroughs attended, with the said James Andrew* the Commissioner elected by a Majority of the legal Voters for the Borough of Linlithgow, and Sir James Cockburn, the pretended Delegate for the said Borough; and that the Commissioner for the Borough of Lanark, and James Andrew, the Commissioner for the Borough of Linlithgow, voted for the Petitioner; and the Commissioners for the Borough of Selkirk and Peebles voted for the said Sir James Cockburn; and that, the Votes being thus equal, James Andrew, the Commissioner legally chosen for the presiding Borough, gave his calling Vote for the Petitioner, who was then duly elected the Member to serve in Parliament for the said District of Boroughs; but Sir James Cockburn* assuming to himself the Character of Commissioner for the presiding Borough, gave his Vote for himself; and the Sheriff of t lie County of Linlithgow has thought proper to return him; and that, the Election of the said Sir James Cockbuin being also liable to several other Objections, the Return made by the Sheriff is iq manifest Wrong of the Petitioner, anS in open Violation of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief as to them shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 5th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Stephen Sayre and John Chetwood* Sea ford Esquires, was read; Setting forth. That onjjie Eighth Efcaioo. Day of October* the Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex.* came on; and that the Right honourable William Hall* Lord Viscount Gage in the Kingdom of Ireland* George Medley, Esquire, and tl)e Petitioners, were Candidates*; and that Thomas Wajher* Esquire,

Bailiff of the said Town and Port, and Returning Officer for the fame, presided at the said Election, and, throughout the whole Course of the said Election, shewed great Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members; and that many Perjfons duly qualified to vote tendered their Suffrages at the said Election for the Petitioners; but the said Bailiff, as Returning Officer, arbitrarily rejected the fame, and absolutely refused to allow their Suffrages so tendered to be legal Votes, or admit the same upon the Poll, at the said Election; and that, such Persons so in the filtered of the Petitioners being thus rejected, on calling up the Poll, there appeared a Majority in

favour

8° Decembr.

15 Geo. III. 8° Decembris.; 31

favour of the Sitting Members, whereas the Number of Votes for the Petitioners would, by a very great Majority, have exceeded the Numbers for the Sitting Members, had such Votes not been arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, rejected as aforesaid: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to them Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 9th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being duly qualified to vote at . the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the' Town and Port of Sea/ord, on Behalf of themselves and others. Electors for the said Town and Port, was also read; Setting forth. That, on the 8th Day of last,

the Election of Two Barons to serve in the present. Parliament for the said Town and Port of Sea/ord came on; and that the Right honourable William , Lord Viscount Gage in the Kingdom of Ireland, George

ley, Stephen Sayre, and John Chetwood, Esquires, were

Candidates; and that Tho Washer, Esquire, Bailiff of the said Town and Port, and Returning Officer for the fame, presided at the said Election, and shewed great' Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members; and that the Petitioners, and many others duly qualified to vote, as well by the general Laws and Custonu of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Town and Port, tendered their Votes, at the said Election, to the said Thomas Wa/her, Bailiff and Returning Officer as aforesaid, in favour of the said Stephen Sayre and John Chetwood;but such their Votes were rejected by the said Bailiff, he taking upon himself, arbitrarily and illegally, to declare that the Petitioners, and others, ail duly qualified to vote, and who had likewise tendered their Votes in like Manner for the said Stephen Sayre and John Chetwood, should not be admitted to vote at the said Election} and that, the Votes of the Petitioners, and many other Eledors as aforesaid, being thus illegally rejected, on calling up the Poll, there appeared a Majority of Votes in favour of the said Lord Gage and George Medley; and therefore the said Bailiff did, partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, return the said Lord Gage and George Medley as duly defied to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament; whereas the Number of Votes for the said Stephen Sayre and John Chetwood would have exceeded, by a very great Majority, the Number of those for the said Lord Gage and George Medley, had not the Petitioners, and many others, having a Right to vote, been rejected as above: And therefore praying. That, as their Freedom of Election has been manifestly violated by the above Measures, and by the said Bailiff, the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and confirm to them, and others, in like Manner aggrieved, their Rights as Eleflors of chusing their own Members, and give the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the lad preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Eleflions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Confide-. ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifi’ue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary- by the foveral Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the.laid Petitions.

VOL.35.

A Petition of James Phipps, of the -City of Peter- Peterborough borough, in the County of Northampton, Elquir^, wap, Ek&an. read .1 Setting forth, That; at the lift jEle^ipd, of bers to felyp ip. Parliament for the said City,; the titioner, Richard Benyon, and Matthew Wy/dfiore, u/ere Candidates i and that-the said bflattliew Wy/dhyre, by himself, atnd his; Agents, was guilty of Ijftbpry and other corrupt, ille^dj apd fipwarijantable, Radices, in order. to procure bimfflf t#.be,-returnp4:,al tfhe laid Election iapd that, tbf fti/4 Eledjon,. a Majority of legal Vdt«) tendered for the<Petitioner; and

that Wiltiatn Smith, the Bailiff, wtyp presided, a? the Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved himself with Partiality in favour of the said Jsda/tkew WyId-bore, by rejeding the Votes of several Perlbos who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner* hod by admitting on the.Poll, for the said Matthew, (Vyldbore, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Matthew Wyldbore, and he wasxeturned as duly, elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges 6f‘ the Eledors !of the said City: And therefore praying the House t*>; take the . Premises into Consideration,' and grant him such Relief as to them shall seem fne^t.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken jnfq Consideration upon Friday the iath Day of t, pcxjt, at.

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. , J y.

Memorandum .* t„ *

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Fyeign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Eleflions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were^enlj' to the Parties j accompanied with Orders’-for their Attendance, by themselves, tfieir Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Pc-, tition was ordered to be taken into Confide-, ration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are iCewRtdoer thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of New Election. Radnor, and its contributory Boroughs, oa Behalf of themselves, and other the Burgesses of the same Boroughs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the lad Election of a Member to serve. in Parliament for the said Borough, Edward Esquire, and John Lewis, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Edward Lewis was duly elected, by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but Edward Hunt, Bailiff of the said Borough, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, hath nevertheless made a Return of the said John Lezvis; and that the said Edward during the whole Course of the Poll, acted with the great-ell Partiality in favour of the said John Lewis, by rc-jeding the Votes of many of the Petitioners, who had an undoubted Right to poll at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the said Edward Lewis; and by admitting on the Poll, for the said John Lewis, divers Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected i whereby, and by many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices of the said Edward Hunt, as well previous to, as at and in relation to, the said Election, the Petitioners conceive themselves greatly prejudiced, and their Rights and Franchises invaded:

And therefore praying the House, on Behalf of themselves and other the Burgesses of the said Borough of New Radnor and its contributory Boroughs, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

Supply,

Usual Efti mates, See. ordered.

2 8° — p° Dece1774.

Ordered \That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tttefiay the 7th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,; the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent’ to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for' ' their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 90 die Decembris;

Anno 15° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1774. Prayers.

SIR Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whotft it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Wednesday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time; Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1775, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, llebuiTdings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1775, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1775, be laid before this House. ' ,

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1775, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a Lilt of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1775, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1775, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies aril'en within the respective Half Years ended at the 5th Day of April 1774, and the

10th Day of October 1774, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s raoft honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jacob Henry Stave: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Lewis Disney, of Flintham, in the County of Nottingham, Esquire, and of several Persons interested in the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Flintham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in the said Open Arable Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in l'mall Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed in separate Allptments, to be made in proportion to each Perton’s Interest therein, and in lieu of Tithes, the same would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Willoughby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House;

The same were delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions did relate, being written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and rolled up and put into a Glass, were drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order,

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord

Waltham, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election for the Borough of Malden, in the County of the honourable

Richard Savage Naffatt, John Strutt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and, upon the Poll, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned to serve the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said Mr. Mr. Strict,

and their Agents, or some of them, by and with their or one of their Directions and Privity, previous to the said Election, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, and made use of Threats and Intimidations, in order to procure the said Mr. and Mr.

to be elected to serve the said Borough in Parliament; and that, by Means of the great Mobs, Riots, and Disturbances, at the said Election, many Persons, who had a Right to vote, were deterred and prevented from polling for the Petitioner; and that the Person who acted as Deputy to the Returning Officer of the said Borough, to take the Pol), before and during the said Poll, was guilty of great Partiality and Unlairncfs, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting

Persons

Sawe’a

Nic.

Flintham

Iodesure.

MaMen

Llcdioa.

Cimarron

Election.

15 Geo. III. 90 Decembri 3 3

Persons not qualified to vote for the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt, and by entering many Votes for the said Mr.' Nassau and Mr. Strutt, who voted for the Petitioner; and that, by those and other corrupt, undue, illegal, andun-. warrantable Practices, many Persons voted for the said! Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt, who would otherwise have

voted for the Petitioner; and the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt were unduly returned as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 16th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance oi Two Acts, made in the ioth and 11th Years of His present. Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Wynn, Baronet, was read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carnarvon, the Petitioner, and Thomas Smith, Ef-

quire, were Candidates; and that the said Thomas AJsheton Smith, by himself and his Agents, previous to and during the Poll, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt several of the Freeholders of the said County, who had a Right to vote at the said Election; and, by those and other illegal and unwarrantable P raft ices, prevailed upon several of the Freeholders of the said County to vote for him the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, and by Threats and Violence deterred and prevented others from giving their Votes for the Petitioner; and that several of the Freeholders of the said County acted as Managers for the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, and did also bribe, and attempt to bribe, with Money and otherwise, several of the Voters for the said County, to induce them to give their Votes for the said Thomas Afsheton Smith 5 and that Thomas Afsheton Smith, Esquire, the Father of the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, and late High Sheriff of the said County, died during his Shrievalty, having in his Lifetime appointed Hugh Ellis, Gentleman, his Under Sheriff, who, from the Death of the said Thomas- Afsheton Smith, acted as Sheriff of the said County i and the said Hugh Ellis, before the said Election, not only can-vaffed several of the Freeholders of the said County, in order to obtain their Votes for the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, but also attended, and was present, at several Entertainments given to the Freeholders of the said County, by or on the Behalf of the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, in order to procure him to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said County; and in other Respects the said Hugh Ellis, both before and at the said Election, acted in a very partial and unwarrantable Manner in the Execution of his Office; and that, owing to the above and other undue Means and Influence, and particularly to the partial Conduct of the said Sheriff, the Petitioner was compelled to discontinue the Poll; and thereupon the said Thomas Afsheton Smith was returned to serve in Parliament for the said County, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defi-Voi.

ance of the Law and the Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 19th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves; their Counsel or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Peter Burrell, Esquire, was read; Totnes Setting forth. That, at the late Election of Members to Deftioa. serve in Parliament for the Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, and James Amyatt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said James Amyatt, by himself, and his Agents previous to and during the Poll, was guilty of Briber/ and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure himself to be returned as duly elected; and that by these and other corrupt, undue, and illegal Means, the said James Amyatt obtained a Majority of Votes upon the Poll against the Petitioner, and was accordingly returned, with the said Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as upon Examination appears to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 23d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: -# .

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of die Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of James Tozvnfend Esquire, was Dyfart,

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, apprehend- &c: ing, and being advised, that the Election and Return ,on* made in favour of John Johnflone, of Denovan, Esquire, to represent the District of Royal Boroughs in Scotland, which consists of Dyfart, Kirkaldy, Bumtijland, and Kinghorn, are void and null in Law, and that the Petitioner was duly elected to represent those Boroughs in this present Parliament, among other Reasons, because all the Votes given for Mr. Johnflone are and were utterly void and null, and ought not to have been counted or regarded at the Election, thinks it his Duty to lay the same before the House, in order to obtain Redress of the Wrong committed in the Matter afore-K said:

34 0° — 12° Decembris. A. 1774.

said: And therefore praying the House, to allow him to be heard, by IiimfeJf or Counsel, against the said Election and Return, and to give him such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Partiesi accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 12* d Decembris \

Anno 15* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

Sawe’t *¥AC0B Henry Suuie took the Oaths appointed, in Nat. J order to his Naturalization.

Usual Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the House, Eflunatw, that their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty c" would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty j and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He vtHl give Directions accordingly.

The House being reformed that Mr. Seddon, from the Westoeinft-r Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Bnd*e-Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 23d Day of Fe-

bruary 1774 to the 6th Day of December following, inclusive: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 5th Day of ’January 1774 to the iothDay of October following, together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from 5th July 1773 to 5th July 1774.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- usual suant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimates

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Prt(«Bte<1-other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from the 25th December 177410 the 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Ganifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th 1774

to the 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive, being

365 Days: Andalfo,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay, between the British and Irifk Establishment, of Three Battalions, and Three Companies of Foot servir.g in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, and Minfrom 2jth December 1774, to 24th December 1775, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 177 c: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1775.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

i5 Geo. Ill

12° Decembfis,

35

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Brit ain% from the 25th December 1774 to the 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive; being 365 Days.

NUMBERS.

Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 365 Days.

TOTAL.

Horse.

'First Troop of Life Guards - - -Second D° ——

1 First Troop of Grenadier Guards - -Second D° ——

.Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

r First Regiment of Dragoon Guards -Second D° -

Third D*....

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons -

Earl of Panmure* s -

Dragoons.

Major General Fitzrof s ....

Lieut. General Carpenter's - -

General Cholmondeleys -

Sir George Howard?* -

Sir John Mordaunt's -

Marquis of Lothian's -

Light C Lieut. General Eliott's -Dragoons. I Major General Burgoyne s

Foot.

r First Regiment of Foot Guards - -

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards - -

Sir Jeffery Amherff s Regiment of Foot Lieut. General Sand ford's - -

Lieut. General Acourt Ashe's - - —

Lieut. General Keppel's . - -

Lieut. General Grame's -

Major General Mackays - -

Major General Evelyn's - -

\ Lieut. General Parjlow's - -

Sir Adolphus Ougbtous -

Colonel Robinfons -

Lieut. General Peirfon's -

Lieut. General Claverings - -

Lieut. General Ozven's -

Lord Adam Gordon's -

Colonel Maxwell's - -

Lieut. General Lambton's - -

K Lieut. General TrapaucTs - -

r 1 A J Colonel WreiCs Regiment - -inva s. Twenty Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account -

Total -

181

181

l77

176

3i9

345 231 221 23I 231 23I 231 23I 2 21 23I 23I

23J

231

I(M9

1058

1058

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

477

482

2.655

462

11,874

IO4O

17,605 3

j7>6o5 3 10,870 18

io,743 3 26,054 18

18,878 2

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

12.896 13

45»98o 17

29*7 59 13 29,814 8

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17 10*940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17 io,94° *7

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

10.940 17

9*336 7 18,067 10

1,522

32,218 16 20,000 o

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

3

4

4

4

6

4

4

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

11

o

o

o

17*547

82,879 6 8

147*844.14 5 25,793 6 8

291,549 16 8

27,403 17 11 52,118 16 o

£.627,689 19 4

\W Office, rath December 1774;

Barrington:

VOL.35.

ESTIMATE

12° Decembris.

A. 1774.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and including those in

Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1774 to the 24th December 1775. both Days inclusive, being 365 Days.

Lieut. General Hodgson's Regiment of Foot - - - -Earl Percy's ——

Sir William Boothby's ——

Lord Robert Bertie’s - -- --Lieut. General Armstrong's - -- -- --Major General Gifbome's - -- -Sir Sebright's -

Lieut. General Bofcazven's ——

Alajor General Scott’s ——

Lord Blayney’s ——

Lieut. General Carey's ——

Major General Carleton's -

Major General Sorell’s ——

General Dilkes’s -

Royal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - - - - -Alajor General Pomeroy’s ——

Lieut. General Urmf! on's

Lieut. Colonel O’Hara’s Corps ——

Garrisons in North America-, viz. , S' Au-

gustine, Pensacola, Mobile, and Sck/A Carolina -

'Garrisons in Afovz Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, S' John's in Newfoundland, Louifbourg, S‘ John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa -

Garrisons in the Islands of GrS’ Vincent, Dominica, and Tobago ——

Officers serving with the Forces in AforftJ America - - -Contingencies upon Account ——

MINOR P A.

Duke of Argylls 2d Battalion ——

Lieut. General Murray’s Regiment of Foot - -

Lord George Lennox's ——

Earl of Eglintoune's ——

Officers of the Garrison, 6?r. - -

GIBRAL TAR.

Major General Clinton's Regiment of Foot - - - - -Major General Boyd’s ——

Major General Waljlt's ——

Alajor General Cunningham’s -

Lieut. General Colvill's -

Officers of the Garrison, fife. -

NUMBERS. P«y of the Regiments. &c. for 365 D*ys. TOTAL.

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 11,086 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 " 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — - 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 - — 10,940 17 6

955 — 42.137 5 0

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

214 — 4,170 2 6

8,801

201,507 7 6

— — — — 3.558 15 0

— — — — 3,226 10 0

— — — — 2,786 3 4

1 — — 9,161 10 0

4,000 0 0

477 — 10,685 7 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 1,908 10,940 17 6 43,508 0 0

5»9I7 11 3

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 — 10,940 17 6

477 2,385 10,940 17 6

54,704 7 6

3*749 1* 3

Provisions for Thirteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, tsfe. deducting 2 f d.per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - - - - -Provisions for the Regiments in the ceded Islands - - -Provisions for Lieut. Colonel O’Hara’s Corps serving in Africa, deducting 2 {d.per Diem from each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Totax -

x3>°94

War Office, iath December 1774.

Barrington.

13*958 19 4* 24»3°7 *7 3f ,3»477 12 6

2,321 14 10*

54,066 4 of

I £ 386

1,186 o iof

ESTIMATE

15 Geo. III.

l Decemb.

37

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Three Battalions, and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Matty at Gibraltar and Minorca, from ijtli December 1774 to 24th December 1775, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. ‘ Pay for 365 Days. J- Difference.

Duke of Argyll's Regiment of Foot, ift Battalion, according to the British Establishment - -- -Paid by Ireland for this Battalion - -- Difference - - - -Sir Charles Montagu's Regiment the same - - - . - - -Colonel Barlow's Regiment the same - -- -- -Three Companies of Colonel MaJJey's Regiment of Foot - - -Paid by Ireland for these Companies - -- -- - Difference - - - - 477 10,940 17 6 10,066 2 9 874 14 9 874 14 9 <874 14 9 250 — 6

1 1 3,056 17 6 2,806 I7 —

Total - - - i>573 - - - - .1 £2,874. 4 9

War Office, 12th December 1774. Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain^ for the Year 1775.

General and General Staff Officers

For 365 Days.

11,473 18 (if

War Office, 12th December 1774.

Harrington,

ESTIMATE 6f die Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1775.

4 v — " — *5,770 Out Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5J. per Diem, each - -- --103 Letrer Men, at 12 d, per Diem, each - -- -- --31 Serjeants, at yd. per Diem, each - -- Per Diem. For 365 Days.

£ d. 328 10 10 5 3 — 1 3 3 £ s. 119,917 14 a >*79 iS — 424 6 3

15,904 Total - - - £334 17. 122,221 15 5

War Office, 12th December 1774. Barrington. Vot. 35. b Ordered»

38 12° Decembris. 1774.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A

fcolewright' A Petition of the Rector and other Owners and Pro-

IncloiUre. prietors of Lands and Grounds, *in the Open and Common Fields of Great Rolewright, in the County of Oxford* whose Names are thereunto set, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open and Common Fields consist of about Seventy Yard Lands, with* Right of Common at certain Seasons in the Year, and by a determinate Stint; and that the said Lands and Grounds are very inconveniently situated; and the Properties of the Owners and Proprietors are dispersed in (mail Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would tend to the better Cultivation of the said Lands and Grounds, and to the Interest of all the said Owners and Proprietors, if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares and Allotments made to the several Owners and Proprietors, in lieu of their Interests therein; and that such Division and Inclosure would be for the mutual Advantage of all Persons interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Rolewright, in the County of Oxford; and for exonerating as well the said Open Fields, as the old Inclosures lying within the said Manor and Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, Mo-dufes, or Compositions for Tythes; and for ascertaining and settling an Equivalent to the Rector of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; or otherwise to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

- Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord IVenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, *and bring in, the fame.

Com The House' was moved, That an Act, made in the

(Indian.) 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, <c An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of Indian Corn.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Hintham Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-

Inclosuie. core]ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the 'Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within -the Parish of Flintham, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House;

The same were delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions did relate, being written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal 4

Size, and rolled up and put info a Glass, were drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

A Petition of James Francis Erskine, Esquire, was Edinburgh read; Setting forth. That at the lad Election for a Eieftion. Representative to serve in Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, James Stod-dart, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that Sir Lawrence Dundas and James Stoddart, by undue Influence and illegal Practices, obtained an apparent Majority of Votes; but the Petitioner, as he apprehends, had a Majority of legal Votes; and that, notwithstanding thereof, and that the said Sir Lawrence Dundas was and is incapable and disqualified to fit in Parliament, the Returning Officer improperly and illegally returned the said Sir Lawrence Dundas as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Right of Election: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises under Consideration, and to permit him to be heard thereon, by his Counsel; and give him such Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 30th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the honourable George Keith Elphinstone, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Dumbarton, in North Britain, held upon the 10th Day of November last, the Petitioner, and Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, were Candidates; and that after the Roll of Freeholders was called over, and the First of the Number had voted for the said Sir Archibald Edmonstone, another Freeholder informed the Meeting, that Sir Archibald was, by the Act 6th Queen Anne* Cap. 7.

Section 25, incapable of being elected, or of fitting or voting as a Member of the House, because he enjoyed Part of the Profits of the Office of Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland, held in the Name of another Person; and that he the said Freeholder gave that early Notice of the said Sir Archibald Edwonf one's Incapacity, to prevent other Freeholders from throwing away their Votes; and that the Election then proceeded; and of 41 Freeholders present, 14 voted for the Petitioner, 26 for the said Sir Archibald EdmonJloney and he h ini felt voted for the honourable William Efphinfcrte, w ho was no Candidate; and that the Votes being over, the Petitioner entered his Protcft, that, in regard of the said Sir Archibald Edmonstone's Incapacity, the Petitioner was the Person duly elected, and ought to be returned; but this Protest was diiregarded, and the said Sir Archibald Fuimondflone is returned by the Sheriff'; and that, the Election of the said Sir Archibald Edmonstone being liable to sundry other Objections, the Return in his Favour is in wrong of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him such Relief as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

15 Geo. III.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders . for their Attendance, by themselves, their Couh-, (el, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Con-fidefation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Barnilaple A Petition of Dennis Ro//e, Esquire, was read j Setting

forth. That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnjiaple in the County of Devon, John Clevelands Esquire, Devaynes,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said William Devaynesby himself and his Agents, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and the issuing of the Writ for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and previous to and during the Poll for such Election, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf of, and at the Charge of, the said William Devdid give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to the several Persons who had, or claimed, a Right to vote in the Election for the same Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, and Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure him the said William Devaynes to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in open Defiance of the Laws; and that the said William Devaynes, by himself, and his Agents, previous to and during the said Election, was guilty of Bribery, and made use of other undue Means, to corrupt those who liad a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure himself to be returned as a Person duly elected; and that, by such undue Means, the said William Devaynes obtained a greater Number of Votes on ihe Poll than the Petitioner, and was returned accordingly, as one of the Members to serve.in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Electors: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall on Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 9th Day of June next, at Three of thp Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Con-. lideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Jveldiefter A Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jones, Election. Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That on the 8th Day of 03ober last, the Elect ion of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, came on; and that Peregrine Gift, and William lnnes, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that Mr. Qhrifiopher Lockyert V 0l. 25*

39

Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, a known Friend of the Sitting Members, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members, and admitted many Persons to poll for the said Peregrine Cujtand William Iunes, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejected several others, who had a good Right to vote, and who offered to poll for the Petitioners; and that the said Peregrine Cust and William Lines, by themselves, their Friends and Agents, were guilty of Bribery, Treating, and other undue and illegal Means, to procure their Election; by which Means tire said Peregrine Cujl and William Innes were returned as having a Majority, although the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein as to them shall (eetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 13th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the toth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Patties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Frost Widmore, Esquire, was read; Stockbridg* Setting forth. That at the last Election of Members to Election. serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, the Right honourable Lord Irnham , the honourable John Luand the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said John Luttrell was not duly qualified, and therefore not eligible; and that the Sitting Members, by themselves, and their Agents, previous to and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as the Persons duly elected; and that the Returning Officer proceeded to take the Poll, without giving the previous requisite Notice, and admitted many, who had no Votes, to vote for the said Sitting Members; and that, by these, and other undue and unconstitutional Means, the said Sitting Members obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Law of Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as shall upon Investigation appear to be right and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered,

12° Decembris.

40 12° Decembris. 1774.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hi? Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

New A Petition of James Butler, Esquire, was read; Set-Eleaion"1 *'nS ^ort^» That at the lad Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham and Rape of Bramber, the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, Charles Goring, Esquire, John Aldridge, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that Nicholas Roberts, the Constable of, and Returning Officer for, the said Borough and Rape, admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir John Shelley, who had no Right, and refused to admit others, who had a good Right, and who offered to poll for the Petitioner; and that the said Sir John Shelley was, by himself and his Agents, guilty of divers illegal and corrupt Practices, both before and during the Time of such Election; by which Means a pretended Majority hath been procured in favour of the said Sir John Shelley, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as one of the Members for the said Borough and Rape: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to them shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 20th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was- ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

SVestminster A Petition of Harvey Morres, Lord Viscount -Election. morres in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of several other Inhabitants, Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants, Electors of the said City and Liberty, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to represent the said City and Liberty in the present Parliament, the Petitioner the said Harvey,

Lord V ifeount Mounlmorres in the Kingdom of Ireland, Charles Stanhope, commonly called Lord Viscount Mahon, Hugh Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, Thomas Pelham Clinton, commonly called Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, and Humphrey Coates, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the King’s menial Servants, not having proper Houses of their own within the City of Westminster, gave Voices in the said Election, contrary to an express Resolution of the House; and that divers Peers of the Realm and Lords of Parliament publicly canvassed, and otherwise unduly interfered in the said Election, contrary to several express Resolutions of the House; and that, during the said Election, the said Hugh Earl Percy and Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, by themselves or Agents, after the Telle and issuing out of the Writ of Election, before and during the Poll for the said City and Liberty, were guilty of bribing, corrupting, and entertaining, those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure the said Hugh Earl Percy and Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton to be cledted to serve in Parliament for the said

City and Liberty, in open Defiance of the Law; and, to accomplish the fame, did give or allow to the said Electors of the said City and Liberty, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the said Election for the said City and Liberty,

Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, or Provision; and that, by the above and other undue Means, a Majority of Votes was procured for the said Hugh Earl Percy and Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, and they were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give them such Relief as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just. ' *

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 25th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, was read; W.vcester Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members EleAiww. to represent the City of Worcester in Parliament, John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to and during the late Election, the said Mr. Waljh and Mr.

Rous did, by themselves and their Agents, bribe and corrupt, and attempt to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Right to vote at the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that, previous to and at the said Election, William Mathers, Esquire, Mayor of the said City, and several of the Aldermen and Justices of the said City, with many of the Common Council, acted as Agents for the said John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, and threatened, and publicly canvassed and solicited, great Numbers of the Freemen of the said City, to vote for Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, and promised that they should be set down as Constables, and have a certain Reward, for their Votes; and also did bribe, and attempt to bribe with Money, and otherwise corrupt, a great many Freemen of the said City, to induce them to vote for the said John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, or one of them, at the said Election; and were guilty of diver* other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure a Majority of Votes for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous-, and that, by Means thereof, and other undue Influence, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, as Agents for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, procured many Freemen to vote in their Interest, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that the said Mayor, several of the Aldermen and Justices of the said City, and their Town Clerk, for several Days before and during the said Election, met together, nominated, appointed, and swore in, many Freemen, and, as the Petitioner believes, to the Number of 300 and upwards, to be Constables, under a Promise from such Persons that they would vote for Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, for which they should have certain Rewards in Money, which was afterwards paid to them out of the Money and Funds of the Corporation of the said City, or by the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Reus, by

which

15 Geo. lit. 12° — 130 Decembris. 4!

which Means the said Mayor and Aldermen did corruptly obtain a Majority of* Votes for Mr. Rous and Mr. IValJli upon the Poll; and that a Peer of this Realm, and a Lord of Parliament, did; by himself and his Agents, interfere in the said Election, by publicly canvassing and soliciting Vntes on Belmlf of the said John Waljh, and using Threats to intimidate the Free* men from giving their Votes to the Petitioner, in Violation of the Privileges of the House, the Freedom of Election, and a high Infringement of the Rights of the Commons of "Great Britain; and that John Williams), Gentleman, Sheriff, and Returning Officer of the said City, a<sted partially arid unfairly, before and during the Ele<ftion, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting Persons not qualified to vote for the said John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, Esquires, and in many other Respects was guilty of Partiality in the Execution of his Office; and that, by those and other illegal Means, the said John Waljh and Thomas Bale’s Rous procured a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and were returned to serve in Parliament for the said City; in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority cf legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him (bch Relief therein; as -shall upon Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 23d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; feitto. A Petition of the several Freemen of the City of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and several other Freemen of the said City, was also read; Setting forth. That at the last . Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, Sir Watkin Lewei, Knight, John , and Thomas Bates Rout, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, previous to and at the said Election, the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of Bribery* and other unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected j and particularly William Mathers Esquire, the Mayor, and several Aldermen, Justices, and Common Counciltnen; of the said City, atted as Agents for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rousj and bribed several Freemen; to the Number of 300 and upwards, to vote for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, under Colour of appointing and {wearing in such Freemen to be Constables, to preserve the Peace, at the said Election, promising them certain Rewards in Money and otherwise; if they would give their Votes in favour of the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous; and that the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, after the Difiblution of thfe late Parliament; and after the ordering the Writs of Election for the present Parliament, and previous to and during the Poll at the late; Election for the said City, did, by themselves, and by other Ways and Means on their Behalf, give, present, and allow, to divers Persons, having a Right to vote at the said Election; Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision; in order to be elected Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that, by those and other undue Means, the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rwtf-unjustly procured a Majority upon the Poll, in open Defiance of the Law, and gross Violation of the- Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief thereupon, as shall upon Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is order to betaken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, tnade in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, Vrit. 35.

the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Comrrtittee of the Supply* whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. v.

- Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair:

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Hbute will; upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And theh the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 130 die Decembris;

Anno 15* Georgii III. U Regis, 1774.

Kayerj.

A BILL for naturalizing Jacob Henry was Suwe’sNat,

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the llesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sixteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1775* including Four thousand Two hundred Eighty-four Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month; be allowed, for maintaining the said Sixteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months; including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Ways ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Meat x,

M to

43 13* Decembris. 1774.

to consider of Ways and Mearts for riifing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

?ra Mr. Burke, according to Orders reported from the lun;. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Importation of Indian Corn, the Resolution which the Committee haddirested him to report to the House-; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follovyeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when Barley is allowed to be imported into this Kingdom, upon the Payment of a Duty of Two Pence per Quarter, the Importation of Indian Corn be permitted, on the Payment of a Duty of One Penny per Quarter, and no more,-under the like Provisions and Regulations as Barley is allowed to be imported by an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn."

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Cooper, Mr. Cruger, and Sir Charles do pre-

pare, and bring in* the fame.

Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1775, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1774.

JL

Pay of Civil Officers and^ Artificers at

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges Gibraltar and North Britain - -

Minorca - - j - - - *

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

East Florida -

West Florida -

Grenada, St. Vincent, and Tobago -Quebec New Fork

Senegal and Senegambia Halifax

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 2,256 Men, Officers included Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -

Pay of the Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at Saint James's Park, and the Tower of London -

Pay of an Inspector of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands ——

To Col° William Phillips, for the Loss he sustained by the Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and also in Consideration of his good Services ——

To Lieutenant Col° Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services To Lieutenant General William Belford, for his good Services -To John Chalmers, Esq. late Major of Artillery, m Consideration of his Services To Lieutenant Colo William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts of Great Britain, and the adjacent Islands thereto belonging ——

To Major General Thomas Defaguliers, for his extraordinary Services at the Siege of Palais in Belleifle, and upon several Expeditions -

To Major Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions ——

To Lieutenant Col° Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his Services in Flanders and Germany -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the East and West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

C r. d.

36,092 7 6

L°47 5 " 1,297 1 <5

1,003 »5 — 657-----

967 5 — M34 — 843 10 — 328 10 —

1>II3 5 — 520 2 6

8,395 -

72,549 16 8

i,594 5 — 867 5 —

2,144 7 6

456 5 —

456 5 — 9i 5 — 328 10 — 273 15 —

365-----

456 5 —

365 -

182 10 —

8,904 2 tt

L 144,833 16 7

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Ordnance

Estimate'

i5 Geo. III.

130 Decemb

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storehouses, and carrying on the current Service at Gibraltar -

Materials for the said Services -

In further Part of the Charge of improving and strengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty, estimated at £.51,126 ‘ -

Materials for the said Fortifications

Pay of a Military Company of Artificers serving in the Garrison of Gibraltar -

Towards repairing the Forti -C Minorca - - -fications. Barracks, Store- j St. John's , Car boniere, and Trinity

houses, and carrying on thej Harbour in

current Service at Placentia - - - t-Towards fortifying and securing the Harbour of St. John's, Newfoundland -

For crcfi’ng a new Fort to defend the Road and Harbour of Placentia, in Newfoundland -

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortification* and Barracks in Scotland ——

Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at -

Towards enclosing and fortifying the Dock Yard at For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport.

For keeping in Repair the Works in the Plymouth Division Building a Scarp Wall, and making a Break Water, for securing the Front of Lumps Farm Battery, near Portsmouth -Towards eredlrng a Pile of Barracks at Woolwich, for One Battalion of Artillery, and their Officers -

In full for relieving a Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artillery in North America ——

Pay of Engineers, Officers, Conductors, and Artificers, with the Train of Artillery, attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America - -

A Supply of Stores demanded for Minorca - -

For carrying on the necessary Repairs at Cornet, in the Island of

Guernsey ——

For carrying on the necessary Repairs at the several Castles in the Island of Jersey - - . -

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

Expence of Services performed pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1774.

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the current

Sendee at Halifax in Nova Scotia - -

Pay of superannuated and Half-pay Officers, and others, to 31 December

1774 - - --.r -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, the ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards, the lnnifkilling and 10th Regiment of Dragoons, the 2d and 3d Regiments of Foot Guards,-and to sundry Regiments of Foot, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants December 1773, 10 and 25 January, 10 and 28 February, 15 and 21 April, 16 and 28 May, 1 August, 19 September 1774 -

Arras and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Devon, Derby, Suffolk, Brecknock, Glamorgan, Bedford, York, Middlesex, and Carnarvon, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 9 and 24 February, 8 and 12 March, 16 and 27 April, and 2 September 1774 Ammunition delivered to 60 Regiments ot Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 18 May 1763 -

Ammunition delivered to the 4th and 43d Regiments of Foot, and to several Light Companies, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants April and 30 June 1774 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 23 and 16

May 17 74 - - - -,....

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by the Paymaster, to the Trains of Artillery in North America, on Account of Contigencies

in 1774....

Money issued for carry- CNezv York ing on the current Ser-J Quebec vice and Contingencies,-! East Florida at Florida

Vo 1.. 35.

750

1,165

382

770

r. d.

11

8 —

5

£. s. d.

7,265 9 6

2,187 2 8

8,153 *4 3

2,761 4 9

1,809 *5 10

2,158 3 —

500 —

400 ——

3,000 — —

2,576 — —

3,000 — —

1,000 — —

23,000 — —

2,000 — —

1,000 —

878 10 —

5,200 — —

2,262 8 10

3,577 — —

1,982 2 5

678 16 9

834 *7 —

9,000 — % '

1,212----

404 6 —

7,896 14 8

6,798 16 10 2,236 ri —

126 10 3

482 11 a

1,656 4 10

3»°6 7 1 5

Pay

£*cife and Customs.

Elections,

44 ' 13* — 146 Decembris.

Pay of Engineers and, Assistants, sent to pursuant to His Majesty’s Order 2 November 1773 - -

Expence of a new Draw Bridge ovet the Tower Ditch-, for a Communication with the Wharf, pursuant t6 His Majesty’s Warrant 25 March 1774 - i* - -

Pay of an Augmentation to the Company of Artificers, serving in the Garrison of Gibraltaffrom 1 May to 31 December 1774, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warwt 25 March 1774 - — -

Expence of Thirty 24 Pounders Iron Ordinance, mounted on Travelling Carriages, complete, and 3,000 Hound Shot, 24 Pounders, with Freight of the fame* to Tangier, sent as a Present from His Majesty to the Emperor of Morocco, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders 11 -May, and 9 June k774" i

To John Boone, Surgeon, for taking Care of a Detachment of Artillery at Dominica, from 7 July T764 to 22 September 1773 infclusive, 3,365 Days at 6s. per Ditnl, by Order of the Lords of the Treasury 27 July *774

To Mrs. Alice Teo, for LolTes and Expences suffered by the Resumption of a Lease granted tt> Major Yeo, of the Lands, without the Fortifications at Plymouth}, by Order of the Lords of the Treasury 17 December 1773 - -

Tents sent to North America for Use of His Majesty’s Forces there, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 28th February and April 1774 Taking down and Rebuilding 'One' entire Curtain on the South West Side of Dover Castle j v - -

Barrack Sheets sent to Minorca lor Service of 5 Regiments of Foot and 3 Companies of Artillery - - w -

Jeff. Amherji..... Charles Frederick.

Cha‘ Cocks. 1 Ben. Langlois.

A. 1774.

1,21$ IO —

4$5----

318 to —

3,180----

1*009 10 —

500-----

706 16 - — 801 14 1

641 u

32, M 5 $

£. 260,807 6 10

-s- =*== ‘ 1

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Gross and Nett Produce of the Excise and Customs ini England and Scotland, for the Three Years ending at 1773;

distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved. That the last of the Resolutions, which, upon the 5th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Laws in being, relative to the Election or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament, and was then agreed toby the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth > viz.

" Refolded, That, in some Counties in this Kingdom, " by reason of their great Extent, or the particular " Situation of their County Towns, the Freeholders " cannot, but at their great Expence, Fatigue, and Loss of Time, be convened together at any one Place, " to make Elections for Knights of the Shire} and " that Provision should bd made, that, in such Counties, the Poll, if demanded, at the Proclamation of the Writ, may be taken at certain different " Places, for certain different Districts within such " Counties."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill, for further preventing the Expences attending Elections of Knights of Shires, and for the more easy Attendance of Freeholders at such Elections: And that Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward AJlley, Lord George Germain, the Lord,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. D'Oyley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Hotham, and Mr. Hamilton, do pre* pars? and bring in, the fame.

*9

1___i

Mercurii, 144 die Decembris \

Anno 15" Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

/\Rdered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way*

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean*. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself 1into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolutionj which they had-directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was dire<sted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Woollen 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Klanufacture-tuled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts

15 Geo. III. 14° — 15°

t

" Parts of Utensils made use of In the Cotton, Linen, " Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved’, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the fetid Act, as relates to the Exportation of Tools, or Implements used in the Wool* lc 11 Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Com Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to (Indian.) Order, a Bill to allow the Importation of Com

and Maize, under certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15° Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii III'" Regis, 1774.

9 *

Prayers,

Ways Q I R Charles Whitworth, according to Order, re

and Means. O ported from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the -Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read -, and is as followeth;

>Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1775, be further continued, and charged ♦Upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1775-to the 24th Day of June 1776.

The laid Refutation being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Charles Tozvnfthe Lord Beauchampf- Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Snwc’s Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Nat* to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Suwe,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Com A Bill to allow the Importation cf Indian Corn and (Indian.) Maize, under certain Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 35.

Decembris* 45

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Several Petitions* complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; i

The same were delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Places, so which the said Petitions did relate, being written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and rolled up and put into a GJafs, were drawn by the Clerk, in the following Order;

A Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Ross, Tain, ftc. constituent Member of the Council of the Borough of fclettion. Tain, and of Johfl Sinclair, of U/pfler, Esquire,

constituent Member of the Council of thfc. Borough of Wick, on Behalf of themselves and other Councilors of the said Boroughs of Tain and was read;

Setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Member to fferve in Parliament for the Boroughs Of Tain,

Dingwall, Dornock, Wick, and Kirkwall, held at Dornoch, the presiding Borough, the 31st of last. Colonel James Grant and Sir Adam Baronet, were

Candidates; and' that the Commissioners or Delegates for the Boroughs of Dingwa/l, Dornock, and Kirkwall, voted for the said Colonel James the Commit!! oners or Delegates for the Boroughs of Wick and Tain voted for the said Sir Adam; and that the

Votes of the Persons pretending to be Commissioners or Delegates for the said Boroughs of Dingwall, Dornock, and Kirkwall, ought not to have been allowed in the said Election, their Commissions having been improperly and illegally obtained, and not such as are required by Law; notwithstanding which, the said Colo* nel James Grant is returned as duly elected; and that the said Election and Return was brought about by Means of undue Influence, and is liable to lundry other Objections, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and their Right of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as the Nature of the same inquires, and the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 27th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Court* lei, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Pulteney, Esqtlire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Member £ie;t:CP4 to serve in Parliament for the County of Nairn, jn North Britain, it was obiedted, before the Poll began, to Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, by certain Freeholders then present, that he could not be a Candidate to rcpresent the said County, as having, by himself, or his Agents, given a Sum or Sums of Money, and used other undue Influence, for procuring Votes, and creating an Intertfl, at the then Election, and was, on that Account, by Law, disqualified from being elected; and therefore the Petitioner was proposed, though absent, as a Candidate; and that, in the course of the Election, she Majority Vt

N ‘"the

46

15 — 16° D

A.

1774-

the Freeholders, acting under the said undue Influence, an undue Election and Return and r,

refused to admit certain Freeholders upon the Roll, that the Tame will > and flatter themselves,

who declared their Votes, unde, Protest, in feour of voS;,„dToh«

the Petitioner; and certain other Freeholders standing- Dermiffpr! tn fl f in tka U ..... r. r\ <* i _

ttie retit.oner; and certain other Freeholders Handing permitted to fit in the House „

on the Roll did also vote for the Petitioner; and that the for the said Town of Smith* of?e the Burgesses

rest of the Freeholders voted for the said dofmoGordon, said Mr " "S?

although they were thus apprised of his Disqualification, may be heard, by their Counsel and f i* l.c^ and although the Fads, upon which tire Objection w£ Relief in the PreSfos"

founded, were notorious, and therefore their Votes became insufficient; and the Petitioner being the refore duly elected, he ought to have been returned; but the Returning Officer made a Return in favour ‘of the said Cosmo Gordoti: And therefore praying the ftoufe to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall seem equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 30th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the iothand nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted FJedfons, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,-the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iftiie his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

House shall think proper. Otdered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 4th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cales, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Cou.Tei, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Southampton A Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the Town Election. of Southampton, having a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, was read; Setting forth. That, though the Regulation and Government of the said Town is in the Mayor and Corporation, yet the Right of Election or choosing of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town is vested in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot; and that the honourable Charles Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Montagu, the Right honourable Hans Stanley, and Fleming, Esquire, offered themselves Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to represent the said Town in Parliament; and Mr. Stanley and Mr. Fleming were returned as duly elected; and that, though the Town of Southampton is governed by a Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and has a Sheriff of its own, and the Sheriff of Hampshire, or County of Southampton, has no Office to execute within the said Town, yet it has been usual. Time immemorial, for Persons having Freeholds there to vote for Knights of the Shire, or County at large, and One Battalion of the Militia of Hampjhtre, or County at large, is annually trained and exercised within the Town of Southampton, which seem to imply that the said Town is still a Part of the County at large, and . not totally distinct, or independent of the fame; and that the said Mr. Fleming, when he offered hunself a Candidate* and at the Time be was returned as a Bureefs to represent the said Town in Parliament, was, and still is, Sheriff of Hampshire, or the County of Southampton; and the Petitioners are ^med, that all Sheriffs are disabled from being elected, not only by an ancient Resolution of the House, but by the express Letter of His Majesty’s Writ, or Summons, directed to the Sheriffs, in

©bferve, are the following remarkable Words, Willins nevertheless, that neither you nor any other Sheriff of this our said Kingdom be m anywise " the Petitioners therefore think themselves

rhaterrieved and apprehend that the said Election

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Woollen whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made Manuiadure in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (A"eiK*-) intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to " Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of, in the Cotton,

" Linen, Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this " Kingdom," as relates to the Exportation of Tools or Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. IVilbraham Bootle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. IVilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Fenerts, 16* die Decembris;

Anno 15* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers,

R. IVilbraham Bootle, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an <

Ad, made in the 14th Year of, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the «» Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use " of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," as. relates to the Exportation of Tools or Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered1 in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fatae was read; and is

as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of »n Ad, made in the 14th Year^o

M'

Woollen

GOOgfo

15 Geo. III. 16* Decembris. 47

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Part* of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen,

" and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," be re*

> pealed, as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Gray, and Mr. Fuller, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Malt, &c. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Burcot A Petition of Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, Lord of ladofuK. the Manor, and of the Freeholders and other Proprietors of Estates, within the Hamlet of Burcot, in the Parish of Dorchester, and County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting so(?h. That there are, within the said Hamlet, several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Open and Common Lands, containing together 600 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Properties in the said Fields lie inconveniently dif-

ferfed, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of mprovement; and that it would be of considerable Advantage to the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Hamlet, if the said Fields, and also the said Open Meadows and Common Lands, were indofed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, Ti*at Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Griffith, do prepare, and bring in, the . fame.

Suwe’s An ingrossfed Bill for naturalizing Jacob Henry Nau was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Henry Suwe.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitivortk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Flintham A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Inclosure. Fields^ Open Meadows,. Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Flintham, in the County of , was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Griffith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Com Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House (Indian) to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, under certain Restrictions, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several VOL. 35.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are C.inrarvon thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other EkOion. Freeholders of the County of Carnarvon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,- That, at the lafb Election of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carnarvon, Sir Thomas

Baronet, and Thomas Afshe ton Smith, Elquife, were' Candidates; and that the said, Thomas Afsheton Smith, before and at the Poll, or his Agent or Agents on his Behalf, was or were guilty ot Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt many of the Freeholders of the said County; and, by those and other illicit Practices, induced several of the said Freeholders to vote for the said Thomas Afsheton Smith; and that, after the Dissolution of the late Parliament, and after the Teste of the Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire for the said County, the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, by himself and Agents, and by

other Ways and Means, on the Behalf, and at the Charge, of the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, before and during the Poll for the said County, did give,', present, and allow, and promise and engage to give, present, and allow, to the Freeholders of the said County, and to fe- . veral Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said County, Money, Meat,

Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure him the said Thomas Afsheton Smith to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said County, in open Defiance of the Law; and that, by those and other undue Means, a Majority of Votes were procured for the said Thomas Afsheton Smith, and he was returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said County, contrary to the Sense, and in Prejudice of the Rights, of the Petitioners, and many other Freeholders of the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as shall upon Examination appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 19th Day of May next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Thomas Wynn,

Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the-like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration,

' v

A Petition of the Burgesses and others, intitW to shrewlbary vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the Town Ele&um. of Shrewsbury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Burgesses and Voters, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, Robert Lord Clive, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Charlton Leighton, Esquire, and William,

Esquire, were Candidates; and that Thomas the Mayor, who was Returning Officer, did admit the Votes of many Persons for the said Charlton Leighton, which he ought to have rejected, and retufed the Votes of many Persons for the said William Pulteney, which he ought to have admitted, and by that Means stated a Majority in favour of the said Charlton Leighton of

Seven

16° Decembris.

A. 1774.

Seven Votes upon the Face of the Poll, and in consequence thereof made a Return in favour of the said Charlton Leighton, although the said William Pulteney would have had a great Majority if Justice had been done him, and ought therefore to have been returned in the Place of the said Charlton Leighton; and that many illegal Methods were practised by the said Charlton Leighton and his Agents, in order to induce various Persons to give their Votes in his Favour, or to withhold their Votes from the said William Pulteney: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises, into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as shall be reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of William Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by theml'elves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Encife. The House being informed that Mr. (from the Commissioners of the Excise) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Grols and Nett Produce of the Excise in England, for Three Years ending the 5th of July 1773; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read; #

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Call of the Ordered, That this House be called over upon

House. nesday the ift Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be lent forin Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Wednesday the ift Day of February next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow $ viz.

SIR,

From the House of Commons, 16th December 1774.

*1 am commanded by the House of Commons t6 acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of yodr

♦ Courity and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, upon Wednesday the ift Day of

*February next; the House of Commons intending to

*♦ proceed with the utmdft Severity against such of their Members as shall then neglect to attend the Sendee of

the House; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Flr Norton, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 16th December 1774.

My Lord,

1 am commanded by the House of Commons to dc-fire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament upon Wednesday the ift Day of February next; the House of Commons intending to proceed with the utmost Severity against such of their Members as shall then neglect to attend the Service of the House; your Lordship will also be plealed to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereupon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship's Moll humble and obedient Servant,

Flr Norton, Speaker.

To the Right honourable the Earl of

Holdemeffe, Lord Warden of the

Cinque Ports.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Suppty. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-lider further of t he Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, from the 25th December 1774 to the 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive, being 365 Day*, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including thofein Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1774 to the 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Establishment, of Three Battalions, and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, a'nd Minorca, from 25th December 1774 to 24th December 1775, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1775, be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1775, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means.

House,

i5 Geo. III. 16° — 17°

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 17® Decembris \

Anno 15* Georgii III*" Regis, 1774.

Prayers-

Marine f\Rdered’, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Forces. the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, the Lord burne, and Mr. Tucker, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Malt, A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, &c* certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply. Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord Barrington accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table s Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-two Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Forty-seven Effediive Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Tlmt a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-seven thousand Six hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Five hundred and Forty-ftven Effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year

*775- . . r

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-six thousand One hundred and Eighty-six Pounds and Ten Pence and One-eighth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and , and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia,

foundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 177?.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Four Shillings ->and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Ir'.Jh Establishment of Three Battalions, and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the Ife of Man, at Gibraltar, and Minorca, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, VOL. 35.

Decemb'risx 49

That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Four hundred and Seventy-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-4wo Thousand Two hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account* towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chc/fea Hospital, for the Year

1775*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty-eight Thousand and Fifty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1774.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the ^dtter Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that

the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the County of Westmoreland, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said County, Sir James Baronet, Sir MichaelLeFleming, Baronet, and Thomas Fenwick,

Esquire, were Candidates; and that, during the Course of the Poll, divers Persons, who had no Estate. of Freehold, but mere Customary Tenures within the Town of Kendal and Parts adjacent, in the said County, were admitted to poll by the Sheriff, and now (land as Voters on the Poll, and also many other Persons were admitted to vote, who had no Right; and divers other irregular Practices were made use of, contrary to Law, and to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners: And

therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 7th Day of'July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confide-ratiop.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, on Behalf of themselves and divers others of the Electors for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and

O read;

Army:

Mutiny and Desertion.

Westmore-

land

Election.

Dorchester

Election.

50 17* — 190 D 1774.

read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Darner, William Ewer, and Anthony , Esquires,

were Candidates; and that divers Persons were admitted to vote, and did vote (who were neither Inhabitants or Occupiers of Real Estates within the said Borough) who had no Right; by Means whereof, and of other illegal Practices, the Petitioners Rights and Franchises have been greatly infringed, who are the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the toth Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of Anthony Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were fertt to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

rcester A Petition of the several Freemen of the City of ;6tion. Worcester, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on

Behalf of themselves and several other Freemen of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, Sir Wat kin,

Knight, John Waljh and Thomas Bates , Esquires, were Candidates; and that, previous to and at the said Election, the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of Bribery and other unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected, and particularly William Mathers, Esquire, the Mayor, and several Aldermen, Justices, and Common Councilmen, of the said City, acted as Agents for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Row, and bribed upwards of 300 Freemen to vote for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, under Colour of appointing and swearing in such Freemen to be Constables, to preserve the Peace at the said Election, promising them certain Rewards, in Money and otherwise, if they would give their Votes in favour of the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous-, and that the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, after the Difi'olution of the late Parliament, and after the ordering the Writs of Election for the present Parliament, and previous to and during the Poll at the late Election for the said City, did, by themselves, and by other Ways and Means on their Behalf, give, present, and allow, to divers Persons having a Right to vote at the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to be defied Members to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that, by these and other undue Means, the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous unjustly procured a Majority upon the Poll, in open Defiance of the Law, and gross Violation of the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant such Relief thereupon as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 23d Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Watkin , Knight, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and

nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent *

to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Burke, according to Order, reported from the c°rn Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to (*nd‘*n*' allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, udder certain Restrictions, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 190 die Decembris;

Anno 150 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to allow the Importation of Indian Corn Corn and Maize, under certain Restrictions, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, under certain Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Woollen Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Manufjtiuro 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- (A®er, C4*) tuled, " An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign " Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen,

" Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of James Corry, and John Cox, on Behalf IreJchester of themselves and others, being Inhabitants, House £lctt, om holders, Parishioners, and Voters, within the Borough of lvelchester, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thait, at the late Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Peregrine Cust, William Innes, Richard Brown, and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners conceiving themselves to be legal Voters, and, being in the interest of Mr. Brown and Mr. Jones, did offer their Votes, but were \rejefted by Christopher Lockyer, the Returning Officer, under Pretence of not being legal Voters, although at the same Time he accepted many Voters who claimed under tire feme Right, and suffered others to vote, whom the Petitioners conceive had no Right, that were in the Interest of Mr. Cust and Mr. Innes; and that Money and Provisions were given, and Promises of Reward made, to many of the Voters, to influence them to vote for the j 1

said Mr. Cujl and Mr. Innes; by which undue Influence and Partiality, they were returned to serve in Parliament

for

15 Geo. III. 190 Decemhris. 51

far the fliid Borough, to the trtanifeft Prejudice of the Ttao other Candidates, and the undoubted Right of the free Voters in the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuefddy the 13th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jonas, Esquires, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Yean of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

'fcfaldea A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Election. thereunder subscribed, Freemen of the Borough of Maiden, in the County of on Behalf of themselves and other Freemen of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Right honourable Drigue Lord Waltham in the Kingdom of Ireland, the honourable Richard Savage Nassau, and John , Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Mr. and Mr. Strutt, by

themselves and their Agents, after the Dissolution of the kite Parliament, and after the Vacancy in the said Borough, and previous to and during the late Election for the said Borough, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote; and did, by themselves and their Agents on their Behalf, or at the Charge of the said Mr. Nassau or Mr. Strutt, before and during the Poll for the said Borough, give, present, and allow, to the Freemen of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had or claimed a Right to vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, or Provision, in order to procure them the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by allowing and giving such Money, Meat, Drink, Rewards, and Entertainment, great Riots, Tumults, and Disorders, were occasioned at the said Election, whereby many Persons, who had a Right to vote, were beat, knocked down, and otherwise ill treated, and deterred and hindered from polling at the said Election, and the Peace of the said Borough was greatly disturbed and broken; and that several Persons who had, or claimed to have had, a Right to vote in the said Election (many of whom had previously and repeatedly avowed their Intentions to give their Voices in Support of Lord Waltham, one of the Candidates) were, by the Agents of Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt, after the Dissolution of the late Parliament, and after the Proclamation of the Writ, and previous to the said Election, taken to, and entertained at, the Seat of and by the Lord Lieutenant of the County, and a Peer of the Realm, for several Days and Nights, from whence they were brought to the said Election.and polled for the said Mr . Nafanand Mr. Strutt; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Interference of a Lord Lieutenant of a County, and a Peer of the Realm, in the Elections of the Representatives of the People, to be highly dangerous, and subversive of the Rights of Election, and a flagrant Violation of the Law and Confutation of Parliament; but that, by those and other unlawful Practices, many Persons voted for the said Mr. Najau and Mr. Strutt, who would otherwise have voted for Lord Waltham, whereby an Unfair Majority ap-

Vql. s$-

peared upon the Poll for Mr. Nassau and Mr. # though in fail Lord Waltham had a Majority of legal Votes; and the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt were accordingly returned to serve the said Borough in Parliament, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, and to the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken info Consideration upon 7'uefday the 16th Day of May next, at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honourable Drigue Lord Waltham in the Kingdom of Breland, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His Present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders far their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Honitoa thereunto-subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others Medioa. the Electors of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was prefened to the House, and Read; Setting forth. That, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, John Baring, and Lawrence Cox, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Sir George Yonge, by himself or his Agents, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and used several illegal, undue, and in* direct, Practices, to procure Votes for himself at the said Election; and that, by Bribery, Corruption, and several other illegal and undue Practices, the said Sir George Yonge procured himself to be returned, to the manifest injury of the Petitioners, and contrary to the Laws of the Land; and that the said John Baring also, by himself or his Agents, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and used several illegal and indiredb Practices, to procure Votes for him at the said Election: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Baring, of Mount Radford, in the County of Devon, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memoraudum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the lothand nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, was pre- Morpeth fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, at the last General Election for Members to serve in Parliament, the Petitioner, together with Francis Eyre, Peter , and William Byron, Esquires, were Candidates for the Borough. of Morpeth, in the county of ,

when the said Francis Eyre and Peter Delml were declared duly elected, and returned accordingly; and that several Persons, who voted for the said DtlnU and Byron, were, by several corrupt, illegal, and undue, Practices of Andrew Fenwick, one of the Returning Officers, and others. Agents for the said Delml and Byron, prevailed

upon

Morpeth

Election.

EflVx

Election.

52 190 Deeembris. A. 1774.

tjpon to vote for the said Dtlme and Byron; and the said Andrew Fenwick, and others the Agents of the said

Delme and Byton, used several corrupt, illegal, and undue Pratflices, to obtain Votes for the said and

Byron at the said Election; whereby, and by the Partiality of the Returning Officers, in rejeding the Petitioner’s Votes, he was not returned, as he ought to have been: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and thereupon declare the said Francis Eyre and the Petitioner duly elected, or give the Petitioner such other Relief as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Aldermen and free Burgell'es of the Borough of M, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the said Election, Francis Eyre, Thomas Charles Bigge, Peter Delme, and William Byron, Esquires, were Candidates j and that the said Francis Eyre and Peter Delme, Esquires, were declared duly elected, and returned accordingly; and that several Persons, who voted for the said Delme and Byron, were, by several corrupt, illegal, and undue, Practices of Andrew Fenwick, one of the Returning Officers, and others, Agents for the said Delme and Byrcn, prevailed upon to vote for the said Delme and Byron; and the said Andrew Fenwick, and others the Agents of the said Delme and Byron, used several corrupt, illegal, and undue, Practices, to obtain Votes for the said Delme.and Byron; and the Returning Officer

Tejeded several legal Votes, who voted for Eyre and Bigge: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and thereupon declare the said Francis Eyre and Thomas Charles Bigge duly elected, and the said rejected Votes legal Votes.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration upon the 24th

Day of January next, at the same Time that the Petition of the honourable William Byron is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and lith-Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or

- Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied-with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Considera-. tion.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Eledors and Freeholders of the County of EJj'ex, in the Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Elec-lion of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the said County, the Right honourable Lord Waltham, John Luther and John Conyers, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, on Friday the 14th Day of October last, being the Day appointed by the Proclamation for holding the County Court, and for the said Election, the Freeholders of the said County were assembled at Chelmsford in great Numbers; for the said Purpose, by Eight of the Clock, in the Forenoon, and before; and that the High Sheriff of the said County did not appear to open the County Court, nor proceed in the said Eiedion, at the Timed prescribed by Law for that Purpose; nor was the Court opened, or the Ring’s Writ read, till within Half an Hour of One of the Clock in the Afternoon of the said 14th Day of October, though the Ad made and provided for that Purpose, expressly directs, that the Eledion shall beginbetween the Hours of Eight and Eleven iff the Forenoon; and that Enquiries were repeatedly -made for the High Sheriff, of the Person who officiated as apey

Deputy to the Under Sheriff; and that the said Deputy was given to understand, by Counsel, that it was necefi* fary to proceed to the Business of the said Election, as the Time prescribed by the Statute expired at Eleven of the Clock; and that the said Deputy declared, that he had no Authority to open the Court, nor could the Election be proceeded on before the Arrival of the High Sheriff; and that, upon the Arrival of the High Sheriff, which was between the Hours of Twelve and One of the Clock of the said 14th Day of the King’s

Writ was read, and the Court adjourned for Two Hours; at the Expiration of which Time, the Candidates and Freeholders again appeared; but that the said High Sheriff, in an illegal and unprecedented Manner, adjourned the Court to the Monday following, without proceeding to take the Poll of a single Vote, without the Consent, and to the Prejudice, of Lord Waltham, one of the Candidates, who, by himself and by his Counsel, repeatedly protested against the Adjournment, to the great Injury and Expence of the Petitioners, and great Numbers of the Freeholders, who attended from distant Places for the aforesaid Purpose, and in open Violation of the Law in such Cases made and provided; and also that the said Mr. Luther and Mr.

Conyers, by themselves or their Agents on their Behalf, after the Difl'olution of the late Parliament, and after the Vacancy in the said County, and previous to and during the Poll for the said County, did give, present, and allow, to the Freeholders of the said County, and to several Persons who had, or claimed, a Right to vote in the Election for the said County, and to the said County in general. Meat,.

Drink, Reward, Entertainment, or Provision, in order to procure them the said Mr. Luther and Mr. Conyers to be elected, and for being elected, to serve in Parliament for the said County; and that, by these and other unlawful Practices, the said Mr. Luther and Mr. Conyers procured themselves to Be returned Representatives for the said County, in open Violation of the Law, and the Right of Election, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and others the Freeholders and Electors of the said County; and therefore praying the Hpufe to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give them such' Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the nth Day of July nfcxt, at.

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts made in the icth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the Borough of Down ton Downton, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the Election. House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, John Cooper, Thomas Duncombe, and Thomas Dummer, Esquires, were Candidates, and Edward Poore, Esquire, was the Returning Officer; and that the said Edward Poore allowed several pretended Freeholders (who were fraudulently created, in order to multiply Votes at the said Election) to vote for the said Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Dimmer, who had no Right; by which Means, a pretended Majority of Votes was received upon the Poll for the said Mr. Dun-

combe

Malt, Sec.

Hats, &c. Manufacture,

15 Geo. III.

combe and Mr. Dimmer , and they were accordingly declared duly elected, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the rest of the legal Freeholders of the said Borough, who alone have a Right to vote in the FJcdionof Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as they shall think just and real'onable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 31st Day of January next, at the feme Time that the Petition of Sir Philip , Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His, present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were Pent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the vVhole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be ari Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct, that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1775, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1773, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1775.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-reded him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more " effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed " by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, " and in the Woollen, Linen, Fuftain, Cotton, Iron, " Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-

Prelfers, and of all Persons employed in the said " several Manufactures, and for the better Payment " of their Wages," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning!

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refdlvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 20° die;

Anno 15" Georgii III*11 Regis, 1774.

Prayers,

MR. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Buller (from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1775And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are pro-poled to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1775.'

And the Titles of the said Ellimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate are as followeth;

19° — 200 Decembris.

Vox.. 35. P ABSTRACT

Ways and Means*

Supply.

Marine

Forces.

Estimafes from the Admiralty.

54

20° Decembris

A. 1774

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1775.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of I>ord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers .-

3. Pensions and other Allowances

10,143 .3 7 6,473 1 7

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9-

Yards.

1 f Chatham' -

Deptford -Woolwich -Portsmouth -t Sheerness Plymouth -

4,200 5 0

3*64° 11 4

3.287 16 0

6,106 10 0

2,434 8 6

4,868 11 2

10. Muller Mailers and other Officers of the Out Ports -

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - -

12. Viiftuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c. ——

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains -

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1775

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, lor the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1 775, Ten thousand Pounds -

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1775, amounts to Four hundred Fifty-four thousand Six hundred Eighty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

O

46,212 8 1

26,616 5 *

24,51s 2 —

5,410 16 1 1

5^.583 8 I I

22,293 9 2,

t 00 0 — 1

107,440 — —

I 10,000 — —

1,231 l7 6

5»499 8 1

444,680 lS 10

10,000

£454,680 *5 10

J. Williams. H. PalliJ'er,

Geo. A J P. Brett,

R. Pemyh.

aw

o

Navy Office, :3th 1774.

An E S T I M A T E of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 17755 prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons 5 dated the 9th Infant.

Pfcce where. Guns. Ships Names, Nature of their Repair. — :# — Time when may be f. Charge of thejir total.

Taken in Hand. i Completed. Hulls, Malls, and - Yards. Rigging and Stores.

i £ ’ J-

Deptford - 74 Culloden - - - - Building - - - - in Hand - - October next - 20,000 ‘41*54 *4>254

Alexander - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - June 1777 - - 3,000 - - 3,000

Alcide - - - - Builcfag - - - - " fn Hand - - Uncertain - 2,000 - 2,000

64 America - - - - Building - - - ..In Hand - July 1776 - - - 3,000 m 3,000

20 r Galatea ----- Building -. - - V' (V In Hand - March 1776 - 1,000 - - 1,000

| 23 / Enterprize - - - Built - - ----- - ‘ m - - . 1,490 1,490

: 5° Experiment - - - Built - -- - - - - 1 - «' m — 2,810 2,810

Romttey - Large Repair - -: In Hand- -- - This Month - - 2>537 2>53 7

3* ---- 1 Middling Repair - t In Hand - This Month -- - - U392 J>392

Wroohvi(h , 74 Bedford - - - - Building - - - - , In Hand - - September next - - i3>5°° 5’943 - 19,443

---- Ordered to be built 1,500 1,500

64 - - - \ Building - - - In Hand - - September 1776 - - 2,500 . 1,696 4,196

28 ASleon - - - . - Building - - - In Hand" - - March next - - - 600 U477 - 2,077

fco Daphne - - - t Building - - - 1 Jn Hand- -- - March 1776 - - 1,000 - 7*9 *>7'

Sloop Cjtw - - - - «- Ordered to be built ' m * m 500 m m 500

74 Thunderer - - - Middling Repair- - ’» — m - m — I, COO - . - 1,000

Small Repair - - -- - m , t 500 m 5° 0

C&atharh % *" + 90 formidable - -- - Building ----- -i [:. In Hand - - Uncertain- - - - 8,000 - 3,000 11,000

74. - - - - Building - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 2,000 m — 2,000

Montagt% Building ----- - In Hand — - Uncertain - - - 2,000 - 2,000

Stealing Castle- Building - - - - k: 1 H^ad — - Qttober next - - 5,000 1,090 6,090

1 I 40 Camilla - - - - Building - - - - ... 1 In Hand -- - Uncertain - - - 1,000 500 1,500

1

(Continue

Ui

a

w

O

CJI

cn

Ln

OS

OO Namur - - - Large Repair In Hand - - friar ck 1777 8,000 1,000 9,000

74 Cornwall - - - Large Repair In Hand - - October next - - 13.236 1,000 14,236

5® ----- , Built - - - - I ' f 1,242 1,242* 1

Sheerness 64 Polyphemus - - - Building - - - - In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - 2,000 - - " 2,000

5° Brijlot.- - - Building - - - ~ In Hand - - September next, - - 5>00<? 2,898 7,898

Sloop Atalanta - - - Building - - - In Hand - - November next - 2,000 j 500 - 2,500

rortfmouth % - - - 90 Saint George - - - Building - - - - ‘ In Hand - - - Uncertain - - - - i 6,000 6,00a

74 Berwick - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - April next - - - j 9,000 3»437 12>43 7

— L , Warrior Building ----- In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 4,006 4,000

64 Lion - - - Building - - - - In Hand -- - April 1776 - - - 8,000 2,363 - 10,363

20 Sphinx - - - - Building - - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 1,900 1,900

Sloop Cygnet ----- Building - - - - In Hand - -- Uncertain - - - 1,600 1,600

74 Arrogant - - - - Y Between Small and 7 i Middling Repair j January next - Uncertain - - - 7.5°° . a»594 10,094

Dragon - _- - 1C BetweenSmalland 7 1 Middling Repair,) January next - Uncertain - - - 7,000 2,495 ' 9,495

Plymouth ----- IOO Roy/?/ Sovereign -- - Building - - - In Hand - -- - December 1779 - — - 8,o©o - - 8,000

90 Z)//fo - -- - * Building - - - In Hand - ;- - December 1777 - - - 9,000 ' i,ooa 10,000

G/orj - - Building -- - In Hand - - December 1781 - - 5,000 - - 5,000

64 Building-- -- In Hand -- - December \777- - 4,000 1,000 5,000

74 ► Fame - ----- - Middling Repair - In Hand - -- - December next - - - 8,000 - - - 8,000

r " Defence - - - - Small Repair - - - Match next - - December next -- - - 5,000 - - 5,000

60 Rippon ~ - Small Repair-- -- In Hand - -» November next- -- - 4,000 1,792 5.792

- - - - Total: king’s Yards - - - 186,336 48,229 234 »56S

MERCHANTS YARD.

N

CD

Q. cr Harwich ---- 74 Sultan - - - - Building - - - In Hand - - September next 13A34 4.140 1 7,574

0 0 i Grand Total for the Ships - - 199,770 51.369 - 252,139

10° Decembris. A. 1774.

j8 20° Decembris. . 1774-

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Burcot Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlet of , and Parish of Dorchester, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Normanton, Petition of several of the Land Owners, and Indofurt. Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the District of , in

the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also in a certain Open Meadow, called Cow Meadow, in the Parish of Southwell aforesaid, was presented to the House, and reach Setting forth. That the Petitioners arc Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said District of and also in the

Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell, which l?e intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated, so that the same are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that if the fame, together with the Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Parties concerned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wyldbore and Si§ Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame. „

» I

Herbert Mackworth, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess Midha 11

to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of r,t* Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Midhnrjl, in the County of made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Cardiff.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhnrjl, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Herbert

Esquire.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Ditto, received a Letter from Clement Tud Esquire, informing him, that he Is detained in the Country upon his private Affairs; and that he being chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of in

the County of Somerset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Midhurf, in the County of Sussex, made his Election to serve for the said City of Wells.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough -of Midhurff, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Clement Tudway,

Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Leicester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leicester, in the room of the honourable Thomas Noel, now Lord Viscount Wentworth, called up to the House of Peers.

Jtfalt, 4tc. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service-of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was committed, the Amendments wTrtcli the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed- to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Richmond Thomas Dundas, Esquire, being.chosen a Commissioner (York) to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Writ. Stirling, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said Shire of Stirling.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, in the room of the said Thomas Dundas, Esquire.

Wendover John Adams, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve Writ. in this present Parliament for the Borough of Carmarthen, in the County of Carmarthen, and also a Buigefs for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ

for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, in the roOm of the said John Adams, Esquire. , *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cricklade the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Buigefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Earle, Esquire,

deceased.

James Scawen, Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Mitchell Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County Wnt. of Surrey, and also a Buigefs for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, made his El eft ion serve for the said County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said James Scawen,

Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Great the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Bedwyn the Electing of a Buigefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedzoyn, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James

Stopford, Earl of Courtvwn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckin.

Sir William Mayne, Baronet, being chosen a Citizen Gutton to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canter- Writ. bury, in the County of Kent, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, made his Election to serve for the said City of Canterbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gat, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said Sir Mayne,

Baronet.

Hubert

15 Geo. III. 20° — 21° D. 59

Gatton Robert Scott, Esquire, being chosen a Burgefe-to serve Wm* in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wot ton Basset, in the County of Wilts, and also a Burgefcfor the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Wotton Buffet.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said Robert Scott, Esquire.

Way* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported and Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings tn the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1775, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cel's, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Charles To the Lord,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Seton, was presented to the House, arc.’ and read; Setting forth. That at the last Election of

Election, a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Elgin, Banff, Cullen, Kintore, and in North Britain, Thomas Lockhart, Esquire, and Colonel Morris, were Candidates; and the said Colonel Morris was returned; and that the said Thomas Lockhart, being then very much indisposed and confined to his House in London, was not present at the said Election, and has since gone to Lisbon, in the Kingdom of Portugal, for the Recovery of his Health; and that the Friends of the said Thomas Lockhart, being convinced the Election of the said Colonel Morris was brought about by undue Influence and unlawful Means, did dispatch an Express to London to the Petitioner, with Orders to have a Petition, in the Name of the said Thomas Lockhart, presented to the House j but that Authority not being sufficient, the Petitioner dispatched another Express to Scotland, to inform them thereof; and that the said Boroughs are situated in the Northern Parts of Scotland, at a very great Distance from London; and that last Night, about Nine o’Clock, the Petitioner received another Express, with a Petition, signed by George Ogilvy, Esquire, a Constituent Member of the Borough of Cullen, in Behalf of himself and the other Counsellors of that Borough, complaining of the Election of the said Colonel Morris; which Petition the Petitioner immediately lodged with the Clerk of the House of Commons; and that the Time allowed to Petitioners, by the House, for questioning the Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, expired Yesterday; but the Petitioner hopes, that, when the Absence of the said Thomas Lockhart, the great Distance of the Place of Election, and the Badnels of the Roads at this Season of the Year, are considered, the House will fee Vou 35.

Cause for dispensing, in the present Instance, with their Order of the Fifth of December Instant: and therefore praying the House, that the Petition of the said George Ogilvy may be received.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present the Petition of the said George Ogilvy, as desired by^the said John Seton;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning," and inlerting the Words " the 20th Day of January next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" Hand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j J

Tellers for.be No } >3-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yees,{^;";G-«' }

Tellers for the Noes, j J

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division, that Forty Members were not present; and it being then after Four of the Clock,

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 21® die D;

Anno i5* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1774.

Pa AYERS.

N ingrossed Bill for continuing, and granting to Malt, &c.

His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry to the Lords the Sowe’» ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Jacob Henry Suwe, and Nat; desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Woollrn Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Manufettare tituled, " An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign (Amwica)Parts of Utepfils made use of in the Cotton, Linen,

" Woollen, and Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

6o 21’ — 23" Decembris.^ A. 1774

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 23d Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Normanton, Mr. Wyldbore presented to the House, according to &c. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Often Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the District of Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Marine A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces. Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 23d

Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Newport The Right honourable Humphry Morice being chosen Wnta a Butgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Launcejon, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Launceston.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall\ in the room of the said Humphry Morice.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Kahn’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 4t* naturalizing George Ernjl de Hahn; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wine heft er Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. Qgj-k of Crown, tb make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Henry Pent on, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

The Orders of the D ay being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means. ing nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply# Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to ' His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Decem

' Anno i'5° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1774.

Prayers.

(\Rderedy That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Nottinghan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the Eleding of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Nottingham, in the room of the honourable 'Thomas iVilloughby, now Lord Middleton, called up to the House of Peers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr; Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Malt, &c. Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-fivej without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Com to allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, Cludian). under certain Restrictions -, without any Amendment:

And also.

The (Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Suwe’*

Act for naturalizing Jacob Henry Suzve; without any Amendment. *

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Minehead the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Henry Fownes Lnttrell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordere d That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to EastLoo the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Loo, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Charles Whitworth, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Salta/b the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Eieding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall\ in the room of Thomas Bradshaw, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- winchd/ca ceived a Letter from Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire, informing Writ, him, that he was obliged to go out of Town, on particular Business; and that he being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and also a Baron for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of j

Cricklade.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Arnold Nesbitt,

Esquire.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment. 8 House

i c Geo. III. 2X° Decembris. 61

House this Day, adjourn till the 19th Day of

January next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 23d an Means. £jay of jantlary next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. $upply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 23d

Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of

the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Royal A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-Assent ntux. Gentleman Ulher of the B'rck Rod:

ms.Mr* SPeaker>

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several Public and One Private Bill following;

An Act for continuing, and granting to his Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five:

An Act to allow the Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, under certain llestrictions:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Henry Sitwe.

Morpeth The House was moved, That the Petition of the Election. honourable William , and also the Petition of

' ' several Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of , which were

presented to the House upon Tuesday the 6th Day of this Instant December, with the Orders made thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which were presented to the House upon Monday last, with the several Orders made thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the Orders made upon the 19th Day of this Instant December, for taking into Consideration the Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Aldermen and free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election for the said Borough, upon Tuesday the 24th Day of January next, at the feme Time that the Petition of the honourable William Byron, complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough, is ordered to be taken into Consideration, be discharged.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 19th Day of this Instant December, for taking into Consideration the Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Morpeth, upon Tuesday the 24th Day of January next, at the same Time that the Petition of the honourable William Byron, complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough, is ordered to be taken into Consideration, be discharged.

VOL.35.

Ordered, That the Order, made^upon the said 19th Day of December, for taking into Consideration the Petition of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth, upon Tuesday the said 24th Day of January next, be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, be taken into Consideration upon the

12th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday the " 12th Day of July," and inserting the Words "

" day the 26th Day of January," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 12th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-ppfed, That the Petition of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 12th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petition of Thomas Charles Bigge, F.squire, is ordered to be taken into £on-sideration.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " upon" to the End of the Question, and inferring the Words '

" Wednesday the First Day of February next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,] } 88.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was refelved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 12th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again ftnt to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

The House was moved. That the Petition of John Elgin, Seton, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday &c-. last, might be again read. Election.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th Day of this Instant December, " That all " Persons who will question any Returns of Members " to serve inJParliament, do question the feme within " Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days " next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for l wo or more " Places do make their Election by this Day Three " Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that " Place; and if any thing iiiall come in question " touching the Return or Election of anyM. mber, he " is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double " Returns, do withdraw till their Returns arc determined," might be read.

R And

4k

6 2 i3° -

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Petition of George Ogilvy, Esquire, referred to in the Petition of Mr. Seton, having been lodged with the Clerk of this House on Monday the 19th Day of this Instant December, after the Ilifing of the House on that Day, and having the next Day been offered to be presented to the House, be now received;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}*4-

!The Marquis of Carmar- then, >55.

Mr. Gajcoyne: J

So it passed in the Negative*

-19°. Januarii. 1775*

the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act.

And Mr. Bayly moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Bayly% Mr. Puller, Sir Charles Bunbury, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Three Weeks, the 19th Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovisy 190 die Januarii0,

Castle Alexander Wedderburn, Esquire, being chosen a Uur*-Wrif g^s tofetve 'n this present Parliament for the Borotigh of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Castle Rijing, in the County of Norfolk, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Oakhampion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Etefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cajile Rising, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the said Alexander Wedder-burn, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. hitler have ‘"Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An Act, made in the 14th Year of His present Ma*>

jesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in u the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and " Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian,

- u Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair,

" and Silk Manu&ftures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-Pressers, and of all Persons employed v< in the said several Manufactures, and for the better " Payment of their Wages," was read.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bayly took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bayly reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bayly accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move

Aririo 150 Georgii IIP" Regis, X 775.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted Hie I-ioufe, That, in pur- Writs fuance of the Directions of an Act, passed ih i^ued irt the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Rcce* intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House " of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new " Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die " during the liecefs of Parliament," he had issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Derby, in the room of Godfrey Bagnall Clarke, Esquire.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- Estimate* suant to their Address to His Majesty, &c.

Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive HalfPay in Great Britain with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1775: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1775: And also,

Estimate of the Charge ct the Aik wances to the Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1775.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716 i with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1775.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

i5 Geo. Ill

190 Januarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1775.

Per Dieiii.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1774 to 24th December 1775, inclusive For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse - *

For the annual Allowances to Nine Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at 10. per Anmm each ——

For 37 Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem each

288 n 1 1

1 1

d.

4

2

7

Total - -

War Office, 19th January 1775.

Barrington.

For 365 Days.

£ s. d.

105,326 16 8

386 5 10

90-----

3$3 *7 11

£. 106,197 —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay,

for the Year 1775.

Allowances to the Widows for the Year 1775

War Office, 19th January 177 c.

Barrington,

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

iDerby Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re-Wi-it. ceived a Letter from IVenman Coke, Esquire, informing him, that he was prevented by Illnels from making his Appearance in the House upon this Day; and that he being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , and also a

Burgess for the Borough of in the County of

Derby, makes his Election to serve for the said County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Derby, in the room of the said IVenman Coke, Esquire.

George JobiJione, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Vox*. 35*

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth pleby in the County of Westmoreland, and also a Bur- Writ gefs for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Appleby.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of the said George,

Esquire.

Fletcher Norton, Esquire, being chosen a Citizen to Ditto, serve in this present Parliament for the City of,

in the County of Cumberland, and allb a Burgess for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the said County made his Election to serve for the said City of Carlisle.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eiefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

i 90 Jdnuarii.

j. 1775.

ment for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of the said Fletcher Norton, Esquire’

Milborne Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do

Election attenc^ &is House Tomorrow Morning, with the last e ion' Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset.

American* The Lord North presented to the House, by His Colonies. Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to the honourable Governor Gage, dated Whitehall, 9 April 1774; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Minute of the Treasury Board, on 31 ft March 1774: And also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boftony 19 May 1774: Received 22 inclosing,

jN° 4. Extract from TV/*? Massachuset's Gazette, of 19 1774: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated. Boston,

31 Afoy 1774* Received 5 7«/y; inplofing,

N° 6. Lift of the Counsellors, and Copy of the Governor’s Speech to both Houses: And also,

N® 7* Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to the honourable Governor Gage, dated White-hall, 3 June 1774: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gdrftf to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 26 June 1774: Received 2 August; inclosing,

N° 9. Copy of the Address of the Council, and Governor Gage's Reasons for refuting it.

N° 10. Copy of the Resolves of the House of Representatives, before they proceeded to Business at Salem.

N° 11. Copy of Address of the House of Repre-fentatives.

N° 12. Copy of the Resolves of the House of Representatives, 17 June 17741 And also,

N° 13. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Salem,

5 July 1774: Received 2 August', inclosing,

N° 14. Copy of a Proclamation.

N° 15. Cftpy of1 a Circular Letter, and of a Paper called A League and Covenant."

N° 16. Copy of Proceedings at a Town Meeting at Bofion, 2 7

N° 17. Copy of the Protest of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Worcester, against the Proceedings of the Town Meeting on 20 June:

And also,

N° 18. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston,

- 20 7#/y 1774: Received 7 September: And also,

N° 19. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Salem,

27 7#/y 1774: Received 7 September; inclosing,

N° 20. Copy of a Notification for a Town Meeting: And also,

N° 21. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Governor to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Salem,

27 August 1774; Received 1 October , inclosing,

N° 22. Lift of Counsellors.

N° 23. Extrad of a Letter from Hampshire County, of 10 August 1774.

N° 24. Copy of a Letter from the Boston Committee of Correspondence, to the several Counties.

N® 25. Cony of a Paper polled up at Salem: And also,

N® 26. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston,

,2d September 1774: Received 1 October; inclosing,

N° 27. Copy of Minute of Council, held at Boston, . 31 ft August: And also,

N° 28. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 3 September 1774: Received ill October \ inclosing,

N° 29. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Oliver to Governor Gage, dated 2d Sep-tembei': And also,

N°3o. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 20 September 1774: Received 18 November; inclosing, N® 31. Copy of a Letter from the Judges of the inferior Court of the County of Hampshire.

N° 32. Account of Proceedings against the inferior Court of Springfield in the County of Hampshire.

N° 33. Copy of Mr. Paine's Account of the Proceedings at Worcester

N° 34. Copy of a Letter to Joftah Edson, Esquire, and Form of a Resignation as Counsellor, therein inclosed.

N° 35. Copy of proceedings at the Meeting of the Delegates of the County of Suffolk,;

N° 36. Copy of the Proceedings of the Committee of Correspondence in the County of Worcester.

N® 37. Copy of Proceedings of the Committee of Correspondence at Worcester, 9th August.

N® 38. Reasons of the Grand and Petit Juries, for declining to serve: Delivered into Court, 30 August 2774: And also,

N° 39. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gave to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Bofion, 25th 5 eptember 1774*. Received 18th Novemberincloling,

N® 40. Extract of a Letter from Major General Hal dim and, dated 13 September.

N0, 41. Copy of a Paper polled up at New

Tori:,

N° 42. Copies of Messages to Governor Gage, and his Answer.

N°43. Copy of Two Resolutions, entered into by the Congress at Philadelphia: And also,

N° 44. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston,

3d of October 1774: Received 13th December; inclosing,

N® 45. Copy of a Proclamation issued by Governor Gage, and Resolves of a Committee for the County of Worcester; And also,

Nc 46. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston,

17 October 1774: Received 23d December; inclosing,

N® 47. Copy of Inllrudions given by the Committee of the County of Worcester, to Mr. 77-mothy Bigelow, a Member chosen to represent them in the Great and General Court of the Province of Mafia c hufet's Bay.

N°48. Copy of Inllrudions given by the Committee of the County of Worcester to Mr. Timothy Bigelow, a Member to represent them in the Provincial Congrels at Concord.

N® 49. Copy of an Address of the Committee of the County of Wor cester to Governor Gage.

N° 50. Copy of a Second Address of the Committee of the County of Worcester to Governor Gage.

N° 51. Copy of Governor Gage's Answer to the Committee of the County of Worcester.

N® 32. Proceedings of a Congress of Committees for the County of Hampshire, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay; and Resolves of the County of Bristol.

N° 33. Resolves of a Provincial Congrels at Concord, October 14, 1774.

N° 34-

15 Geo. III. 190 Januarii.

N° 54. Copy of a Message from the Provincial Congress at Concord to Governor Gage.

N9 55. Copy of Governor Gage's Answer thereto: And also,

N° 56. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl'of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 30 October, and 2d of November 1774: Received 2d January 1775; inclosing,

N* 57. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Peyton Randolph, Esquire, President of the Continental Congress fitting at Philadelphia, to the honourable Governor Gage.

N° 58. Copy of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the honourable Peyton Randolph, Esquire.

N8 59. Copy of a Message, by a Committee from the Provincial Congrets to the honourable Governor Gage.

N-° 60. Proceedings of a Provincial Congress held at Cambridge, on the 21/I and 26th of October 1774; And also,

N° 61. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, November 15th, 1774: Received 3d January 1775; inclosing,

N° 62, Copy of a Proclamation issued by Governor Gage: And also,

N° 63. Extradt of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 1 j December 1774: Received 10 January 1775; inclosing,

N° 64. Proceedings of a Provincial Congress at Cambridge.

N° 65. Copy of a Letter taken from the Boston Gazette.

N° 66. Votes of the Assembly of Rhode Island.

N° 67. Copy of an Act passed by the Assembly of Rhode Island: And also,

N° 68. Copy of a Note from Lord Viscount Lijburne to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated ill October 1774: inclosing,

N° 69. Copy of a Letter from Vice Admiral Graves to Mr. Stephens, dated Boston, 3d September 17 74: And also,

N° 70. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 15 November 1774; inclosing,

N° 71. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Graves to*Mr. Stephens, dated Boston, 23 6V/>-tember 17 74: And also,

N° 72. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 14 January 1775; inclosing,

N° 73. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Graves to Mr. Stephens, dated Boston, 1$ December 1774.

N° 74. Extract of a Letter from Captain Wallace to Vice Admiral Graves, dated TV/, R/W?

Island, 12th December 1774: And also,

N° 75. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworlh to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 8th 1774: Received 2d August \ inclosing,

N° 76. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Samuel Adams, dated Boston, 12th 1774.

N# 77. Copy of a Resolution and of a Vote of: the House of Representatives of New Hampjhile, 28thr Afay 1774.

N° 78. Copy of Governor Wentworth's Message to the Assembly of New Hampshire, 8th June 17 74: And also,

N° 79. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 4th July 1774: Received £d August-, inclosing,

N° 80. Copies of Two Letters from Mr. Pany to Governor Wentworth, dated 29th June 1774. N°8i. Copies of Two Letters from Governor VOL.35.

Wentworth to Captain Cockran, dated 29th Jane *774-

N° 82. Copy of a Letter from Captain Cockran to Governor Whitworth, dated 30th June 1774.

N° 83. Copies of Two Letters from Mr. Packer to Governor Wentworth, dated 30th June 1774: And also,

N° 84. Copy of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 6th July 1774: Received ad August; inclosing,

N° 85. Copy of his Speech to the Committee of Correspondence: And alfoj N° 86. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmoutht dated 13 July 1774: Received 7th September: And also,

N° 87. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 29th Augitfl 1774: Received iff October-, inclosing,

N° 88. Copy of Instructions for Colonel Folfom and Major Sullivan, appointed Delegates for the Province of New Hampshire.

N° 89. Copy of a Letter from the Committee of Correspondence in New Hampshire, and Form of Non-importation and Non-consumption Agreements, sent to the Towns in the Province.

N# 90. Copy of a Vote of a Town Meeting at Portsmouth: And also,

N° 91. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 13 September 1774: Received 14 November-, inclosing,

N° 92. Copy of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to Captain Cockran, 18th July.

N° 93. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Parry to Governor Wentworth, 8th September.

N° 94. Extracts from the Proceedings of the Council of New Hampshire, on the 9th and 12th September: And also,

N°95. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New Hampshire, 15 November 1774: Received 5th January 1775; inclosing,

N° 96. Copy of Resolves of the Committees of the Towns of Portsmouth and Rochester: And &lfo,

N° 97. Extract of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New Hampshire, 2d December 1774: Received 12th January 1775; inclosing,

N° 98. Advertisements from the Committees of the Towns of Portsmouth and Durham: And also,

N9 99. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Golden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 4th May 1774: Received 6th June \ inclosing,

Nv 100. Extract from the New York Gazetteer, of 28th April 1774: And also,

N° 101. Extract of a Letter from Major General Haldimand to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, '15th May 1774: Received nth June; inclosing,

N° 102. Copy of a Paper handed about at New York: And also,

N° 103. Extract of a Letter from Major General Haldimand to the Earl of Dartmouth; dated New York,

1 ft June 1774: Received 4th July: And also,

N° 104. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Golden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York) lft June 1774: Received ‘4th July; inclosing,

N° 10^. Copy of a Hand Bill: And alto,

N° 106. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant. Governor Golden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 6th July 1774: Received 17th August: And also,

N° 107. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Colden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 2d August 1774: Received 7 th September: And also,

N8 1081 Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Go-S vernor

American

Colonies:

66

190 Januarii.

A. 1775-

Received 8 October

N°

American vernor Coldett to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New in Virginia, 14th August Colonies. York, 7th September 1774: Received nth Oct

And also,

N* 109. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Colden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated York, jth October 1774: Received 10th November:

And allb,

N° 1 to Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Colden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New

York, 2d November 1774: Received 13th December:

And also,

N° nr. Extra# of a Letter, from Ditto te Ditto, dated New York, 7th December 1774: Received 6th January 1775: And also,

N° 112. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Franklin to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Burlington, 31st May 1774: Received 4th July: And allb,

N° 113. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Franklin to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Burlington, 28 th June 17741 Received 12th August -, inclosing,

N° 114. Copy of the Resolves of the Freeholders of the County of Essex, in New Jersey, 11 th June 1774: And also,

N° 115. Copy of a Letter from the Deputy Governor of Pensylvania to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadelphia, $1 May 1774: Received 4th June: And also,

N° 116. Extra# of a Letter from the Deputy Governor of Pensylvania to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadelphia, jth July 1774: Received nth August:

And also,

N* 117. Extra# of a Letter from the Deputy Governor or Pensylvania to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadelphia, 30 July 1774: Received 7 September-, inclosing,

N° 118. Extra#? from the Proceedings of the House of Representatives of Petfylvania.

N° 119. Extracts from the Pensylvania Gazette, of 27 July 1774: And also,

N° 120. Extra# of a Letter from the Deputy Governor of Pensylvania to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated

Philadelphia, 5 September 1774: Received U October:

And also,

N° 121. Copy of a Letter from the Deputy Governor of Pensylvania to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadelphia, 3d October 1774: Received 10 November; inclosing,

N° 122. Copies of Three Resolutions of the Con-gress at Philadelphia, extracted from the Pensylvania Gazette: And also,

N°. 123. Copy of a Letter from the Deputy Governor of Pensylvania to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadelphia, 31st October 1774: Received 13 December: And also,

N° 124. Extra# of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 4th November 1774: Received 17th December: And also,

N° 125. Copy of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Philadelphia, 6 th December 1774: Received 6 January 1775: And also,

N° 126. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dunmore

to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Williamsburg, 29 May 1774: Received Jttly; inclosing,

N° 127. Copy of an Order of the House of Burgesses, on 24 May 1774.

N° 128. Copy of an AiTociation signed by 89 Members of the late House of Burgesses: And also,

N° 129. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dunmore to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated JYilliamfburg, 6th June 1774: Received 11 th July; inclosing,

N° 130. Resolutions of the Inhabitants of the City of Annapolis, in the Province of Maryland,

2.$ May 1774: And also,

N°i3i. Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of Dunmore to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Frederick County,. Returning Officer, notwithstanding such Majority, hath

returned

, r - 17741

inclosing,

132. Copy of an Afibciation resolved upon at a Meeting of Delegates from the dillcrent Counties in Virginia. (

N° 133. Copy of Instructions for the Deputies appointed to meet in General Congress on the.

Part of the Colony of Virginia: And allb,

N° 134. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor KBull to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Charles Town, 31st July 1774: Received 16 September-, inclosing,

N° 135. Extract from the South Carolina Gazette, of the 11 July 1774: And also,

N° 136. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated Charles Town, 3d August 1774: Received 16 September -9 inclosing,

N° 137. Copy of Proceedings in the Commons House of Assembly of South Carolina, on 2d August: And also,

N° 138. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Bull to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Charles Town, 23d November 1774: Received 16 January 1775*:

And also,

N° 139. Extract of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah,

25 July 1774* Received x6th September: And allb,

IS1° 140. Extract of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah,

13th August 1774: Received 12th October: And allb,

N° 141. Extract of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah,

24 August 1774: Received 26 October; inclosing,

N° 142. Copy of a Hand Bill, dated 14th July 17 74-

N° 143. Copy of a Proclamation issued by Sir James Wright, Baronet.

N° 144. Copy of a Hand Bill, dated 27th July 1774-

N° 145. Copy of Resolutions entered into at Savannah, 10th August 1774: And also,

N° 146. Extract of a letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah,

Si, October 1774: Received January 1775; inclosing,

N° 147. Copies of Protells of the Inhabitants of several Districts in the Province of Georgia:

And also,

N° 148. Extracts from the Votes and Proceedings of the American Continental Congress, held at Philadelphia,

5th September 1774* And also,

N° 149. Petition of sundry Persons, on Behalf of themselves and the Inhabitants of several of His Majesty’s Colonies in America: Received 21 December *774-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

The laid Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, was presented to Crickhde the Hause, and read; Setting forth. That, at the late £lcftion. Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Earle, Esquire, deceased,. Samuel Peach, Esquire, and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that, at the said Election, which came on the 27th Day of December la ft, before Thomas Carter, Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said Borough, a great Majority of Jegal Votes was given for the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned accordingly; but the said

15 Geo. III. 19° — 200 J67

Returned the said Sairuu'.I Patch and the Petitioner, instead of the Petitioner alone, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights of the Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the said Return may be amended, by erating the Name of the said Samuel Peach therefrom, and that the Petitioner only may be declared duly cleded, or have such other Relief as the House shall think meet.

Ditto. A Petition of Samuel Peach, Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Member to represent the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of in this present Parliament, in the room of William , Esquire, jdeceased, the Petitioner and John , Esquire, were

Candidates; and that the said Eiedion came on about Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon of the 27th Day of December last; and the Returning Officer proceeded to take the Poll in the Church, as the most convenient Place for that Purpose, and continued the Poll to Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, when only Forty-one out of near Two hundred Persons having a Right to vote had given their Suffrages; and that the Poll being adjourned to the same Place, and at the Hour of Nine the next Morning, the Petitioner, with his Counsel, Agents, and a very numerous Body of Electors, who meant to vote for the Petitioner, appeared at the Church Porch, pursuant to the said Adjournment; and that, as the Returning Officer and the Candidates, together with the Electors, were entering , the Church, in or^ler to proceed to the Place of Polling, a Riot commenced, which obliged the Returning Officer immediately to close the Poll; and on that Account he returned the said John Dewar and the Petitioner, to represent the said Borough, in the room of the said William Eatle, and that the Petitioner, by reason thereof, was prevented from receiving the Suffrages of a large Majority of the Electors for the said Borough, and of obtaining a legal Right to represent tire said Borough for the Remainder of this present Parliament; and that, from the Time of the Decease of the said William Earle unto the Close of the Poll, the Town of Cricklade, by Means of the Feasts and Entertainments daily and constantly given by, and at the Expence of, the said John Dewar, or his Agents, to the Electors of the said Borough, in order to procure their Votes for the said John Dewar, was kept in continual Riot, Tumult, Idleness, and Dissipation, to the great Injury of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, whereby the Morals of the People were corrupted, and the public Peace much disturbed; and that, by the above and other undue Means made use of by the said John Dewar or his Agents, and by the Conduct of tire Returning Officer, the Sense of the Electors at large has not been taken, and the Petitioner is thereby much aggrieved: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to the House shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 6th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Vox.. 35.

shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vinerisy 20° die Januarii.

Anno 150 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775*

Prayers,

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera- Milton* tion the Petition of Edward Walter and Hawkins Browne, Esquires, and also the Petition of the honourable ‘Temple Luttrell and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, complaining of an undue Eiedion and Double Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset; and also the Petition of several Persons

Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, paying Scotland Lot, complaining of the said Double Return, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said E led ion and Double Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parlja ment.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 109 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Edward Walter, Esquire, his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said Isaac Hawkins Browne,

Esquire, and the Petitioners the honourable Temple Luttrell and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, their Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Confident' tion.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outline of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 19th Day of January 1775, made.up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An " Ad to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections,

" or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Bor opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker,

" put into the said Box on the 19th Day of January 1775," was read.

68 20° Januarii. A. 1775.

Milbome . And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Election Paper> being alJ as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glafies, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them* to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Three Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Viscount Cranborne being drawn, and the House being informed, and it appearing from the Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, that his Return to serve in Parliament had Hot been brought in Fourteen Days, his Name was set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Name Of James Harris, Esquire, being . drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the Cause of such Requisition upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir William Wake, Baronet, being drawn, against whose Return as a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, several Petitions had been presented to the House, and were still depending, his Name was set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Twenty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the honourable John Luttrell, being drawn, against whose Return as a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, a Petition had been presented to the House, and the said Member having also presented to the House a Petition complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet, and William Jolliffe„ Esquire, for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, which said several Petitions were still depending, his Name was set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Robert Gregory, Esquire', being drawn, the Counsel for Mr. Luttrell and Mr. Wolfeley declared that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Mr. Luttrell and Mr. Wolfeley, and' the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such.Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

« Note, That in the Course of drawing the said

Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House, on Account of their being Members ’ against whose Returns Petitions were depend-

- fog/- ~

*'And- the whole Numbet'of Forty-nine Members so' drawn, and not excused', or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for Mr. Walter and Mr. Brozvne were called upon by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to- those cholen by Lot to terve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Beaumont Hot ham, Esquire,. who did not require to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not exculed, or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for Mr. Walter and Mr. Brozvne, and tile other of them to the Counsel for Mr. Luttrell and Mr. Wolfeley; and thereupon the said Mr. Walter, Mr. Luttrell, and Mr. Wolfeley, and the said Counsel and Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are R’gton thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders within the incioIurc* Manor and Township of Rig ton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of Yoik, was pre-. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, certain Parcels of Commons, or Waste Grounds, called The High Common and The Low Common, containing about 1,000 Acres; and that there arealfo certain Parcels of Meadow Ground, within the said Township, called WraJJ'ey, Stile Flat Land, and West Field, containing together, by Estimation, 30 Acres, the Aftermath whereof is eaten by a Stint, according to the Proprietors specific Shares therein; and also several Cloies of Arable Land, called Horn Field, Acre Field, Wrajjey Lees, and Swinderley Fields, containing together, by Estimation, about 26 Acres, the Fallows and Averages whereof are enjoyed and eaten by a' StintK according to the Proprietors specific Shares therein; all which are, in their present State, incapable of much Improvement; and that there is a certain Custom, for the Occupiers of certain inclosed Lands, within the said Township, to maintain certain specific Parts of the Fences of other Proprietors Lands and Grounds within the same Township, which do not immediately adjoin upon their Property, which Custom is denominated Dale Fencing; and that, if the said Custom was abolished, and the said Commons, Parcels of Meadow, and Arable Grounds, were divided into specific Shares, and allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be very advantageous to the said Proprietors, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given* to bring in.a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Commons,

Parcels of Meadow, and Arable Grounds, and abo-lishing the said Custom of Dale Fencing, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

George Savile, Lord John Cavendish, and Sir James

Pennyman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Styth, of Lancaster, Esquire, w'as presented to.tke House, and read; Setting forth, That Name. William Greenalgh, of My erf cough, in the County Palatine of 1 Lancaster, Esquire, by Will, dated 3d December 1736, declared, that in case he shoulddie without Issue, he devised his several Estates at Greenalgh, and elsewhere, to his Wife for Life, and after her Death to his Nephew Thomas Allen, Son of Thomas Allen, of Finchley, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and his Heirs, in' Tail Male, w'ith an Injunction to perpetuate his Name, and with a Proviso, that in case it should at any Time happen that his laid Nephew did, by the Death of his Father, or of his Nephew Edward Allen, eldest Son and Heir of the said Thomas A/lett, the Father, or his Heirs Male become entitled to the Estate of the said Thomas Allen the Father, or should become his Heir Apparent, or refute to call himself Greenalgh, or Allen Greenalgh, then the said De-vise to be void; and in that case the said Testator gave his said Estates to FAward Styth, then of Great Ec-cle/lon, Gentleman, the Petitioner’s Father, and his k Heirs

London z

Chamber! ain*i

? Accounts.

15 Geo. III.

Heirs in Tail Male, on Condition that he applied for an Act of Parliament to take the Surname of and in Default thereof, or of such Issue Male, he deviled the same Estates to Thomas Styth of , in like

Manner, with divers Remainders over: And that the said William Greenalgh died in 1741, without Issue, leaving Ann Greenalgh his Widow, who dying in 1750, the said Thomas Allen, the Nephew, entered into Possession of the said Estates, and took upon him the Name of Greenalgh; and that the said Thomas Allen the Father, by his Will, dated the id Day of May 1756, gave all his Estate to his eldest Son,

in Fee, and died in 1764, on whose Death the said Edward entered on the said Estates, and enjoyed them during his Life; and that the said Edward Allen did, by his Will, dated 6th November 1773, devise his Estates

to the Use of his said younger Brother Thomas Allen Greenalgh, for Life, with the Remainders over, and died in February 1774, without Issue; inconsequence whereof his laid Brother 1 hor>:ns Allen Greenalgh came into Possession of the said Estates of the said Thomas Allen the Father; and that the said Edward Styth, the Petitioner’s Father, died in 1769, leaving the Petitioner his only Son; and that the Petitioner did, by virtue of the said Will of the said William Greenalgh, on the Death of the said Edward Allen, and in consequence of his Will, become entitled to the Estate of the said William Greenalgh; and the said Thomas Allen Greenalgh, the Nephew, hath given up the Possession thereof accordingly; and that the Petitioner is desirous of complying with the Condition of the Will of the said William Greenalgh, by taking upon himself the Surname of Greenalgh: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of pursuant to the Will of the said William Greenalgh of Myeifcougk, in the County Palatine of Ef-

qire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cavendish and Lord Richard Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Nit.William Montagu, (from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London,) attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1774: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of an Act for building and completing Black Friars Bridge, from the 2.8th September 1773 exclusive, to the 28th September 1774 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and . paid, in pursuance of the Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, from the 28th Day of September 1773 exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1774 inclusive: And also.

An Account 01 Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28th September 1773 exclusive, to the 28th September 1774 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, and for Paving, within the City of London, from the 28th Day of September 1773 exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1774 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid on Account of Tolls on London and Black Friars Bridges, from the 29th Day of September 1773 exclusive, to the 29th Day of September 1774 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Vol. 35.

69

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Barcot Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, inclosurtf* within the Hamlet of Burcot, and Pari lb of Dorchester, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes,

Mr. Griffith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Edward Walter, Esquire, the honourable Temple Milborn* Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, the Petitioners j*?/* before mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House that the Counsel for Mr. Waltei and Mr. Browne, and the Counsel for Mr. Luttrell and Mr. Wolfeley had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of Mr. Walter and Mr.

Browne, whole Indenture of Return appeared to be immediately annexed to the Writ returned by the Sheriff of the said County of Somerset, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts until the Number was reduced to Thirteen, and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts lo struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows;

Rickard Grenville, Esquire, the honourable Thomas Walpole, Mr. Alderman Hayley, William Henry Lyttelton,

Esquire, John Ord, Esquire, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Watkin Willians Wynn, Baronet, Whitmoret

Esquire, Joseph Martin, Esquire, Frederick Montagu,

Esquire, James Grenville, Esquire, Sir George,

Baronet, Paul Field, Esquire.

And the Names of the said Robert Gregory, Esquire, and Beaumont Hotham, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Edward Walter and Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquires, and also the Petition of the honourable Temple Luttrell and Charles W Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, and also the Petition of several Persons Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, complaining of the said double Return, and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Edward Walter " and Isaac Hawkins Brow, Esquires, and also " the Petition of the honourable Temple Luttrell " and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, and also the " Petition of the several Persons Inhabitants of " the Town and Borough of Milborne " referred to you, and a true Judgment give " according to the Evidence.

" So help you God,"

And the said Petitioners, Ed Walter, Temple Luttrell, and Charles Wolfeley, with the said Counsel and Agents, were then direcded to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

T

20" Jattuani.

70

2 3 ° yanuarii.

Luna, 2 30 die Januarii i

Anno 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

Praters.

klr*^ A Pet, tion of Thomas Elmhurst, Gentleman, Lord of ne ure. Manor of Fulletby, in the County of

and of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the Open Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Fulletby aforesaid, certain Open uninclosed Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, containing, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that a Division and Inclosure thereof would be of great Benefit to the Estates of the Petitioners and other Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

J. 1775.

County of Bedford, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, Liberty, or Township, several Open or Common Fields, containing 1,000 Acres, more or less, of Arable, Paftute, and other Commonable Lands, over which the said Petitioners and other Proprietors have a Right of Common, at certain Times, without any certain or determi- nate Stint, exclusive of all other Persons what foe ver; and that the Petitioners Farm Houses are inconveniently situated, in respect of the said Lands, so that no Improvement can be made, and that the said Lands are capable of being greatly improved, if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors, in proportion to their several Rights and Interest therein; and that such Division and Inclosure will tend very' much to the Improvement of the said I-ands, and to the Advantage of all the said Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands lying in the said Parish, Liberty, and Township, of in the County of Bedford, aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ongleyand Mr. Richard Lemon do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Quadring, A Petition of the several Proprietors of Commonable Inclosure Messuages, Cottages, and Toftsteads, Open Common Fields, and Meadow Lands, in the Parish of,

and in the Township or Place of Quadring Hundred, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, belonging to the said Parish and Township, in unequal Proportions, Two Open and Common Fens, called Quadring High and Low Fens, including a Piece of Meadow Ground, or Intake, called The Shoff, containing together 2,400 Acres, or thereabouts, and also several small Parcels of Common Field Land and Pieces of Waste Ground, containing together Sixty Acres, or thereabouts; which feveraLJF'ens, Fields, and Waste Grounds, arc, in their present Situation, of little Value, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Fens, Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof ..allotted to the several Persons having Right of Common or other Right thereon, in proportion to their respective Interests, such Inclosure wo^ld be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners and others: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. ‘

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Laad Tax.; Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1775: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lidlignton, A Petition of the Right honourable John Pari of Inclosure. Upper OJj'cry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manor of Lidlington, and impropriator of the Rectory of the said Parish of Lidlington, and several of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, lying in the Parish, Liberty, or Township of Lidlington, in the

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hahn* for naturalizing George Ernjlde Hahn, was read the First Nat-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Richard Cchendish presented to the House, Styth»t

according to Order, a Bill to enable James Name,

heretofore called James Styth, and his issue, to take and use the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgh, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Woollen to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufacture upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the ' mer,c*^ 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen,

" Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in rica, be how read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wiroraham Bootle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Moll noble Henry Duke Potterfprrjr,

of Grafton, and the humble Petition of the several other |nciosure Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common PaKures, Common Grounds, and Common-

able Lands, in the Parish of Pctterfand Hamlet

of Tardley Gobyfrc, in the County of Northampton, and

'/ ia

American

Cclonies*

15 Geo. III. 23° Januarii. yt

in Kenfon Field, in the Parish of Cojgrave, in the said

County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, in fiuch Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hopkins and General Filzroy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners arc all essentially interested in the Trade to North America, either as Exporters and Importers, or as Venders of and

Foreign Goods for Exportation, to that Country; and that the Petitioners have exported, or fold for Exportion to the British Colonies in North , very

large Quantities of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, and in particular the Staple Articles of Woollen, Iron, and Linen, also those of Cotton, Silk, Leather, Pewter, Tin, Copper, and Brass, with almost every British Manufacture, also large Quantities of

Foreign Linens, and other Articles imported into these Kingdoms, from Flanders, Holland, The East Countries, Portugal, Spain, and Italy, which are generally received from those Countries in Return for British Manufactures; and that the Petitioners have likewise exported, or fold for Exportation, great Quantities of the various Species of Goods imported into this Kingdom from the East Indies, Part of which receive additional Manufacture in Great Britain; and that the Petitioners receive Returns from North America to this Kingdom directly; videlicet. Pig and Bar Iron, Timber, Staves, Naval Stores, Tobacco, Rice, Indigo, Deer and other Skins, Beaver, and Furs, Train Oil, Whale Bone, BeesWax, Pot and Pearl Ashes, Drugs, and Dying Woods, with some Bullion, and also Wheat Flour, dian Corn, and Salted Provisions, when on Account of Scarcity in Great Britain, those Articles are permitted to be imported; and that the Petitioners receive lie-turns circuitously from Ireland (for Flax Seed, ^. exported from North America) by Bills of Exchange on the Merchants of this City trading to Ireland, for the Proceeds of Linens, fAc. imported into these Kingdoms, from the West Indies, in Return for Provisions, Lumber, and Cattle, exported from North America, for the Use and Support of the West India Islands, by Bills of Exchange on the IV'eJlIndia Merchants, for the Proceeds of Sugar, Melasses, Rum, Cotton,' Coffee, or other Produce, imported from those Islands info these Kingdoms; from Italy, Spain, Portugal, France, Flanders, Germany, Holland, and The East Countries, by Bills of Exchange or Bullion, in Return for Wheat, Flour, Rice, Indian Corn, Fish, and Lumber, exported from the Britpi Colonies in North America, for the Use of those Countries; and that the Petitioners have great llcafon to believe, from the bed Information they can obtain, that, on the Balance of this extensive Commerce, there is now due, from the Colonies in America, to the said City only, 2,000,000l. Sterling, and upwards; and that, by the direct Commerce with the Colonies, and the circuitous Trade thereon depending, some Thousands of Ships and Vessels are employed, and many Thousands of Seamen are bred and maintained, thereby increasing the Naval Strength and Power of Great Britain-, and that, in the Year 1765, there was a great Stagnation of

\ ol. 35. (

the Commerce between Great Britain and her Colonies, in consequence of an Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, by which the Merchants trading to North America, and the Artificers employed in the various Manufactures consumed in those Countries, were subjected to many Hardships 1 and that, in the following Year, the said Act was repealed, under an express Declaration of the Legislature, that the Continuance of the said Act would be attended with many Inconveniences, and might be productive of Consequences greatly detrimental to the commercial Interests of these Kingdoms; upon which Repeal, the Trade to the Britipi Colonies immediately resumed its former flourishing State; and that in the Year 1767, an Act passed, for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, which imposed certain Duties, to be paid in America, on Tea, Glass, Red and White Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-board, Millboard, and Sealeboard, when the Commerce with the Colonies was again interrupted; and that, in the Year 1770, such Parts of the said Act as imposed Duties on Glass, Red and White Lead, Painters. Colours, Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scale-board, were repealed, when the Trade to America soon revived, except in the Article of Tea, on which a Duty was continued, to be demanded on its Importation into America, whereby that Branch of our Commerce was nearly loft; and that, in the Year 1773, an Act passed, to allow a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, and to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant Licences (o the East India Company, to export Tea, Duty free; and, by the Operation of those and other Laws, the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects in the British Colonies have been greatly disquieted, a total Stop is now put to the Export Trade with the greatest and most important Part of North America, the public Revenue is threatened with a large and fatal Diminution, the Petitioners with grievous Distress, and Thousands of industrious Artificers and Manufacturers with utter Ruin; under these alarming Circumstances, the Petitioners receive no small Comfort, from a Persuasion that the llepresentatives of the People, newly delegated, to the most important of all Trusts, will take the whole of these weighty Matters into their most serious Consideration: And therefore praying the House, That they will enter into a full and immediate Examination of that System of Commercial Policy, which was formerly adopted, and uniformly maintained, to the Happiness and Advantage of both Countries, and will apply such healing Remedies as can alone restore and establish the Commerce between Great Britain and her Colonies on a permanent Foundation; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or Agents, in Support of the said Petition.

A Motion was made; and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord , upon Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command, and that the Petitioners be admitted to be heard by themselves or Agents, before the said Committee, upon the said Petition, if they think fit.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; To leave out, between the Word "of" and the Word’" Committee," the Word " the" and insert " a" instead thereof; and to leave out the Words " to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the " House, by the Ix>rd North, upon Thursday last, by " His Majesty’s Command."

And

American

Colonies.

72 ' 23* Jamarii. A. 1775.

And tht Question being put. That the Word " the" stand Part of the Question}

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for th* Yeas, j ^cmUn } 8.

Teller, for ,he Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " a" be inserted instead thereof.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " to Tt whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers " which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House: And that the Petitioners be admitted to be heard, by themselves or Agents, before the said Committee, upon the said Petition, if they think fit.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a very beneficial and increasing Trade to the Colonies in America,

has been carried on from the Port of Bristol, highly to the Advantage of the Kingdom in general, and of the said City in particular; and that the Exports from the said Port to America consist of almost every Species of British Manufactures, besides East India Goods, and other Articles of Commerce; and the Returns are made, not only in many valuable and useful Commodities from thence, but also by a circuitous Trade carried on with Ireland and moll Parts of , to the great Emolument of the Merchant, and Improvement of His Majesty’s Revenue; and that the Merchants of the Taid Port are also deeply engaged in the Trade to the West India Islands, which, by the Exchange of their Produce with America, for Provisions, Lumber, and other Stores, are thereby almost wholly maintained, and consequently become dependant upon North America for Support; and that the Trade to , which is carried on from the said Port to a very considerable Extent, is also dependant on the flourishing State of the fVt.fi India Islands and America; and that thel’e different Branches of Commerce give Employment, not only to a very numerous Body of Artists and Manufacturers, but also to a great Number of Ships, and many Thousand Seamen, by which Means a very capital Increase is made to the Naval Strength of Great Britain; and that the Trade to America has of late Years suffered very considerable Checks, the first of which was after the passing of the Act for levying Stamp Duties there, which subjected the Merchants here to many and great Losses and Inconveniences, and threatened them with Ruin, from which the Repeal of that Act in the following Year removed their Apprehensions, and restored the Trade'to its former flourishing State; and that, in this prosperous Situation, the Trade continued till the next Year, when an Act passed for levying Duties on Glass, Paper, and other Articles, in , and it

again received a considerable Check; but the Repeal of a great Part of those Duties revived it, till the passing of certain Acts of Parliament, and other Measures lately adopted, caused such a great Uneasiness in the Minds of the Inhabitants of America, as to make the Merchants apprehensive of the moll alarming Consequences, and which, if not speedily remedied, must involve them in

utter Ruin; and the Petitioners, as Merchants, deeply interested in Measures which will so materially afteft the Commerce of this Kingdom, and not Iefs concerned, as Engfilhmen, in every Thing that relates to the general Welfare, cannot look without Emotion on the many Thousands of miserable Objects, who, by the total Stop put to the Export Trade to America, will be di (charged from their Manufactures for want of Employment, and must be reduced to great Distrers; and the Petitioners look back with Regret to those Times in which their Trade suffered no Interruption; but they presume not to suggest any particular Mode of Relief to the House, in whole Wisdom they place the most unreserved Confidence; they venture, however, to express their Willies, that the former System of commercial Policy may be taken into Consideration; and that the destructive Breaches made in their Trade, by the Alarms to which it has been for many Years subject, may be doled, the Peace of this great Empire restored, and Commerce once more fixed on the most foiid and permanent Foundation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord , upon Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, anti inserting the Words " the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others,

" of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce " of North America, is referred," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telkrs for the Ycas.J $£ 6*

Teller, for the Noes, j mi%nsi

So it passed In the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " the tc Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of " the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of *’ North America, is referred," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- Ditto, turers, and others, of the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade to America, not only from this Port, but the whole Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ire, is of the utmost Importance; and that the said City is highly interested in its Welfare, as from thence very large Quantities of every Species of Manufacture are exported, whereby Employment is given to a great Number of Ships,

Seamen, and others, on which Manufactures several Thousand Persons depend for their daily Support, whole Cause, from Motives of Humanity, exclusive of every Advantage to themselves, it becomes their Duty to submit to that Tribunal, from whence alone Red refs can be expected; and that the Trade of the West India Islands, in all its extensive Branches, essentially depends upon- the Continent of America, as many Articles absolutely necessary for the Existence of their Inhabitants are only to be had from thence, and any Stop to the Commerce and Well-being of North America mull

mutually

15 Geo. III. 23° — 24°

mutually affect the whole System, being mediately or immediate-'}- connected with each other; and that the Petitioners already feel the unhappy Effects of the Stagnation of Trade at present subsisting, in consequence of certain A<5h made by the Legislature of Great Britain, from which Cause all Orders for Goods are countermanded, and the Merchants in Danger of being deprived of their Returns for those already sent 5 and that, from the Circumstances before recited, many Thousands of industrious Poor are, and will be, deprived of Subsistence, and Merchants even of the largeil Property will be reduced to Difficulties in their Fortunes and Credit heretofore unknown to them; and that in the present Crisis, so very alarming to the Interest of the Trading Part of these Kingdoms, and it its Consequences to the Landed Interest, ever dependant on each other, they have every Reason to fear a total Loss of their Trade, and every Evil that will attend an Event so much to be deprecated: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises speedily into their lerious Consideration, and to adopt such Measures as will not only relieve them from the Difficulties which press them on the present Exigency, but be a Security against a Return of those frequent Interruptions to their Trade they have for many Years experienced, which have made destructive Breaches in the commercial Intcrefls, and disturbed the Concord of this great Empire, so that the whole may be fixed on the same solid Basis which formerly united the Mother Country and her Colonies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord , upon *thurfdaylaft, by His Majesty’s Command.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom," to the End of the Question, and inferring the Words, " the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, " of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce " of North America, is referred," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " the " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of " the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " North America, is referred," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Blum/ The I-ord Barrington presented to the House, accordant*^ ing to Orcier, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-Desertion. tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Days being read;

Forces! The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesi} ’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wfll please to receive the same.

VOL. 35.

Januarii. 73

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 24* die.

Anno 15° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration Morpeth the Petition of the honourable William , and ^e£t‘on‘ also the Petition of several Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, complaining of the undue Return of Francis Eyre,

Esquire, One of the Members returned to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.-And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 148 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, the honourable William Byron, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Sitting Member, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the.

Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-fideof the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, upon the 23d Day of " January 1775, made up in his Presence in the Manner " directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re-f‘ turns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box on the 23d Day of January r 775," was read.

U And

74

240 Januarii, 4. 1775.

Morpeth And fa& Names, written on distinct Pieces of Election. paper^ being aH as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Bo-X, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the feme to the House*

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of James Grenville, Esquire, being drawn, he acquainted the House, that the Committee, who were appointed to try find determine the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, and of which Committee he was a Member, had not yet come to a Determination; his Name was therefore set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Thirty-six other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, bn Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Five, on Account of their being on the Committee for trying the Merits of the Electiorl and double Return for the Borough of MilborUe Pott.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, the Cotinfel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the said Sitting Member, were severally called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate each of them One from amongst the Members then present, Whose Names had not been drawn, so be added to those chosen by Lot, to serve bn the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioners named Sir jVhotftas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, and the Counsel for the said Sitting Member, named the Lord Advocate of Scotland\ neither of whom required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and who were not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the said Sitting Member; and thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

Piccadilly A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Pe-Paviifg, tition bf several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of Houses, in that Part of Piccadilly between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Corner, and of that Part of Park Lane between Piccadilly aforesaid, and the North Side of Hertford Street, within the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, and Liberty of Westminster, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Two Acts Were made, for repairing the Road leading from Hyde Park Corner, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, of which so much of Piccadilly as lies between Clarges Street and Hyde Park Corner, and also so much of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly, and the North Side of Hertford Street, were Part; and the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads were, by the said Acts, required to water so much of Piccadilly as lies between the End of Berkeley Street and

Hyde Park Gate, during the dry Weather, and to defray all Expences attending the several Works aforesaid out of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Acts; and that by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so much of the said former Acts as relate to such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Clarges Street and Hyde Park Corner, and also such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, were repealed; and such Parts of the said Street and Lane were, by the said last mentioned Act, put under the foie Management and Direction of the Commissioners for paving the several Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminstery and, in Consideration of the Expences attending the fame, the Annual Sum of £. i,oooo is by the said Act directed to be paid, by the Trustees of the said Roads, out of the Tolls collected at the Turnpike at Hyde Park Corner, to the said Commissioners; which Sum has ever since been regularly paid, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the said Commissioners have caused such Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane to be paved, cleansed, and lighted, and did also, for some Time after passing the said Act, cause such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Corner to be watered, as was formerly done by the said Trustees; but the said Commissioners have of late discontinued to water the said Street; and, upon Application being made to them by the Inhabitants to water the fame, they alledge, that the Annual Sum of800 (Part of the said £.1,000) had been mortgaged, in order to raise Money* to enable them to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that the remaining Annual Sum of £.200, together with the Annual Rates now levied on the Inhabitants, is not sufficient to defray the Expence of repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watering, the said Street, in a proper Manner; and the Inhabitants of the said Street, being desirous to have the same watered as heretofore, are of Opinion, that, if the several Works aforesaid were put under the Management of Trustees to be appointed amongst the Inhabitants, the Annual Rates winch they now pay, with the Assistance of the said Annual Sum of £. 200, would be sufficient to defray all the Expences of repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the same for the future, and likewise of watering such Parts of Piccadilly as was formerly done by the said Trustees: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for repealing the several Laws now in being, so far as the same relate to such Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane as aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Curzon, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Normanton Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the District of Inclosure. Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of . Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Edward Bentinck, Mr. Herbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are deeply interested in the Trade to North America, by exporting Annually

great

Amertcau

Colonies.

i5 Geo. III.

a4* Jama

75

great Quantities of Briti/ Manufactures and other Goods, and receiving in Return the Produce of the Colonies; and have at this Time, in Effects belonging to them in America, and in Debts due to them by the Colonies, to the Amount of One Million and upwards; and that the Trade between Great Britain and the Colonies has for a long Time been carried on to the great Advantage of every Part of the Empire,

and that it has been a great Nursery for Seamen, has given Employment to many Thousand Manufacturers in Britain, and greatly increased His Majesty’s Revenue; and that the Petitioners have observed, with much Concern, that certain late Acts of Parliament have created Fears and Jealousies, and raised much Diflatis-faction, in the Minds of His Majesty’s American Subjects, who have been induced to enter into Resolves to interrupt the Commerce between Great Britain and the Colonies; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if this Interruption to Trade is long continued, many Thousands of British Manufacturers will be reduced to Poverty and Distress by want of Employment; the Petitioners will suffer great Loss, and His Majesty’s Revenue be diminished; but they trust, with full Confidence, in the Wisdom and Justice of the House, to bring about a happy Reconciliation between Great Britain and the Colonies: And therefore praying the House, to take into their serious Consideration this great Commercial. Bu-finess, and to give such Relief as shall seem best.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting " it is referred " to consider of the several Papers which were pre-u fented to the House, by the Lord North upon " Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, S f?rd 68

l General Burgoyne: J

Tellers for the Noes, £ . j 26.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of , concerned in the Commerce of North Americais referred.

Morpeth The Council and Agents for the honourable Election.- Byron, the Petitioner, and for Esquire, the

Sitting Member, before mentioned, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the said Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Thomas Foley, Esquire, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, the honourable William Howe, Richard Coombe, Esquire, Molyneux Shuldham, Esquire, Christopher Griffith, Esquire, Sir John Barrington, Baronet, Lord Wenman, Sir Vol. 35.

Miller, Baronet, James Whit/hed, Esquire, Richard Milles, Esquire, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Charles -Cocks, Baronet.

A nd the Names of the said Sir Thomas Charles Baronet, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr.

Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, to try the Merits of the Petition of the honourable William Byron, and also the Petition of several Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, complaining of the undue Return of the said Francis Eyre, Esquire, as a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and they were thenfwom by the Clerk as follow’s:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of the honourable " William Byron, and also the Petition of several " Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Morpeth, referred to you, and a trjue Judgment " give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were, then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Marine Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ir°rccv the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exports to Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Mer- America, chandize, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1774, or as far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing each Colony and Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an p;tt0> Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1768 to Christmas 1769; distinguishing

each Colony.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- -Ditto, count of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1774, or as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony and Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do make the Report from Woollen the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Manufkfture to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of (Amefl0»*) the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and " Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to

any

76

24° — 250 Janitarii.

y/.

*775-

any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in,

was committed.

Mr. Gray accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Customs. The House being informed that Mr. , (from the Commissioners of the Customs,) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Gross and Net Produce of the Customs in , for the Three

Years ending at Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 250 yanuarii;

Anno i5° Georgii III'" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

faeflminster HPHE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration £Iection. JL the Petition of 'ey Alorrcs, Lord Viscount Mountmorres, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of several other Inhabitants, Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants, Electors of the said City and Liberty, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the Right honourable Earl Percy, and the Right honourable Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, for the said City and Liberty, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 159 Members being found to be present; .

The Petitioner, the Lord and his Counsel

and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents, on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 24th Day of " January 1775, made up in his Presence in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted EicCtions, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read:

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, " put into the said Box on the 24th Day of January " 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glafies, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shakea together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glafies, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Edward Bayntun, Baronet, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the Cause ofl'uch Requisition, upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Walter Blackett, Baronet, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the Cause of such Requisition, upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Brett, Esquire, being drawn, he informed the House, That he had given his Vote at the Election complained of by the Petition now taken into Consideration: His Name was therefore let aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Gray, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, and having at the fable verified the Caule of such Requisition, upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of George Esquire, being

drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioners; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course cf drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eleven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Twelve, on Account of their having given their Votes at the Election complained of

15 Geo. III. 25 0 Januarii.77

by the Petition now taken into Confederation; One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days; and Fourteen, on Account of their now fervtng on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections and Returns.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused or let aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members were called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to thoie choien by lx>t, to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Sir Richard , Baronet; who did not require to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee; and who was not objected to.

AndT 'wo Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or let aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Dior of the House being opened.;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Petitioner, Lord A Ivmitmerres, with the Counsel and Agents on both

Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

American A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Colonies, and other Inhabitants, of the City of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the said City, there hath been for a long Series of Years a very considerable Manufacture of various Kinds of Worsted Stuffs, wherein the Raw Material of Wool {the Produce of Great Britain and Ireland) hath been increased to Ten Times its Value; the Amount of which Manufactures, at a moderate Computation, exceeded lately the yearly Value of £. 1,500,000, and therein above 80,000 Persons, Men, Women, and Children, as well in the City of as in the several Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, have been employed and maintained; and that a considerable Part of the Goods thus manufactured were sent, as well by the Port of Yarmouth, in Not folk, as by the Pet of,

on the Account of North American Merchants and Traders, to the several Provinces of that extensive Continent; but, since the unhappy Differences which have arilen between Great Brit and the Colonies, a Stop hath been put to the Exportation of the said Manufactures to North America; and that the Inhabitants of the said City, liable to the public Taxes, are already greatly burther.cd with a numerous Poor; and, if the Demand of Norwich Stuffs to any of the several Parts of Europe (of late plentifully supplied) should by any Means be lessened, the Petitioners are fearful of the Consequences which must inevitably happen to the said City from the Stoppage of the American Trade; and that, on any further Reduction of the Manufactures of the said City, the Number of poor Artificers and thfir Families, which will be thrown on the public Expence, will be inlupportable , and that the industrious Artificers and labouring Men, and their Families, will be reduced, by Poverty and Want of Employment, to be without the necessary Succours of Food and Raiment: And therefore, for the Revival of the Petitioners Trade and Commerce to America, and to prevent the Continuance or Growth of the above Evils, praying the House will take the Premises into their immediate and most serious Consideration, and grant them such effectual and permanent R.liei as they shall think proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of

Vol. 35.

the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inierting the Words,.

it is referred to consider of the several Papers which " were presented to the House, by the Lord,

" upon Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command,"

instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out {land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Td!ers f0r the Yeas-{ mI: cSs: } 85'

Tellers for (he Noes. j ft?! *""' }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers re* American tiding in the Town and Neighbourhood of , in (-olonles*

the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners have for a Number of Years past, employed a great manyThou-sand Hands, in manufacturing of Nails and other Sorts of Iron Wares, the greatest Part of which have been exported to North America; and in consequence of the present Stagnation of their Commerce thither, arc very much distressed for want of the usual Demands; and that, in a very shortTime, the many Thousands of their Hands, dependant on the American Comumption in those Articles, must be out of Employ, and thereby totally deprived of the Means of Subsistence, and that the Petitioners likewise are deeply concerned for the Property which some of them, as well as the Merchants and Traders with whom they are connected, have in that Country: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and adopt such Measures as they shall judge most effectual for their Relief.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words, " it " is referred to consider of the several Papers which " were presented to the House, by the Lord North,

" upon Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Ditto. Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that any Relaxation in the Execution of the Laws respecting the Colonies o Britain,

will ultimately tend to the Injury of the Commerce ot X the

G.

78 2 50 Januarii. 1775.

the said Town and Neighbourhood: And therefore the Petitioners request, that the House will continue to exert their Endeavours, to support the Authority of the Laws of this Kingdom over all the Dominions of the Crown.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North

America, is referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " it " is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon " Thursday iaft, by His Majesty’s Command," instead

thereot.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Westminster Lord Mountmorres, the Petitioner before-mentioned. Eleven, with the Counsel and Agents on both bides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Anthony Eyre, Esquire, Charles Esquire, Lord

Chewton, Hugh Owen, of Pembroke, Esquire, James Scawen, Esquire, Sir Robert Barker, William Adam, Esquire, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, Thomas Brand, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, George Bridges Ef-

quire, Lord Charles Spencer.

And the Names of George Esquire, and

Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members w'ere called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Harvey Lord Viscount

Mountmorres, in the Kingdom of; and of several

other Inhabitants, Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty and they were then lworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly " try the Matter of the Petition of Harvey " Morres, Ijord Viscount Mountmorres, in the " Kingdom of Ireland; and of several other " Inhabitants, Electors of the City and Liberty " of Westminster, referred to you; and a true " Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And the said Petitioner, Lord Mountmorres, with the Council and Agents on both Sides, were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Duchy Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster,

The House being informed, that Charles Robert Featley, Ditto, a Prisoner for Debt, in His Majesty’s Prison of the King’s Bench, is a material Witness to be examined, touching the Matter of the Petition of Harvey Morres,

Lord Viscount Mountmorres, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of" several other Inhabitants, Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants, Electors of the said City and Liberty, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City and Liberty of Westminster, before the Select Committee, appointed for trying and determining the Merits of the said’Petition;

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King’s Bench Prison do bring the said Charles Robert Featley, in laic Custody, Tomorrow Morning, to the said Committee, and vo from Time to Time, as often as Ids Attendance shall be thought necessary, in order to his being examined, as a Witness, touching the Matter of the said Petition; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Cletgy, and Free- New Market, holders, of the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, fcc. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s lleign, for repairing the Read from Newmarket, over Newmarket H^ath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, several Tolls and Powers were granted, for repairing the said Road, which were to have Continuance for 21 Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that a considerable Sum of Money hath been taken up at Interest, upon the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the.

Tolls, has been applied in repairing the said Road; but the same cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged; and that several Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Act; and that the Highway branching out of the said Road, near the Toll Gate, at the Ditch commonly called The Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to the present Turnpike Road, near The Rubbing House, which leads from thence to Cambridge, is in a ruinous Condition in many Parts thereof, and in the Winter Season dangerous for Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing the said Road from near the Toll Gate at The Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to the present Turnpike Road leading

to Cambridge, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Colton, Mr.

Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Clerkenwell Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Poor,

James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves, and the teil ft the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Parish confilts of Two Districts, called the District of Saint James, and the District of Saint John; and that the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and the present Workhouse »

_ J

Land Tax.

Army: Mutiny and Desertion.

Piccadilly Paving, &c«

Woollen

Manufactare

(America)

i r Geo. III.

250 — 2 6° Januarii

is not large enough to contain them, and a considerable Debt for their Relief has been unavoidably con traded; and the present Method of railing and applying Money for their Maintenance is attended with many inconve-niencies > and that, if proper Powers were granted for relieving, governing, and employing, the said Poor, and for pay, ing the said Debt, and enlarging the present, or building a new, Workhouse, and railing and applying Money for those Purposes, it would contribute greatly to the Ease of the Petitioners and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the Good of the Community :. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as. to the

O »

House shall seem meet.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Charles

werth, fire.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in , Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1775, was read a Seamd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Priday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways And Means*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

- 1 i '

yovtSj 26° die yanug.ru;

Anno 15° Georgii JH,n Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

/jRdered, That Mr. Speaker do'issue his Warfant to Yarmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ' writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to lerve'in this present Parliament for the Borough o {Yarmoin the County, of Southampton, in the room of Edward JVorjley,'

Esquive, who, since his Eieftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke,

Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Mr. On^ley presented to the House, according to Lidlington

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lcclosure Common Fields.Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Inhabitants of Houses, in that Part of Piccadilly between Berkley Street and Hide Park , and of that Part of Park Lane between Piccadilly aforesaid, and the North Side of Hertford Street, within the Parish of Saint

George Hanover Square, and Liberty of is

referred.

An ingrafted Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation, to " Foreign Parts, of Utensils made use of in the Cotton,

" Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in Am, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation, to " Foreign Parts, of Utcnftls made uie ot in the Cotton, " Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this " Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Mannufaftuves of this Kingdom, Intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America.

Vol. 35.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Magaret's Westminster, upon Monday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of " the horrid Murther of his late sacred Majesty King " Charles the First," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

And the previous Questions being put. That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

£ Sir Francis Vincent, Tellers for the Yeas, I Mr.:

Tellers for the Noes, I *vlkjft0He>

[Sir

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That lain to this House do preach before this Saint Margaret's Westminfupon Monday 30th Day of this Instant January.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, rMat>

(Mr, Gascoyne:

Tellers for the Noes,f^*f>M- (Sir Cecil

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 138.

| 50.

the Chap-House, at next, the

| 112. Ordered,

Drawbacks.

Downton

Election.

Hindon

Election.

Exports, and Imports (America.)

Exports and Imports (West Indies)

American

Colonies.

8o

a6° Januarii.

A- r775-

Ordered, That there be laid before -this House, an Aca unt of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid out of the Produce of the Customs, for the Three Years ending at Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That the several Orders made upon the 6th and 19th Days of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon ittefday next, the Petition of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into consideration upon Friday the 3d Day of February next, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration Tomorrow, the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hixdon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to and from North America, from Christmas 1762, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Port, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to and from the Wesf Indies, from Christmas 1762, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Port and each Year.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of Londotiy concerned in the Commerce of North America, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting a Petition presented to the House by the Petitioners upon Monday last; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners have ever conceived that the Connection be-Great Britain and America originally was, and ought to be, of a commercial Kind, and that the Benefits derived therefrom, to the Mother Country, are of the same Nature; and observing the constant Attention which the British Legislature had, for more than a Century, given to those valuable Objects, they have been taught to admire the Regulations by which that Connexion had been preservd, and those Benefits secured, as the most effectual Institution which human Wisdom could have framed for those salutary Pur poles; presuming the refore on this Opinion, and supported by this Observation, the Petitioners represent to the House, that the fundamental Policy of those Laws of which they complain, and the Propriety of enforcing, relaxing, or amending, the fame, are Questions infieparabiy united with the Commerce between Great Britain and America; and consequently that the Consideration of the one cannot be entered on, without a full Discussion of the other j and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes,

that a Committee hath been appointed, to take into their Consideration certain Papers presented to the House by Lord North on 2Ir.rrfday tl:e 19th Instant; and, by the Titles and Dates of the said Papers, and in particular N° 148 and 149 of the lame, the Petitioners are warranted in preluming that the said Papers contain Matters reflecting the prefect Situation of America, and essentially concerning the mutual Interests of the Petitioners and that Country; and that, under all these Circumstances, the Petitioners find Realbn sincerely to lament that the House has thought fit to refer the Consideration of their laid Petition to any other Committee, than that to which the said Papers had previously been referred, and the Petitioners conceive that, by the Rdolution to which the House hath come, respecting the Reference of their laid Petition, they are absolutely precluded from the Bern fit or such a Hearing, in Support of their laid Petition, as can alone procure them that Relief, which the Importance and present deplorable State of their Trade require: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their immediate Consideration, and to direct that the Petitioners may be heard, by ihemselves or their Agents, in Support of their laid former Petition; and that no Resolutioa respecting America may be taken by the House, or any Committee thereof, until the Petitioners shall have been fully heard in Support of their said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for referring the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, to the Consideration cf a Committee of the whole House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Halcy’ J S9.

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; } 250.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, this Day presented to the House, do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of American the Town of Mar.chester, interested in American Com- Colonies, mcrce, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have for several Years carried on a very extensive and beneficial Trade with the Continent of America; and that the Payments for Goods, exported to that Country, have been such as to encourage the Merchants and Manufacturers to execute Orders from thence with Chearfulness and Confidence; and that the Stoppage of Trade, occasioned by the late unhappy Differences with the Americans, vv:ll loon render it necessary to discharge vast Numbers of Workmen, who have been maintained by this Commerce; and that it is not requisite, were it possible, to enumerate the Evils that mult arise from the precarious Situation on which their Intcrcourfie with America now (lands; they therefore recommend themselves to the Care and Pro-tedlion of Parliament, and rely on the Justice, the Wisdom, and Attention to the public Welfare, by which their present Apprehensions may not only be removed, but a System for their future Commerce formed on a sure and lading Basis.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and

others.

t5 Geo. III.

2 6° janmrii.

8i

others, of the City of London, concerned in the Com- now become essential to the flourishing State of all their merce of North America, is referred. Manufactures, and of Consequence to every Individual

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the in thele Kingdoms j and that the Bread of Thousands Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to in Great Britain principally and immediately depends the End of the Question, and inserting the Words upon this vait Branch of Commerce, of which a temit is referred to consider of the several Papers which porary Interruption will reduce the Hand of Industry to " were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon Idleness and Want; and a longer Ccfl'ation of it would

a *r j ... L A. L... f T h jf A L m Art., J

American

Colonies.

fink the now opulent Trader in Indigence and Ruin; and that, at this particular Season of the Year, t..e Petitioners have been accustomed to send out to North America many Ships wholly laden with the Products of Britain \ but, by the unhappy Differences at pretent subsisting, from whatever Source they flow, the Trade to those Parts is entirely at a Stand; and that the present Loss, though great, is nothing when compared with the dreadful Mischiefs which will certainly ensue, if some

Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Com- effectual Remedy is not speedily applied to this (preading

mcrce of North America, is referred. Malady, which must otherwise involve the India

Islands and the Trade to Africa in the complicated

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- Ruin; but that the Petitioners can still with pleasing fadturers, of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, Hopes look up to the British Parliament* from whorri and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, anti they trust that these unhappy Divisions will speedily be read; Setting forth. That the present Stagnation of healed, mutual Confidence and Credit restored, and Commerce to the North American Colonies, and the the Trade of Britain again flourish with undecaying Prospect of ineveafing Embarrassinents, occasioned by Vigour.

the unhappy Differences subsisting between Great Bri- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-iain and those Colonies, greatly alarm the Petitioners, posed. That the said Petition be referred to the Confi-who are engaged in, and greatly depend on, that Trade, deration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom for vending various Kinds of Goods they manufacture the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others* of of Iron, Steel, and other Metals; and that they view the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of

with the deepest Concern njany Manufacturers already out of Employ, and the Evils which they before experienced in similar Situations daily increasing, which presage the utmost Mii'ery to the said Town and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying the House will take their Trade and Distrefies under their most serious Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whdm" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " it <c is referred to consider of the several Papers which " were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon " Thursday la.it, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Ditto.

North America, is referred.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End o! the Quction, and inserting the Words " it " is referred to consider of the several Papers which were " presented to the Home, by the Lord North, upon " Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

A Petition of William Bollan, Benjamin Franklin, and Ditto'j Arthur Lee, Esquires, stating themselves to have been authorized by the Persons who signed one of the.Papers presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command, intituled, " Petition of " sundry Persons, on Behalf of themselves and the Inhabitants of several of His Majesty’s Colonies in to procure the said Paper to be presented to His Majesty:

And praying. That they may be heard at the Bar of this House, in Support thereof, being offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for „,e Yea

Tellers for the.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Merchants and Tradesmen of the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an extensive and most important Trade has been long carried on, from the said Town, to the Continent and Islands of America; and that the Exports from thence infinitely exceed in Value the Imports from America, from whence an.immense Debt ariies, and remains due to the British Merchant; and that every Article, which

the Labourer, Manufacturer, or more ingenious Artist, can furnish, for Use, Convenience, or Luxury, makes a Part in these Exports for the Consumption of the American; and that those Demands, as important in Amount as various in Quality, have for many Seasons Thursday last, by His Majesty’s Command, been so constant, regular, and diffusive, that they arc Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 33. Y

68.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ditto, whole House, to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon

Sir

8s 26° — 270 Januarii. A. 1775-

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morfoiV Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Army, Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

and^’ Sevennight, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Desertion. House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 27® die Januarii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Exports to r 1 H E House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, America. JL from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SefiSon.

Inclosur" Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Open Field Estates, within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and Lands, lie inconveniently intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knight ley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Cranford A Petition of Sir George Robinson, Baronet, the prin-Inclosure. cipal Proprietor of certain Common and Open Field Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Northampton, lying North North East, and North West, of the Town or Village of Cranford aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read

Setting forth* That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioner, and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Meadows, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Powys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hahn* for naturalizing George Ernft de Hahn, was read a Second Wat* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gray,

Mr. Fuller, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Slave,-His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Account* Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the last Accounts that have been received of the Number of Slaves, Neat Cattle, Mules, and Horses, in the several West India Islands.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty *s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Factors,- and Ma- American* nufacturers, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Colonki. on Behalf of themselves and others in that Neighbourhood, who are interested in the Trade from thence to North America, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Demand from North America, for the Manufactures of the said Town and Neighbourhood, has of late Years very eonfiderably increased, and many Thousands of People have usually found a regular Employment in making various Kinds of Goods, which have been exported thither 5 and that the present Stagnation of their Commerce with that Country r\s already very materially felt; and although it is with the greatest Reluctance that they thus trouble the House with then* Complaints, yet they might stand accused of a Want of Duty to the House, did they neglect to express their Fears, that, in a short Space of Time, a very numerous Body of working People will be deprived of the Means of Subsistence, which becomes the more alarming on account of the high Price of those’ Provisions which their Industry has heretofore enabled them to procure; and that these their Difficulties are also much increased, by the uneasy Apprehensions of their Traders to North America, for the large Property which they have intruded there: And therefore beseech the

House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as by the House shall be judged necessary.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred;

A Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the paths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of 4he House, an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words c< it

«is

15 Geo. lit. 27° Januarii. 83

" is referred to consider further of the several Papers " which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th Day of this Instant January, w by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders* and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred*

Westminster Lord Charles Spencer, from the Select Committee, Eleaion. who were aypointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Harvey Lord Viscount

morres, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and of several other Inhabitants, Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants, Llectors of the said City and Liberty, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right honourable Hugh Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, is duly elected a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of

And also that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right honourable 'Thomas Pelham Clinton, commonly called Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, is duly elected a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said City of Westminster.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House;.

Sail Retford The honourable Thomas Pelham Clinton, commonly Writ, called Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton, being chosen a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Westminster, and also a Burge Is for the Borough of

EastRetford, in the County of Nottingham, made his Elc&ion to serve for the said City

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of the said Lord Thomas Pelham Clinton.

Morpeth Lord Frederick Campbell, from the Select Committee, r‘‘" who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the honourable William Byron-, and also the Petition of several Freemen and Electors of the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined

That Francis Eyre, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland:

And also, that the said Committee have determined

That the honourable William Byron, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess, to terve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Morpeth.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the Return for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland; and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of Francis Eyre, Esquire, and inserting the Name of the honourable William Byron, instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

\oi. 35.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, LaniTatj upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great B; for the Service of the Year 1775, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1773, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

1775- . '

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- -

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbobe added to the Hat, ire. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Manufacturd; in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more " effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, committed " by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats,

" and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron,

" Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen HotPfeifers, and of all Persons employed in the said,

" several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of " their Wages."

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn-House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. ment*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a American Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Speaker again left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions;

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wa^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Me;o». to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

American

Colonies.

Morpeth

Elettion.

Ditto.

Styth’i

J^aone.

Hindon

Election.

84 $1°

to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hcrufe will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said'Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read

The House resolved itself into , a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord , upon Thursday the 19th Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles IVhi tv orth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ‘ to cocfider further of the said Papers.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Francis Eyre, Esquire, and the Freemen and Electors of the Borough ot in the County of Nor humbeiland, beat Liberty to petition this House,

to question the Election of the honourable William Byron, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Lord John Cavendish have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

A Bill to enable James Greenalgh, heretofore called James Styth, and his llfue, to take and use the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgh, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord John Cavendish, Lord Richard Cavendish, And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till 'Tuesday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 31* die;

Anno 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775. Prayers,

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of James Calthorpe and Richard Bedford, Esquires, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquires, for the Borough of Hindon, in the Coupty of Wilts, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And fcfeing returned;

9

Januarii \ 1775.

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 146 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioners, James Calthorpe and Richard Beckford, Esquires, with their Counsel and Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Richard Smith, Esquire, And the Counsel and Agents for the said Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, who attended at the Door; were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar; and the said Counsel for the said Sitting Members having severally informed the House; that the said Sitting Members being complained of by the said Petition now taken into Consideration, upon the Ground of Bribery at the said Election (which Charge would affect them separately, the said Members not having been joint Candidates, but having stood on distinct Interests at the said Election) desired to separate in their Defence; and no Objection being made thereto by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the said Petition having been read, the same was agreed to by the House.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 26th Day of " January 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members w'ere by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put "into the said Box on the 26th Day of 1775,"

was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Putyofe, and were there (haken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six GlalTes, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Ten other Members then present, were drawn, and let aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his Return not having been brought in Fourteen Days; and Nine, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending.

Note, also. That, during the Time of drawing the said Names, a Clerk at the Bottom of the House was appointed to take down in Writing the Names of all the Members in the House, in order that the Thirteen Members returned in the reduced Lift, as after-mentioned, might with greater Certainty be informed of the Names of those Members then present in the House, from amongst whom they were, by the Directions of the said Act of the nth George III. to chuse Two Members to be added to the said Lift. — -And this Method is proposed to be observed in

future

Broadwell,

See.

Inclosure,

'Brise Norton Inclosure.

"Wiftcch,

Sic.

Drainage.

15 Geo. III. 31 JoHuariu8$

future Cafes, where the Proceedings shall be similar to the present.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so efrawn, and not exculed, or set aside, being complete, and Three Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened;

And One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, One other to the Counsel for the said Richard Smith, Esquire, and the other to the Counsel for the said Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire; and thereupon the said Petitioners, with the said several Counsel1 and Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Sclect Committee, immediately withdrew. '

A Petition of Morovgh O'Rrycn, Esquire, Lord of the

Manot of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell St. John, in the County of Oxford, and Owner of a great Part of the Lands within the Hamlets of Broadwell and Filkirts, in the Manor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell St. John aforesaid, the President, Fellows, and Scholars, of Trinity College, in the University of Oxford, Owners of the Appfopriate Rectory of Broadwell aforesaid, Alexander Colfton, Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Broadwell aforesaid, Alexander Co/ston, Esquire, Patron of the Advowson of the said Vicarage, and a Proprietor of Lands in the said Hamlets, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands within the said Hamlets respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlets, certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided into specilic Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be very improvable, and great Advantages would arile to the feve/al Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that thi Lord Wenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Robert Throckmorton, Baronet, Guardian of Charles Greenwood, Esquire, a Minor, Lord of the Manor of Brifs Norton, in the County of Oxford, and Owner of a great Part of the Lands in the said Manor, the Reverend Samuel Goodenough, Doctor of Laws, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Brise Norton aforesaid, Phillips Esquire, and the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands in the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc certain Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within the said Manor and Parish, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided into specilic Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, great Advantages would arise to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and General Irwine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and I Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of H'ifbech Marrow and,

VOL. 35.

in the Isle of Ely, in the Cohntjr Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds (containing in the whole 7,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say; towards the West, by Murrow Bank; towards the South; by the North Bank, of the River Nene in Part, and the Town of Wisbech in Part; towards the East, by the said Town in Part, and the West Bank of the said River Nene in Part, and the Lands in ton in Part; and towards the North, by the Lands in Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove) are much annoyed with Waters, for want of a proper Drainage; and that, if the same were effectually drained, it would be a great Benefit to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and to the Public: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foe draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir son Gideon, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lauds, within the Hamlet of Burcot, and Parish of in the County of Oxford, was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Three Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill; and the Owner of f of a Yard Land, who could not be found; and that the said Fields contain 3? Yard Lands and an Half) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feveraHy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N°T. Extract of a Letter from Governor Martin to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Newbum, North,

ift September 1774: Received 27th January 1775; iri-closing,

N° 2. Resolutions entered into at a Meeting of the Inhabitants of the District of,

21 ft July 1774; and an Address to the Freeholders of Craven Coun.

N° 3. Paper addressed to the Freeholders of Craven County.

N° 4. Extract from the North Carolina , of

2d September 1774: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Bull to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Charles Town, South Carolina, 19th December 1774: Received 27th January

1773; inclosing,

JN° 6. Charge given by Judge Drayton, of South 2 Carolina,

Burcot

Inclosure

America*

Colonic*

86 3X° Januarii. A> 1775.

Carolina 5 and Presentments of the Grand Jury: It was resolved in the Affirmative*

And also, Then the main Question being put;

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah, in Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to Georgia, 13th December 1774: Received 27th January whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others* 1775; inclosing, § of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of

N° 8. Extrad from the Georgia Gazette, of 14th North America, is referred.

December 1774.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Con* sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon Thursday the 19th Day of this Instant January, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the othei* Papers of this Sdlion.

Tobacco. - Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all British Plantation Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Year 1760 to the Year 1775, and the Quantity exported from England in the same Period; distinguishing the Exports and Imports in each particular Year.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all British Plantation Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Year 1760 to the Year 1775, and the Quantity exported from Scotland in the same Period; distinguishing the Exports and Imports in each particular Year.

American A Petition of the Manufacturers of Felt Hats, and Colonies. £)eajers therein, as also of the Shoemakers, in the Town of Nemcafile, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town has for many Years pall been the principal Place in the Kingdom for Felt Hats; and that large Quantities of Shoes have been made there; the Bulk of which have from Time to Time been exported to different Parts of America, until the Differences unhappily arose betwixt this Kingdom and the Colonies; since then a total Stop to their Trade thither has taken place; and that their manufactured Goods lie dead upon their Hands, Payments are suspended, and their Works flopped, so that great Numbers of their People are quite destitute of Employment, whereby the Petitioners are involved in the general Distress, and the lower Class of People and their Families are reduced to very great Extremity; and what enhances their Unhappiness is, the very high Price of most of the Necessaries of Life at this Sealon of the Year: And therefore praying, That the House would take the same into their serious Consideration, and concert such Measures as they shall dictate for alleviating their Miseries, and that may operate in opening their Trade again, and thereby enabling them to afford an Opportunity to their working People of procuring a Subsistence for themselves and their Families.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " it " is referred to consider further of the several Papers " which were presented to the House, by the Lord " North, upon Thursday the 19th Day of this Instant " January, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command," i.11 (lead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words pro-.posed to be left cut stand Part of the Question;

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Traders in Ditto* Earthen Ware, residing in Burslem, Tunstall, Cobridge,

Shelton, Hanley, Stoke Lane, Delf Lane End, and Places adjacent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in Burslem, and the several Places abovementioned, there are near 200 separate Potteries* for the making of various Kinds of Earthen Wares, which together have found constant Employment and Support for near Ten thousand People; and that a considerable Part of the Goods manufactured by the Petitioners were exported into the different Parts of America, until the late Differences unhappily arose between this Kingdom and her Colonies; and that the Petitioners have great Quantities of Goods now lying upon their Hands; and instead of receiving from America the Orders usually given at this Season of the Year, those few Orders they had received have since been countermanded, and a total Stop is now-put to that Trade, and the Payments for Goods already sold to them rendered very precarious; in consequence of which, the Petitioners have been obliged to reduce their Wotks, and discharge Numbers of their Servants, and, unless some speedy Alteration in Affairs takes place, they must discharge many more, whereby a greater Number still will be destitute of Employment, and reduced, with their Families, to the utmost Necessity:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and concert such Mca-sures as to them may seem expedient for opening again the Commercial Intercourse between this Kingdom and her American Colonies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro posed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North Ant eric a, is referred.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " it " is referred to consider further of the several Papers " which were presented to the House, by the Lord North,

" upon Thursday the 19th Day of this Instant January,

" and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to pjymptot the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Ele&ioiu the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Paul Henry Ourry, Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Land Tax. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the

i5 Geo. III.

31° Januarii.

the Year 1775, was committedj the Amendments which ' the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One -, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

IfiKtia Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1775.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles -worth, Mr. Brett, &c. V And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hindoo James Calthorpe and Richard Beckford, Esquires, the EleOIon, Petitioners before-mentioned, with the said several Counsel and Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the said several Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, % alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and that the Counsel for the said Richard Smith, Esquire, had llruck off one of the said Names in the First Place, the Counsel for the Petitioners in the Second Place, and the Counsel for the said Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, in the Third Place; which Order of striking the said Names had been determined by Lot in his Presence, after the Petitioners, and the said Counsel and Agents were withdrawn from the Bar; and the said Clerk delivered in to the House one of the said Three Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the said Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which; last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Gerard William Pan Neck, Esquire, William Wollaf-ton, Esquire, Samuel Marsh, Esquire, Thomas Dundas, of Cafllecary, Esquire, the honourable Vaughan, John

Aubrey, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Charles Brett, Esquire, Benjamin Allen, Esquire, Jacob -Jon, Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, the honourable Lucius Ferdinand Cary.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew; and being, after some Time, again returned to the House, the Petitioners, together with the said several Counsel and Agents, who had been before directed to withdraw, were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, informed the House, that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Two Members from amongst those who were present when the House was counted by Mr. Speaker as aforesaid, and whose Names had not been drawn, and who were also then present in the House, to be added to the said Thirteen Members already chosen by Lot to lerve on the said Select Committee; and that the Names of such Two Members were John Elwes, Esquire, and George Byng, Esquire; who not requiring to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, rfnd not being objected to, their Names were added to the said Lift; and thereupon the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over, and being come to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe and Richard Beckford, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough "of Hindon, in the County of Wilts; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

Vol. 35.

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the Matter of the Petition'of James Calthorpe " and Richard Beckford, Esquires, referred to " you; and a true Judgment give according to " the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And the said Petitioners, James and Richard

Beckford, Esquires, with the said several Counsel and Agents, were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second C<*nmittee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, American That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the Colonicj. whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred, that they do enquire into the Manner of procuring and signing the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last; and also the Petition of sundry Merchants, Factors, and Manufactures, of Birmingham, in the County of , on Behalf of

themselves and others in that Neighourhood, who are interested in the Trade from thence to North which was presented to the House upon Friday last; and how far the Persons severally signing the same are concerned in the Trade to North America;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^LoifLwnley: ’ } 37-

Tellers for the Noes, } 85.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Chaplain, the Reverend Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself. into a Committee of the American whole House, to consider further of the several Papers Colonies, which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon Thursday the 19th Day of this Instant January, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is FHnthsnt concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Indofart, Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Flintham, in the County of Nottingham, which Bill was upon the 16th Day of December last read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That *His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned.

4

88 %\° Januatii — i °Februariu A. 1775.

cerrted, that the 'House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Mottling, Ten of the Clock*

Mercurii) I ° die Februarii}

Anno* 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775; Prayers.

Slire, Sec. Tl Treasurer of the Houshold reported to thfc Accounts. IVI House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be hud before this House, Copies of the last Accounts that have been received, of the Num* ber of Slaves, Neat Cattle, Mules, and Horses, in the several West India Islands) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly,

Goodman- A Petition of John Clough and William Stephensony ham Gentlemen, and others, whose Names arc thereunto Inclosure. subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor of Goodmanham, in the County of York, Three open and uninclosed Fields, called Stank Hill Field, Cross Gate Field, and Spring Well Field, containing together, by Estimation, 3,000 Acres', or thereabouts, and a Parcel of Common, or Waste Ground, containing 100 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors, in the said Open Fields, Common and ' Waste Ground, lie dispersed and intermixed, and are

not, in their present Situation, capable of Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Parties concerned, and the Utility of the Public, if the same were divided and inclosed, and if the titheable Lands and Tenements in the said Manors were exempted from Tithes, upon Compensation being made for the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given t6 bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, and Common or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Lord John Cavendish, and Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Account* Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing from the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-MmnXvf fented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an office- Act of Parliament,

N* 1, State and Condition of Appolonia Forty 28th February 1774: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Annamaboe Forty 20th March 1774: And also,

N° 3. StateandCondition of James Fort, Acer a., March 1774: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Cape Coast CaJUey March 1774: And also,

N° 5. State'and Condition of Commenda Fort: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Dixcove Forty March 1774: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Succondee Fort, x 8th March 1774: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of Tantiwujuerry Forty March 1774: And also.

N° 9. State arid Condition of Winnebab Forty March

1774-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was -read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right honourable Jndreub Lord Wootton Archery and several other Persons whose Names are Wawen, ka thereunto subscribed* being Proprietors of Lands,

Grounds, and Tithes, in Wootton Wavben, otherwise IVavis Wootton Common Fields, Whitley Fields, Henley Fields, The Great Back Fields, The Little Back Fields, jHaddington Fields, and Bearley Fields, in the Parish of Wootton, otherwise Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Lands and Grounds lie open, common, and intermixed, and are inconveniently situated j and that it would tend to the Improvement of the respective Estates of all Persons interested therein, if the same were to be divided and inclosed, and separate Allotments thereof made to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and for allotting the same amongst the Petitioners and all others interested therein, according to their respective Shares and Interests in the fame, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear necessary or expedient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir Charles Holt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee, FHotliara to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure, Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Flint ham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hippijley Coxepresented to the House, according Men<J. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a large open inclosure< and uncultivated Common, or Traft of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of Doulting and Stoke St. Michaely otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Richard Hippijley CW, Esquire, Thomas Emborow Majlers, John Bath, Samuel Watts, William Stock, Thomas Inclosure. Weaver, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Parish of Emborow, and County of Somerset, a large open and uncultivated

15 Geo. III. i° Februarii. 89

cultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, containing, by Estimation, 551 Acres; and that Richard Hippijley Coxe, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Emborow, and Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, is seized of the perpetual Advowson, and Right of Pa-‘tronage and Presentation of, in, and to, the Vicarage Church of Chewton Mendip, to which the Parish Church of Emborozv is annexed, and is.likewise Impropriator of, and entitled to, all the Great Tithes within the said Pa-.rish, and the Reverend Arthur Anneftey, D. D. is Vicar of the said Parish Church of Chewton Mendip, with the said Parish Church of Emborow annexed; and that the Petitioners, as Owners and Proprietors of Lands or Tenements within the said Parish, have a Right of Common in, over, and upon, the said Common or Tract of Ground; and that it would be of great Advantage to all

Persons interested in the said Common or Tradf of -Ground, if the same was divided and inclosed, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may ,be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the (iaid Common or Trad of Ground, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. May fey, Mr. Alien, and Mr. P he lips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

New Radnor The House was moved that the several Orders, Election. made upon the 6th and 8th Days of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnor, and its contributory Boroughs, on Behalf of themselves and other the Burgesses of the same Boroughs, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of this Instant February, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Dorchester The House was moved that the several Orders, made Election. Upon jjie ^th and 17th Days of Decmber last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday Sevennight, the 10th Day of this Instant February, the Petition of Anthony Chapman, Esquire, and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Eledors of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, on Behalf of themselves and divers others of the Eledors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17 th Day of this Instant February, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Cricklnde The House was moved that the Order, made upon Election. the 19th Day of January last, for taking into Consideration, upon Monday next, the Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, and also the Petition of Samuel Reach, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Vox.. 35.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken *nto C011-lideration upon Friday the 10th Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved that the several Orders, made Bristol upon the 6 th Day of December last, for taking into Con* Electioa. sideration, upon Friday next, the Petition of Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, and also the Petition of divers Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Free*-holders and Free Burgesses, of the City and County of the City of Bristol, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Const-deration upon Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Lidlington Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, inclose, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ongley,

Mr. Darker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and American Assistants, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of Colonies York, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants, Merchants,

Traders, and Manufacturers, in the Borough of Leeds aforesaid, and in Wakefield, Halifax, Bradford, and other Places, within the West Riding of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, convinced that the Preservation of the Commerce of this County and its Colonies depends upon a due Obedience to the Laws of England, are greatly alarmed at the unwarrantable Proceedings now carrying on, by the Inhabitants of Bofion and some other Colonies in North America, in open Defiance of the Supreme Legislative Power of this Kingdom, manifestly* obstruefting Commerce, and subverting all legal Government; and that the Petitioners have great Reason to believe. Attempts are now making, to excite groundless Fears and Apprehensions in the Minds of many of His Majesty's faithful Subjects in this Kingdom, receding the present Situation of American Affairs; and, by false Represen tations, and other undue Means, to prevail upon them to sign Petitions to the House, for a Repeal of several Acts of Parliament; and that the Petitioners, on the contrary, apprehend the maintaining the Authority of the British Legislature is the best Security for all interested in the.Trade to America: And therefore praying the House to take such Measures as may seem to them most expedient, for enforcing a due Obedience to the British Legislature, and restoring Order and good Government in America.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving cut from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inferring the Words, u it is referred to consider further of the several Papers A a "which

u.

9°

Februarii.

A. 1775.

" which were presented to the House, by the Lord " North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, " by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of , concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

American Petition of the Merchants of Leeds, trading to the Colonies. North American Colonies, or having Property there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Means of the North American Commerce carried on directly from the Town of Leeds to the North American Colonies, as also by the very great Quantities of the Manufactures of the said Town and Neighbourhood, passing to the said Colonies, through the Hands of the Merchants of London, Liverpool, &c.

the Petitioners have been enabled greatly to extend the Manufactures of the said Town and Country, and given thereby a large Employ to a great Number of Mailer Manufacturers, and to many Thousands of their industrious poor Labourers; and that the North American Commerce from the said Town and Neighbourhood, taken collectively in its full Extent, is an Object of great Concern to the West Riding of Yorkshire in general, to the Petitioners in particular, and worthy the Attention of Parliament; and that, by the unhappy Differences lately broke forth between and

her American Colonies, the Petitioners labour under the present Stagnation of that Branch of Trade, which in Years pall has been too considerable not to be sensibly felt by themselves, and in Time will be much more so by the industrious Manufacturers of the said Town and Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners having very considerable Property in the Hands of the North Americans, they cannot, in the present critical Situation of Affairs, but be anxious for the Safety thereof, although in ever so honest Hands the same may be deposited; the Petitipners, therefore, alarmed for themselves and Families, at the same Time feeling for the Distressesof those to "whom in Times pall they have been enabled to give Support, confiding in the Wisdom, the Justice, and the Moderation of Parliament, pray such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, by His Majesty’s Command;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words, " the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, " of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce " of North America, is referred," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, the " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of " the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " North America, is referred," be* inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and

others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Duration of That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening ar an, enw* the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Saw- *) bridge,

Mr. Alderman Oliver,

TeIlmfor«heNoeS>{^ond£^,

So it passed in the Negative.

100.

I9$-

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Americad Majesty’s Command, Colonies.

N° 1. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 26th

December 1774: Received 31st January 1775; inclosing,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Governor,

to Governor Gage, dated 14th December 1774.

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Captain Cochran, to Governor Wentworth, dated 14th December 1774.

N° 4. Extracts of a Letter from Governor Wentworth to Governor Gage, dated 16th December 1774: And allb,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Golden, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 4th January 1775: Received the 31st January: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from the Deputy Governor of Pensylvania, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadel-

phia, the 31st of December 1774: Received 31 1775; inclosing, .

N° 7. Extracts from the printed Votes of the Assembly of Penafylvania: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a letter from Deputy Governor Eden, dated Annapolis, Maryland, 30th December 1774:

Received ill February 1775; inclosing,

N° 9. Extract from the Maryland Gazette, of December 29, 1774.

N° 10. Copy of a Paper handed about in the City of Annapolis.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Paj>ers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31 ft Days of January last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read > House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant February.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an<* Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itielfinto the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itteli into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Americas

.,1 f'nlnni^G.

Goodmanham

luclofuie.

Brcmhill,

&c.

Indoiure.

Thames and Ills Navigation.

i c Geo. III. i° — 2° Fe oi

whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

LORD George Cavendijk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of , in the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Earl of Shelburne, on Behalf of himself and several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Parish, a certain Common, or Stinted Failure, called Stockham Marsh, which is the Property of the Petitioner and other Persons, being Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Parish, or having Beall Leazes, or Common of Pasture, in or upon the said Common or Stinted Pallurc; and that the Petitioner and the several other Owners and Persons interested in the said Common are desirous that the same should be divided and inclosed, and Specific Shares thereof allotted, according to their Intcrells therein; and that there are also, within the said Parish, certain old Inclosures, and it would be for the Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, to have the same freed and discharged from the Payment of Tyrhes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Air. Penruddccke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Commissionen appointed in, or by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, ar.d the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers ‘Ihomes and lfis, ironi ti.e City of London to the Town of

Crick fade, in the County of Wand ol several Barge-masters and others, employed in navigating Boats, Barges, end other Yeliels, upon the said Rivers, whole Names are thereunto iubl'cished, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by the said Acts, the Commissioners thereby appointed were empowered VoL. 35.

to make Orders and Regulations, touching the Sizes and Draughts of Water of all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels navigating the said Rivers; and, by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, no Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, is to draw more than Three Feet of Water, which Rellriftion has been found to be very prejudicial, and tends to enhance the Price of Carriage of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, navigated thereon: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said last mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigating upon the said Rivers, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Griffith, Mr. Clayton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ;and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Air. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Planters of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies residing in Great Britain, and of the Merchants of London trading to the said Colonies, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Pe-tioners are exceedingly alarmed at an Agreement and Affjciation entered into, by the Congress held at Philadelphia, in North America, on the 5th Day of September 1774, whereby the Members thereof agreed and also ci-ated, for themselves and the Inhabitants of the several Provinces, lying between Nova Scotia and Georgia, that, from and after the First Day of December X774,they would not import into British America any Me.ifies, Syrups, Paneles, Coffee, or Piementu, from the British Plantations; and that, after the joth Day of September 1775, if the Acts and the Parts of Acts of the British Parliament therein mentioned, are not repealed, they would not directly, orindireftiy, export any Merchandize or Commodity whatsoever to the West Indies-, and representing to the House, that the British Property in the West India Islands amounts to upwards of Thirty Millions Sterling; and that a further Property of many Millions is employed in the Commerce created by the said Islands, a Commerce comprehending Africa, the East Indies, and Europe; and that the whole Profits and Produce of those Capita's ultimately centre in Great Britain, and add to the National Wealth, while the Navigation necessary to all its Branches, establishes a Strength which Wealth can neither purchase nor balance; and that the Sugar Plantations in the West Indies are subject to a greater Variety ol Contingencies than many other Species of Property, from their necessary Dependence on external Support; and that therefore, should any Interruption

happen

Marina

Forces*

Land Tax*

American

Colouies*

92

2* — f Fe

A- 1775-

happen in the general System of their Commerce, the

treat National Stock thus veiled and employed mud ecome unprofitable and precarious; and that the Profits arising from the present State of the said Islands, and that are likely to arise from their future Improvement, in a great Measure depend on a free and reciprocal Intercourse between them and the several Provinces of North America, from whence they are furnished with' Provisions and other Supplies absolutely needfary for their Support and the Maintenance of their Plantations; and that the ScarGit^and high Price, in Great Britain, and other Parts of Europe, of those Articles of indispensable Necessity, which they now derive from the middle Colonies of America, and the inadequate Population in some Parts of that Continent, with the Distance, Danger, and Uncertainty, of -the Navigation from others, forbid the Petitioners to hope for a Supply in any Degree proportionate to ,their Wants; and that, if the first Part of the said Agreement and Association for a Non-importation, hath taket* place, and shall be continued, the same mil be highly detrimental to the Sugar Colonies; and that, if the Second Part of the said Agreement and Association for a Non-exportation shall be carried into Execution, jjp&ich the ^Petitioners do firmly believe will happen, unless the Harrxlfeny that subsisted a few Years ago between this Kingdom and the Provinces of America, to the infinite Advantage of both, be restored, the Islands, which are supplied with moll of their Subsistence from thence, will be reduced to the utmost Distress, and the Trade between all the Islands and this Kingdom will of Course be obstructed, to the Diminution of the Public Revenue, to the extreme Injury of a great Number of Planters, and to the great Prejudice of the Merchants, not only by the said Obstructions, but also by the Delay of Payment of the Principal and interest of an immense Debt due from the former to the latter: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious Consideration that great political System of the Colonies heretofore so very beneficial to the Mother Country and her Dependencies, and adopt such Measures as to them shall seem meet, to prevent the Evils with which the Petitioners are threatened, and to preserve tlje Intercourse between the West India Islands and the Northern Colonies, to the general Hangtony and lasting Benefit of the whole British Empire/-.and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, in Support of their Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and Yesterday, by His Majesty’s Command; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the Words " and that the Petitioners," and inserting the Words " the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, " and others, of the City of London, concerned in the " Commerce of North America, is referred," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " the " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " North America, is referred," be inserted inllead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Main Question, lo amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents/ or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Artnv and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day SeVen-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord Norths upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and Yesterday, by His Majesty's Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chain

Sir Clutrles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to aResolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near One of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VeneriS). 30 die Februarii j

Anno 150 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper; Esquire, and also the Petition of several Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Dummer, Esquires, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-finess of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The

Army:

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

American

Colonies.

Downton

Election.

15 Geo. III. 3° Februarii. 93

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 115 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, <c That the said Box was, on the ad Day of " February 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An " Ad to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attention inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members'were " by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into the "'said Box on the 2d Day of February 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size,

I and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them, to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable William Byron was then drawn, but the House having, on the 27th Day of January last, ordered, that Francis Eyre, Esquire, and the Freemen and Eledors of the Borough or Morpeth, should be at Liberty to petition this House, to question the Election of the said Member, within Fourteen Days then next, if they should think fit, his Name was set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, were severally called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate, each of them, One from amongst the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those^chosen by Lot to serve on the said Seled Committee.

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioners named Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members named Fletcher Norton, Esquire, neither of whom required to be excuicd from serving on the said Seletft Committee, and who were not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine VOL. 35.

Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

A Petition of William Constable, Esquire, Lord of the Keyingham Manor of Keyingham, in Holderness, in the East Riding Inclosure. of the County of York, and of Christopher Scotty Esquire,

Thomas Owjl, and Robert Dunn, Gentlemen, and others.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Township of Keyingham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Township, divers Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie dispersed, and the Freehold and Copyhold Parts thereof so intermixed, that, dn their present Situation, they are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Lc&ve be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Frank land, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Frank* land, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir George Strickland, Baronet, Lord of Boyntom the Manor of Boynton, in the East Riding of the County Inclosure. of Fork, and Owner of Eight Parts in Nine, or thereabouts, of the several Lands and Grounds within the same Township, and also Impropriator of the Rectory or Parsonage of Boynton aforesaid, and Patron of the Vicarage there, and John Knowsley, Clerk, Vicar of Boynton aforesaid^ (which said Sir George Strickland as Impropriator, and the said John Knozvjley as Vicar, are entitled to all the Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues within the said Township) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Pastures, and Uninclosed Grounds, reputed to contain 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and which have usually been held and enjoyed, by the Owners thereof, according to the Number of Oxgangs of Land and Common Right which they respectively have therein; and that, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided, inclosed, or allotted, in specific Shares, to t he said Owners, in proportion to their respective Interests, and to be by them held and enjoyed in Severalty, free from all Common Right whatsoever, and if a Compensation was made for the Tythes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of the said Township, the mutual Benefit of the Persons interested therein, and also the public Utility, would be promoted thereby: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition And that Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir George Savile, and Mr. Frank-land, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Sir Justinian Isham, Baronet, Lord of Scald well the Manor of Scaldwell, in the County of Northampton, Incloswc. and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Scaldwell aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, Pastures,

B b Meadows,

V

94

Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous to the several Persons interested, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their several and respective Rights and interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. 'Powys and Mr. Knight ley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Burcot An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlet of Burcot, and Parish of Dorchester, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlet of Burcot, and Parish of Bor-chefer, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rigton. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frankland be added to the Inclosure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition or the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders within the Manor and Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York.

Ditto. Sir Thomas Frankland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Normanton, Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee, &c. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the District of Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of South-well, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foujid the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thomas Bagnell, Lessee under the Chapter of Southwell for Half an Acre, who was not applied to, it not being known in the Country that he had any Property; and that the Lands to be inclosed consist of 379 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

6

1775-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open FHntham Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosure. Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of FHntham, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Flint ham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Freeholders and others, of the Scroobjr Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Inclosure. Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township and Parish, several Open Common Fields and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to all Persons interested therein, according to their several Interests, it would be an Improvement of their Estates:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Earl of Lincoln do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor, within the ific of Wight Ife of Wight, was presented to the House, and read; Poor. Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were incorporated, and empowered to establish a House or Houses of Industry in the Ife of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Pocr belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island; and that the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in the Execution of the Powers to them granted; but find, that, by reason of the Infus-ficiency of the Sum of Money they are authorized to borrow for the Purposes of the Act, and on Account of some Defects therein, they cannot completely execute the Trusts reposed in them, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to borrow a further Sum of Money, and to explain and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report, the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Worsey, Mr. Sloane,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Richard Cavendish reported from the Com- st/th’i mittee, to whom the Bill to enable James Greenalgh, here- Name, tofore called James Styth, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgh, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered,

30 Februarii.

15 Geo. III. 3® — 6° Februa 95

Accounts Ordered, That there be hid before this House, an

ordered. Account of the Quantities of Sugar imported into Great Britain from the British Colonies and Plantations, from Christmas 1762, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Mnfcovado Sugar, and of Refined Sugar, exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1762, as far as the same can be made up; difftinguishing each Year, and the Quantities exported to North America.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Amount and Value of the Imports from the British Sugar Colonies, into Great Britain, from Christmas 1762, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Ditto' The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in;, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid out of the Produce of the Customs in England, for the Three Years ending at Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year:'And also,

An Account of all British Plantation Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Year 176010 the 5th January 1774; and the Quantity exported from England in the same Period; distinguishing the Exports and Imports in each particular Year; which is as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to and from North America and England, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to and from the West Indies and England, fxom Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Island, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt imported into the several British Colonies of North America, for Twenty Years last past; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

Knightley, Esquire, Hugh Owen of Pembroke, Esquire, the Honourable Booth Grey, Rowland Holty Esquire, Jofsph Bullocky Esquire, Lord Adam Gordon, Edward Gibbon,

Esquire, John Dodd, Esquire.

And the Names of Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, and Fletcher Norton, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Freeholders of the Borough of Dozvntoiiy in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try u the Matter of the Petition of Sir Philip Hales,

" Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire; and also " the Petition of several Freeholders of the " Borough of Downtou, in the County of Wilts;

" and a true Judgment give according to the " Evidence.

" So help you God.’*

And then the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday America* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Colonies, whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

ElSn ^he ^oun^ an^ Agents for Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, e on* and John Coopery Esquire, the Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Dummery Esquires, the Sitting Members before-mentioned, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered into the House One of the said Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift: of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, whichlaft-mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Baronet, Richard Aldworth Nevilley Esquire, Charles Mogan, Esquire, Edward Roe Yeoy Esquire, Sir George Robinson, Baronet, Lucy Vol. 35.

Lufusy 6° die Februarii\

Anno 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 177$.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Rowe (from Forfeited the Treasury) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Scot the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners <c and Trustees, for managing the annexed forfeited " Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of cc His Majesty’s Treasury; which, by an Act of the " 25th Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, is directed to " belaid before both Houses of Parliament.*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The

V-.

p6

6° Februarii.

p"= "-» ssirtt

.An A r/'mins ^C1.1_o r i.

him often write, and that he believed

%ned " Jacob mikinfinr ' d

1775-

the said Letter,

The said"LrtS"j£;reSbe rfdhis ^^ngi via, Were read> and are as folloWeth

U1U iiien lie withdrew’.

And the Title of the said Account was read; Ordered, lhat the said Account do lie table, to be perused by the lUemh^rc

Th0 rCAPeIufcdby-the Members of the House.

the said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

upon the requires.

Dino.

rnmm-ir f b r"? 'nformed that Mr. (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at

the Door; he was called in; and, at tl - "

’ House, pursuant to their Order,

I caMot avoid departing imm ^*trem® Distress,

Won "£

L ",tltr'mpriaic*bte 10 tfquest

require! Faro"r>'° reP°"^ the Act

I am, dear Sir,

Way,. FO, W"h "d Meem,

II o’Clnri' nt v-V^ Your most obedient

o Clock at Night. humble Servant,

Dmia:, Elqujrc. ,rM*

Bath .3, yjjt

desires you will immediately come to

Sir,

Mrs. Wilkinfo

- — *wuiv.j^unudiu lu cneir wraer.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Customs in Scotland, for the Three Years ending at ioth

OMa ,73 , distbguilhbg each year. 1ST T 'mmf a,cl>r «

_ Mr. Rnwt also (from the Commissioners of the very danoe’rrL vv.e V^1",? "u'T,'1' 'll> "d ic Customs in Scotland)presented to the House, pursuant wfrh hiing „i „ "L*_r,c"d., Dr‘ laS°F

to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account ofwhat Number of Ships, from Scotland, have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis’s Streightsand the Greenland Seas;’ with their respective 11 Clock

Names and Burthens; from whence they were fitted out; and at what Port they were discharged; also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported from the ioth of October 1773 to the zoth of

October 1774' . iJr/oAW, That the Excuse, alledged by the said Mr.

Mr. Rowe also (from the Commissioners of the ^/7to/o«, in the said Letter, be allowed; and that the lstoms in Scotland) presented to the House, pursuant said Mr. be excused from any further Attend-

ee of the 18th Day of May, in the last ance on the said Committee.

— in a

, I 0"V"> "?Jr .1'1,tuu Hr. De la Couris

w.th him, whole close Attention in the present Distress you may depend upon.

Iam

Your most obedient - - . humble Servant,

at Night. pL Ditcher.

Mrs. Wilkinson earnestly repeats her Solicitude for your coming away immediately.

Customs to their Order Session of Parliament

An Account of Coffee imported and exported into and from Scotland, and of the Customs paid thereon, from the Year 1764 to the Year 1773 inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and Foreign Coffee from Coffee of the British Plantations; and also from and to what Places the same has been imported and exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, and proceed on the further Hearing of the Merits of the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Goodman* a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of Goodmanham, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Richard Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Worcester,

Hind°n M-r' tfdto7rvtheMeri tsoTthePe tition of James Gj/- Lords of the Manor of Solver ley, the County of

° 'X^EsquirJnd Richard Beckford, Esquire, complain- and Patrons of the Parill, Church of Wolverley

thorpi, squire, , the Borough the Reverend Thomas Evans, Vicar of the

of Bind in the County of Wilts, that the said Cosaid and Parish £hurch Sir

of Htndon, in uie ouuiuj > f ,r| , y /;. Saunders Baronet, Foley, Esquire,

mi,r'!’S"5 itirtk 4^ >/»,

'Vfcufte One of the Members of the N#, Esquire, >/;* Tpfram Esquire, and

Jacob Wilkinson, Jilquire, we ,. , r , Stephens Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose

« Comminee S^rctUunro ftbfciW, Ow,e„ and Prop*-

Adjournment, the said Select Comm , r t ancj Tenements within the said Manor

Hour for the said Member; ano the a; em on Behalf of tliemleives and

then attending, the Committee adjourned till Three of Tanm Proprietore of Lands

' the Clock this Afternoon. nn. , 1 j Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was

And Mr. Dundas informed the House Thah Kd, ^ d. Setting forth, That

Yesterday Morning, received from^ the^la - jjier witJ)in the said Manor and 1 an h, levera

fonaLetter, inclosing af^ %TreadAnd he Commons and Waste Lands, called by PL Ditcher; which he oefired Names of Broadwaters , Cookley Wood, Blakejall

delivered the same in at the Clerk Jfn proved by Mr. Common, Drakeley Common, Sion Hill, or Little Common And the said Letters having b.en Prot'<* by and £/ (fs Hl//j containing about 1500 Acres; and t at

Dundas, upon Oath administered to him at the laDic, we entitled to, or interested in, the

Dundas upon Oath aclmimiccrcu ‘the Petitioners are entitled to, or intcreneu

t0Afd^7ionov^lcy<^oDyr^,^^Mon-

ltt

Cutfden,

&c.

Inclosure.

Piccadilly Paving, &c.

15 Geo. III.

Parties interested, if the same wereinclosed and divided, and a.lotted to and amongst the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to biing in a Bill for the Purposes afore ('aid, under such Regulations and restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Sir John do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of otherwise Cuttefden, in the Parish of Eredon, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Hamlet, several Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the same would be greatly increased in Value, if divided , and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Selzvytt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen and others. Inhabitants of Houses, in that Part of Piccadilly between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Corner, and of that Part of Park Lane between Piccadilly aforesaid, and the North Side of Hertford Street, within the Parish of George Hanover Square, and Liberty of Westminster, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the 12th Year of King George the First, and the 14th Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, were read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees for repairing the said Roads were directed to repair such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Clarges Street and Hyde Park Gate, and such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North End of Hertford Street, and to water such Part of Piccadilly as lies between the End of Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate aforesaid, in all dry Seasons when the Dull was troublesome to Passengers.

Then an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was also read; whereby it appeared, that the said former Acts, so far as relates to such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and to so much of Park Lane aforesaid as lies between Piccadilly and the North End of Hertford Street were repealed, and the same were put under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for paving the several Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster; and a clear annual Sum of £.1,000 is directed to be paid out of the Tolls to be collected upon the said Roads to the Commissioners for Paving, to enable them to pave, cleanse, and light, and regulate, such Parts of the said Street and Lane aforesaid, and for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned. Then,

Vor.. 35.

97

Sampson Wright, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Commissioners have caused such Part of the Street, called Piccadilly, as lies between Berke'ey Street and Hyde Park Corner, and also f.ich Part of Lane as lies between Piccadilly aforesaid and the North Side of Hertford Street, to be paved, cleansed, and lighted; and did, for several Years after pasting the said Act, cause such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Corner to be watered; but that of late they have discontinued to water the said Street because they have not a sufficient Fund for that Purpose.

General Cho/mondeley, one of the Inhabitants of Pic-

cadilly, being examined, said. That he, with several other of the Inhabitants, had applied to the Commissioners of Paving to have Piccadilly watered as formerly, and the Anl'wer they received from the Commissioners was, That they had not a luflicient Fund at that Time to do it; that one of the Commissioners then present said. That they had then a small Balance in their Hands, which they promised should be applied in watering the said Street.

Mr. Thomas Forfyth, Agent for the Petitioners, informed your Committee, That he attended the Commissioners, together with several of the principal Inhabitants of Piccadilly, sometime in the Summer of 1772, with a Representation of the Acts relative to Piccadilly, and those Gentlemen desired to know of the Commissioners, why they discontinued to water Piccadilly, as was formerly done; that they had a great deal of Converlation with the Commissioners relative to that Matter; and the Commissioners then alleged, that £.800, Part of £.1,000 a Year, paid by the Trustees for the Care of the Roads, to the Commissioners, as aforesaid, had been mortgaged; and that they apprehended the remaining £. 200 a Year, together with the Rates levied upon the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid, was not sufficient for watering the Street, and executing the several other Purposes of the Act; but upon considering the Matter, the Commissioners agreed, that there was a small Balance remaining in the Hands of their Treasurer, and that they would direct the Street to be watered as far as the Money would go, which was accordingly done during the Remainder of that Summer; that the Witness attended the Board again last Spring, with several erf" the Inhabitants of Piccadilly, and the Commissioners then said, They were willing to apply the £. 200 a Year, before-mentioned, together with the Balance then remaining in the Treasurer’s Hands, in Aid of the Rates raised upon the Inhabitants for the Purposes of that Part of the Street.-

And Mr. Forfyth further informed your Committee, That the Inhabitants of Piccadilly arc desirous of taking the Management of that Part of Piccadilly between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Corner, and of that Part of Park Lane between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street into their own Hands, to be managed by Trustees to be appointed amongst themselves, provided the said £. 200 per Annum, together with the Balance in the Treasurer’s Hands, shall be applied in Aid of the Rates levied on the Inhabitants for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side-of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light, the fame; and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes: And that Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Storer, Lord George , and Lord

Frederick Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an C c Account

6° Februarii.

o8 6° Februarii. A. 1775*

Account Account of all the Corn, Flour, and Bread, imported The House was moved. That the several Orders, made Tauntoa ordered. from North America, into that Part of Great Britain upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into ^le^ion*

called England, from January 1767, as far as the lame. Consideration, upon the 14th Day of this lnstant

can be made up; distinguithing each Kind of Grain, , the Petition of Alexander Popham and John

and the Quantity imported in each Year. Halliday, Esquires; and also the Petition of Francis

Folaquier, Esquire, Charles , Josiah , George

Brii'ol The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Williams, George Thomas Grove, Thomas

Election. Weduefdaylaft, for taking into Consideration, To- John Clitfome, Apothecary, and others, Inhabitants of,

morrow, the Petition of Matthew Brickdale, Esquire; and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for, the and also the Petition of divers Persons, whole Names are Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, in thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Bur* Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants and gestes, of the City and County of the City of Bristol, Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining severally complaining of an undue Election and Return of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, for the said City, might be read. , might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; And the said Orders being read accordingly t

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

> Ordered’ That the said Petitions be taken into Con* Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Cricklade The House was moved, That the Order, made upon tlefiion. Wednesdaylift, for taking, into Consideration, upon

Friday next, the Petition of John , Esquire; and

also the Petition of Samuel Peach, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration qpon Tuesday the 14th Day of this lnstant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

New Radnor The-Hpufe was proved, That the Order, made upon Election. Wednesday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this lnstant February, the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnor, and its contributory Boroughs, on Behalf of themselves and other the Burgesses of the same Boroughs, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17 th Day of this lnstant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Nhtnorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Dorchester The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Elefhon. Wednesday last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this lnstant,

the Petition of Anthony Chapman, Esquire; and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Eledors of the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of , on Benalif of themselves and divers others of the Eledors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordaed, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 21st Day of this lnstant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

sideration upon Friday the 24th Day of this lnstant February, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum t Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made Pontefract upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Con- Election, sideration, upon Friday the 17th Day of this lnstant February, the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and James Hare, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of PontefraEl, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants Householders, and Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Pay of this lnstant February, at Ten Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Abingdon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Confi- Election. deration, upon Tuesday the 21st Day of this lnstant February, the Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of this lnstant February, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to ordered, and from the West Indies, from Christmas 1739 to

mas 1762; distinguishing each Year, and the Value of British Goods, Wares, ana Merchandize, from Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to and from Africa, from Christmas 1739 to *773» distinguishing each Year, and the Value of

British

d*

15 G.EO. III.

6° Februarii.

99

British Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Foreign the just Rights of His Majesty and the Two Houses of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize. ~

Ditto.

Mend ip, kc. Inclosure.

Jucftion

was put.

American

Coloniei.

Parliament.

And several Members returned upon new' Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and taken and lubscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to g and inclosing a large Open and the Laws made for those Purposes; ton, or d raft of Ground, Parcel A Motion was made, and the Qi

That the said llelblution be re-committed The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Me. fc, he Yea

Me.for.hcNoes }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Rel'olution being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exports from North America to the West India Islands, from Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1774; distinguishing each Year.

A Bill for dividing Uncultivated Common of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of Daubing and Stoke Saint Mich, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Coxe, Mr. Medley, Stc.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

10;

288.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported frnm the Committee of the whole House, to whom it wrs referred to consider further of the several Papers

which were prefen ted to the House, by the Lord North, by leaving out from the first " and" to the End of the upon the 19th and 31st Days of January laflt, and the Question, and inserting the Words, " To allure His

ift Day of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our most humble Thanks, for having beengraciously pleased to communicate to this House, the several Papers relating to the present State of the British Colonies in America, which, by His Majesty’s Command?, have been laid before this House, and from which, after taking them into our most serious Coiifi-deration, we find, that a Part of His Majesty’s Subjects

Majesty, that, in order to fix the true Dignity of " His Crown, and the Authority of Parliament, on a " sure Foundation, we shall endeavour to recover the " Hearts of His Subjects in America, too many of " whom are unhappily alienated from their usual Affection to their Mother Country, by attempting to remove all those Causes of Jealously and Apprehension " which have arisen from an unfortunate Management " of His Majesty’s Affairs, and from Acts of the last Parliament, made without sufficient Information of " the true State of America," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put

in the Province of the Massachuset's Bay have proceeded thereupon, agreed to by the House. so far to refill: the Authority of the Supreme Legilla- , That a Committee be appointed to draw up

ture, that a Rebellion at this Time actuallyexists within an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the the said Province; and we fee with the utmost Concern, said Resolution.

that they have been countenanced and encouraged by And a Committee was appointed -of Lord Mr.

unlawful Combinations and Engagements, entered into Grevile, &c.: And they are to withdraw immediately by His Majesty’s Subjects, in several of the other Colo- into the Speaker’s Chamber, mes, to the Injury and Oppression of many of their innocent Fellow Subject6 resident within the Kingdom of The Lord North reported from the Committee, who Great Britain and the rest of His Majesty’s Dominions; ’ were appointed to draw up ah Address, to be presented this Conduct on their Part appears to us the more inex- to His Majesty, upon the Resolution this Day reported cufable, when we consider with how much Temper His from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Majesty and the Two Houses of Parliament have acted was referred to consider further of the several Papers in Support of the Laws and Constitution of Great Bri- which were presented to the House, by the Lord , tain; to declare that we can never so for desert the upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the Trull reposed in us, as to relinquish any Part of the 2d Day of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Com-Sovcreign Authority over all His Majesty’s' Dominions, mand, That the Committee had drawn up an Address which by Law is veiled in His Majesty and tlw Two accordingly, which they had directed him to report to Houses of Parliament; and that the Conduct of many the House; and he read the same in his Place; and Persons, in several of the Colonies, during the late Dif- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

turbance$»is alone sufficient to convince us how necessary this Power is, for the Protection of the Lives and Fortunes of all His Majesty’s Subjects; that we -ever have been, ar,d always shall be, ready to pay Attention and Regard to any real Grievances of any of His Majesty’s Subjects, which shall, in a dutiful and conRitutronal

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, return Your Majesty our moll

Manner, be laid before us; and whenever any' of tire humble Thanks, for having been graciously pleased to Colonies shall make a proper Application to us, we communicate to us the several Papers relating to the shall be ready to afford them every just and reasonable present State of the British Colonies in , which.

Indulgence; but that, at the same Time, we consider k asi our indispensable Duty, humbly so beseech His Majesty, that His Majesty will take the:mofl effectual Measures to enforce due Obedience to the Laws and Authority of the Supreme Legislature; and that we beg Leave, in the most iblemn Manner, to allure His Majesty, that it is our fixed Resolution, at the Hazard of our Live? and Properties, to stand by His Majesty,

by

us

Your Majesty’s Commands, have been laid before We have taken them into our most serious Consideration; and we find, that a Part of Your Majesty’s Subjects in the Province of the Massachuset’s Bay have proceeded so far to refill the Authority of the Supreme Legislature, that a Rebellion at this Time actuallyexists within the said Province; and we fee, with the utmost Concern, that they have been countenanced and en-

against al( rebellious Attempts, in the Maintenance of couraged by uqlawful Combinations and Engagements, Vql. 3^. entered

American

Colonies.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

IOO

6° — 70 Februariu

1775

entered into by Your Majesty’s Subjects in several of the other Colonies, to the Injury and Oppression of many of their innocent Fellow Subjects resident within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and the rest of Your Majesty’s Dominions: This Conduit, on their Part, appears to us the tnore inexcuiable, when we consider with how much Temper Your Majesty and the Two Houses of Parliament have ailed, in Support of the Laws and Constitution of Great Britain. We can never so far desert the Trust reposed in us, as to relinquish any Part of the Sovereign Authority over all Your Majesty’s Dominions, which, by Law, is veiled in Your Majesty, and the Two Houses of Parliament; and the Conduit of many Persons in several of the Colonies, during the late Disturbances, is alone sufficient to convince us hoj|t necessary this Power is, for the Proteilion of the Livflp and Fortunes of all Your Majesty’s Subjects.

We ever have been, and always shall be, ready to pay Attention and Regard to any real Grievances of any of Your Majesty’s Subjects, which shall, in a dutiful and constitutional Manner.be laid before us; and whenever any of the Colonies shall make a proper Application to us, we shall be ready to afford them every just and reasonable Indulgence: At the same Time, we consider it as our indiipenlable Duty, humbly to beseech Your Majesty, that You will take the moll effectual Measures to enforce due Obedience to the Laws and Authority of the Supreme Legislature; and we beg Leave, in the most solemn Manner, to allure Your Majesty, that it is our fixed Resolution, at the Hazard of our Lives and Properties, to Hand by Your Majesty against all rebellious Attempts, in the Maintenance of the just Rights of Your Majesty, and the Two Houses of Parliament.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be communicated to the Lords, at a Conference; and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon a Matter of high Importance and Concern, respecting the State of His Majesty’s Colonies in North America.

Ordered, That Lord George Germain do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the ill Day of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command;

And the House having continued to fit till Three of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee; of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Mart is, 7* die;

Anno 150 Georgii III. U Regis 17754

Pray e rs.

A B I L L for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Rigton certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Inclosure. Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Frankland, Lord George Cavendish &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable fames hereto- Styth’s

fore called James Styth, and his issue, to take and use Name, the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgh, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable James Greenalgh, heretofore called James Styth, and his issue, to take and use the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William,

deceased.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Charles Bigot, was presented to the Bigot’* House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given N"* to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Strahan and Sir Thomas Frankland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

s

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is Nonnaatoo/ concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within Inc*°‘ttre* the District of Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of;

which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the District of Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Germain reported, That he had, according America* to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; onte*’ and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were Yesterday appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, do manage the said Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported. That Ihe Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and had acquainted their Lordships, that the Commons had agreed

upon

ic Geo. III. 7° — 8° Febr ioi

upon an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, to which they desire the Concurrence of their Lordships; and that they had left the said Address with the Lords. 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as the House shall approve of.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ludlow and the Lord Hinchingbrook do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mercurii, 8 ° \

Anno 15° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1775. Prayers.

American \ Message from the Lords by Mr. Browning and Colonic*. Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this , House, in the Painted Chamber, this Day at Three of the Clock, upon the Subject Matter of the Conference of Yesterday. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Bigot’s Mr. Strahan presented to the House, according to *»«. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Bigot: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sotton com A Petition of his Grace the Archbishop of York, Lord of the Manor of Sutton cum Lound, in the County of Nottingham, and of his Grace the Duke of Portland, Lord of the Manor of the Redtory of Sutton cum Lound aforesaid, and also Impropriator of the said Redtory, and of the Reverend IV Richardson, Vicar of the Parish of Sutton aforesaid, and of Benjamin Fearnley, George Mason, and John Dakeyne, Esquires, and of the several other Persons whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Townships of Sutton and Lound, in the said Parish, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing, in the whole, by Estimation, 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, cannot be properly improved; and that it would be of much greater Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, as well as to the Public, if the same were inclosed; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem requisite.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bent inch and the Earl of Lincoln, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

£paldwick, a Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub-

Inclosure bribed, being the principal Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Commonable Grounds, and Commons, in the Open and Common Fields and Meadows of with Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed, and dispersed in fniall Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And VOL. 35.'

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and other the Devize* Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County Street*, of IVihs, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Borough has a very considerable Market,.and is a great Thoroughfare; and that the principal Streets therein, by Means of the great Number of Carriages passing through the fame, cannot be kept in proper Repair by the present Method prescribed by Law; and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons referring to or travelling through the fame, if Power was given to raise Money, by a Toll to be collected on Sundays within or near the said Town, and by Rates within the said Borough, and by such other Means as may be thought proper, and be lead inconvenient to the Public and the inhabitants, sufficient to amend, regulate, and keep in Repair, the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Borough, and to light and watch the fame, and likewise to remove and prevent all Nuisances and Obstructions therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Garth, Sir Edward Bayn-

lun, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Crawfurd, Fewar and Baillie of Newark the Town of Port Glasgow, and of Alexander Mollijon,

Humphry Colquhoun, Robert Douglas, James King, Senior, #pat-an|^w William Dunlop, James Aiken, James Ramsey, William &c. Hawaii, John Barr, James King, Junior, and John Dunlop, Fewars and Proprietors of Lands in the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, in the County of Renfrew, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for themselves, and as Trustees elected and chosen by the other Fewars and Proprietors of the said Towns, and in their Name, and for their Behoof, wras presented, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That they and the other Proprietors of the said Towns, with Consent of the Magistrates and Council of the City of Glasgow,

Superiors of the Whole, and Proprietors of Part, of the said Town of Port Glasgow, and of Robert Hamilton, of IViJliaw, Esquire, Superior of the Whole, and Proprietor of Part, of the said Town of Newark, have agreed to apply to Parliament, for their Authority for erecting the Fewars and Inhabitants of the said Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, bounded by the River Clyde on the North, Cluneburne on the East, the Lands of Dubs, Braehead, Whitecroft, and Douglihills, on the South, and The DevoFs Glen Burn on the West Parts, into a Corporation, and for regulating the Police of the said Two Towns; for imposing a Duty of Two Pennies Scots on each Pint of Ale and Beer brewed or fold in the said Town of Newark and the Liberties thereof; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting Public Mercates therein; for repairing and keeping in Repair the Bread and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow;for raising a Fund for the above Purposes, and for paying the Stipends of the Minister and Salary of the Schoolmaster of Port Glasgow, and other public Purposes, which will promote the Trade of the D Country*

Yarmouth

Bridge

to

Gorlcfton

Road.

Ditto.

Accounts

ordered:

Excise.

Cullonu.

Morpeth

Election.

102 8° Februarii. 1775.

Country in general, as well as tend greatly to the Advantage of the Fewars and Inhabitants of Port and Newark in particular: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above-mentioned Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Frederick

Campbell, See.:And they are to meet Tor-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of , was present-

ed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the great Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise to Gorleston, in the Half Hundred of in the County of Suffolk, is in a very ruinous Condition, and unsafe for Passengers, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair by the Laws in being: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Mr,

Walpole, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners and Occupiers of Land, and other Inhabitants, of the Half Hundred of Lothingland, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the West End of Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the said Half Hundred (being a Road of considerable Traffick) is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places dangerous for Carriages and' Passengers, and cannot be properly amended and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair, in such Man-- ner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Excise in for Three Years,

ending 5th July 1773; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Customs in England, for Three Years, ending Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, Peter Dehne, Esquire, the honourable William Byrons Charles Bigge, Esquire, and the petitioner, were Candidates, and Andrew Fenwick and Robert Cooper were Bailiffs and returning Officers; and that the Election came on upon the 13th Day of October last, when a great Majority of Persons, having a legal Right to vote for Members of Parliament for the said Borough, duly gave their Votes in favour of the Petitioner, and the Petitioner and the said Peter Delme were returned duly elected; and re-

citing a Petition of the honourable William Byron, presented to the House upon the 6th Day of December last, and also at Petition of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, presented to the House upon the 19th Day of December last: And taking Notice, That the Sclect Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the said Return, have determined, That the Petitioner is not duly returned; and that the said William Byron ought to have been returned: And that the Merits of the Election were not, nor could be, entered into before the said Committee, the Reference being confined to the Return only; whether it was under Fear, or according to the Declaration and Opinion of the Bailiffs, but the Merits ftiil remain to be decided; and that the said Andrew Fenwick solicited Votes for the said Peter Delme and William Byron-, and the said Andrew Fenwick and Robert Cooper did, by their Conduct, manifested by frequent Declarations and otherwise, shew great Partiality to, and a determined Resolution to return, the said Peter Delme and William Byron as duly elected in all Events; and that the said Andrew Fenwick and Robert Cooper refused to allow several Votes which were offered and given in favour of the Petitioner, which were good and legal Votes, and ought to have been admitted; and they admitted several Votes in favour of the said William Byron, which were not good Votes, and ought to have been rejected; and that the said Andrew Femvick acted as Agent for the said Peter Delme and William Byron, and did actunlly bribe and corrupt several Persons to vote for the said Peter Delme and William Byron, and endeavoured to prevail upon several others, by Bribery and Corruption, to give their Votes in favour of the said Peter Delme and William Byrort, and allured several others, that in case they voted for the said Peter Delme and William Byron, their Votes should be good and allowed, but if they voted for the Petitioner, they should be bad and not allowed; and that the said William Byron, and also Germain Lavie, who acted at and previous to the Election as Agent for the said Peter Delme and William Byron, and other their Agents, did bribe, and did endeavour to bribe, others to vote for the said Peter Delme and William , and were guilty of divers other indirect and corrupt Practices relating to the said Election; and that, by such and other partial, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, a Majority of Votes was pretended, and declared by the said Bailiffs, in favour of the said William , contrary to Truth and Justice, and to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes: And therefore praying (as the Merits of the said Election have not been heard by any Committee) the House to take the same into Consideration; and that the Petitioner may be declared duly elected, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wedsufday the 12th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petitions of Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, and of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; are ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or

Returns

American

Colonies.

15 Geo. III. 8° Februarii. 103

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Time being come for the Conference with the Lords;

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the lad: Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over $ and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported. That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; who acquainted them, that the Lords had taken into Consideration the Address Yesterday communicated to their Lordships at a Conference; and had agreed to the said Address, and filled up the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and.’*

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

SurpluSes, dated the 5th Day of April 1774: And also,

Surplusses, Sated the 10th Day of October 1774.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 35.

ABSTRACT

Accounts

presented*

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluflis, stated the 5th Day of April 1774.

D

n‘ CD CL cr

o

o

rT

11»e Exchequer to the Sinking Fund - - ....

To Sarplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1774; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 -

D° of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Du of the General Fund, brought from Account* Folio 3 -

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and under-valued, brought to this Account pursuant to Act 11° Georgii imI ——

To Money paid into the Exchequer for Conscience Sake ——

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1774, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

Dr.

£ * 673.138 3

*9>*74 9 363,859 18

d.

1,12 6,872 11

16 9 11 400 — —

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Adl 40 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2di Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D* -The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate granted by an Act 6° Georgii i®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending. Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 3 a0 Georgii act -Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3lii, and the Arrears of the Duties on Ditto repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

The Duty of 3 /. 4 d.per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2* ——

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England', brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2di ‘Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act \° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2di - -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29* Georgii 2di -

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di ——

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii act -To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 3 2° Georgii 2dl To the additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like "

16,53$

J.

S>*7+-----

19,651 6 — f

24,468 — 10 42,770------

150,661 14 48

2,708-----

5 Sr

109,123 IO 2$ 120,304 IO if

3>oi6 — —

28,86s *9 I0i

11,112 18 9I

3o,99S-----

6,238 — — .

6,628-----

31,537-----

S>°73 9 3*

Per Contra Civ

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay £ *

Half a Year’s Interest, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1774, on the principal Sum of £.38,557,758 *5/. 2id. to which the Sum of £39,281,521 $/. 1 jd. charged on this Fund (being Part of£-39,781,521 5/. 1 \J. made one Joint Stock of Annuities by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the fame£. 723,762 9 /. iof d\ for a proportional Part of £. 732,975 subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act 12 Georgii stU - - - 578,366 7 Yz

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half

Year ----.....10,764 17 sf

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1774* being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 18,865,023 16/. 4 d. to which £. 19» 183,323 16/. 4 d. charged on this Fond by the Acts 25* Georgii 2*, and 50 Georgii 3d1, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 318,30a subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act 120 Georgii 3tl1 ----- 282,975 T if

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 5*305 15 9

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of January 1774, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on £. 2,021,850, to which £. 2,100,000 borrowed on Credit of this Fund, by an Act 24* Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 78,150, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act 12° Georgii 3til ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year By Calli taken to answer Annuities on lingle Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 261, and charged on this Fund, by an Act 32* Georgii 2 for the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of January 1774 -

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives with the Benefit of Survivortbip, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund, by an Act 50 Georgii 3"*, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of A$ril 1774 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5 th Day of April 1774, on £. 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000 (madeone Joint Stock of £. 4. per Centum Annuities, by an Act 20 Georgii j1 H) is reduced by the Sum of £, 1,253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3d* ---- 37(7,726 — — .

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 5*339 17 u|

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the cth Day of January 1764, by an Act 4° Georgii 3lii, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1774 - - 124,125 —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 1,745 lo 1i

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of '

£ 990,787 9* io{d. remaining unredeemed of £. 5/500,000,borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of January 1774 -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1774, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the firlI Supplies to be granted to Parliament -

By Calli taken in full of £. 2,349,806 12/. y\d. granted by an Act 130 Georgii 3, further towards the Supply of the Year 1773 -

By D°, being the Surplus of this Fund remaining for the Disposition of Parliament,

O

30,5*715 — . 568 12 io£

'+539 5 —

270----

OO

0

3:

1,403 13 2 ft

22,648 if ^J

185,200 ] n 81 Vj

Ui tr

To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like ' - ,'820 ,z I0*

To D° of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - - 20,257 — —

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Georg* z,

C* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii ad* . 8 9s

r To the Additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like 1,462 — —

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 320 Georgii zdlt and 50 Geor-

4 I>745 -

To the Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 24° Georgii 2^,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii ~ 15,289 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dI, and 6°

Georgii 3*1*, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii 3tU - *L979 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3tll> an<

brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - - - 21,786----

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3^ - - - - 59,271 -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tU,

brought ro this Account pursuant to qn Act 40 Georgii . 208,578 — —

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India

Goods, tifr. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3ni 18,890 7 2%

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like - 793 —

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted,

and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3,u - - - - 3*95° 10 10

15 To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, granted and made a

Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3"1.....4,276 U 9|

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted,

and made aPart of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3tU - - - - J2,i8i 17 8

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3*'*,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii 3d1 - 30,375 7 I0*

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3 u, brought to this ft Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3lfi - - - - -, 1,320 — —

o - -

to

CA

N

n

H

on the 5 th of January i 774, granted by an Act 14* Georgii 3tU, towards the Supply »_+

of the Year 1774 - 13’!9° 11 7i

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of Jpri I1774* for Disposition of Parliament -

h756>497 6 3 6i9»3°3 7 3*

37^800 13 6jr C

This being the 103d Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii iml (Page 367) is humbly presented this 8th Day of February 1775, by me

Grey-Cooper*

1,248,511 12 3J

3’37?»8oo 13 6j

OO

o

o

ABSTRACT of the said

g

eg'

r r

n'

CD

CL

cr

n

o

c§

rT

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

rr° Ca!h remaining the re on the jth Day of April, 774, for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half-year ended the 10th Day of October 1774; *vix.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - -

D* — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 - -

D° — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

' £- *

i 849,176 3 i 106,945 2

- 445>669 1

SurpIufTes, Bated the 10th of 1774*

- Dr /(Pir Contra,

,£‘

- 619,303

d.

Cr.

Sf

— i

"To Money arisea by Sale of unrated Goods, imported, and undervalued, brought to this I'40,»79°

Account, pursuant to an Act n° Georgii imi - - 9 l7 11

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 177 As pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1731. brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

25° Georgii 2" - -....

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 160 Georgii 2di brought to this Account pursuant to

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° ——

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to fiiis Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandises imported, granted by an Act 2.10 Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

To Duty of 6./. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6°

Georgii imi for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - . - — — — ~

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in, or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32°

Georgii 2di ... 4*237 6 $

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6® Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ----- 109,581 10 6|

The Duty of 3/. 4*. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to

an Act 26° Georgii zdi - - ----- 108,845 7

The Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27? Georgii 2dI 7*405 — —

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28°

Georgii 2Ji.....- 42,853 16 I of

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28°

Georgii 2dl - - -..... ' 28,92214 8

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29° Georgii 2* r 23*007 3 11

£ J. d.

18,286 18 2

»3»854 4 4

26,917 6

25,880 1 5

+6,778 2 6}

77,003 8 6

d.

3IJ By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay £. j Ha’fa Year’s Intereil, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5 th Day of July 1774. on the principal Sum of £'38,557*758 15/. 2}d. to which the Sum of £39*281,521 5/. 1 %.d. charged on this Fund (being Part of£.39,781,521 5/. 1 \d. made One Joint Stock of Annuities, by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the same £. 723,762 9/. lQ^d. for a proportional Part of £-732>975> subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act 12° Georgii 3^ - 578,366 7

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same i ime - 10,764 17

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Three Months Interest, at £.3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July || 1774, on the principal Sum of £.264.950 (subscribed pursuant to, and upon, the

Terms granredin an Act of lad b’e/fion of Parliament) Part of£.18,863,023 16s. 4d.

I being the Remainder of £-19,183,323 16s. 4d. which was made One Joint I Stock of Annuities, and charged on this Fund by Acts 250 Georgii 2dl, and 5®

I Georgii 3'* - -- - 1,987 2 t

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - 37 5 2

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Intered, due the 10th Day of October 1774, being after the Rate

11 of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of£. 18,600,073 16/. 4*/.

I to which the above Sum of £.19,183,323 16s. 4V. is reduced, by abating from the same £.383,250, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12° and 140 Georgii 3til - -- 279,001 2 1}

jBy Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - 5,231 5 5

1 By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Intereil due the 5th Day of July I 1774* being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on £2,021,830, to which £.2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 24° Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating from the same £-78,130, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of an Act 12° Georgii 3rii - -- -- - 30,327 13 —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time - 368 12 10%

By Cash t. ken to answer Annuities on /ingle Lives payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii zi]*, for the Half-year ended the 3th Day of July 1774. - 14,398 12 6

By Ca/h taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 30 Georgii 3:ii, for the Half-year ended the 10th Day of Odder 1774. ’ 27° —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 10th Day of October 1774, on £.18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £.20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £.4 per Centum Annuities, by an Act 2° Georgii 3"1) is reduced, by the Sum of£.1,233,700 having been subscribed for £.3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the fame, pursuant to an Act 10° Georgii 3tJ1 ----- 279,726 — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half-year 5*339 l7 1Ii

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities grantedprr Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3111, for 99 and 98 Years; which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 3th Day of January 1764, by

an Act 40 Georgii 3ni, for the Hal f-year ended the 3 th Day of July 1774 - - 124,123---,

jBy Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half-year - 7,745 10 1i i

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect

of £.4,990.787 9s. io\d. remaining unredeemed of£.3,ooc\oco, borrowed by ic of an Act 310 Georgii jdi, for the Service of the Year 1738 (which

O

OS

00

o

>1

virtue of an Act 310 Georgii jul, for the Service of the Year 1738 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half-year ended the 3th Day of July 1774 -

|jBy Charles Trwnjhend, Esquire, to reimbarfc Fees paid on receiving at the Exchequer Monies that were due from the East India Company, on Account of the Deficiency

1,4 03 13 2

Cn

r

o

r

t>o

0-4

19 20

4>36S — —

4r,i5i 13 — . 5*676 2 3

10,683 — . nf 18,328 6 2 .

*47/337 — 9 922 — —

- 34,044----_

T£he*ddlix>wd Dutyoo Cards and Dice, brought to this Aeeouat pur-^aant ttfcpnef £9° Georgii act V -

*pie feverri Duties, payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Ac-ccunt pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di - ‘ „; .

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Printed Papers, granted by Act $o° Georgii 2dI, brought to tiys Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgiiz^ .

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like -

The Surplus of the New Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like - ~ -D° of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an A6V320 Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii zdl The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - -

The additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32° Georgii 2dl, and 50

Georgii 3^ . - - - ... . ' - 1,891----

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Add 240 Georgii 2*, brought to this Account pursuant to Act 20 Georgii 3lU -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 33* Georgii 2di, and 6‘

Georgii $ui, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii 3th The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3th, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act z° Georgii 3lii The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act l*

Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to an Aft4° Gcofgii 3-1 The additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and bjf several East India Goods, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5®

Georgii 3tU - - - - ’ - -

The additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like - .

The additional Duties upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6* Georgii 3til -The additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3"* -; -

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3tU The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU-brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 83 Georgii 3lii The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU

188,7)9 — — 34,796 -

263*155-----

253,276 — — i

15,885

1,129

17 4 II —

1,200 — -

5,007 17 2

5,117 IO

- 37*769 6 7

3,139-----

1,712,814" 6

To Calli brought from the Supp’y for the Service of the Year 1774» pursuant to an Act 14° Georgii 3tU, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1773, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the-2d - " ~ '

3,114,614 11

43>645

0

1

*4 *7

of the Duties on Tea, and paying back the fame, there to be applied pursuant

to the Acts 7° and 13® Georgii 3*1 ....

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1774, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first'Supplies to be

granted in Parliament ....

By the LHher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Exchequer Bill Office -By Caffi taken towards the Supply of the Year 1774, pursuant to aR Act *4° Georgii 3, Si (being the Surplus of this Fund which remained for the Disposition of Parliament' on the5th Day of April 1774) -

By CaHi taken in Part of £.2.080,696 12s. 8\d. granted by the said Act, further towards the Supply of the said Year 4774.

*4 17 cn

a

22.798 7 -f tu

3^3 6 Q

*<9*3°3 7 3i £

r *702,111 4 if h

3 >777*63 11

This being the 104th Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to an Act g* Georgiy Vmi (Page 367'; is humbly prefen ted this 8 th Day of February

17.75. fayme „ r

Grey Cooper.

OO

> 91 ' '

8

3,158,260 3 io| 3»777»S3 11 -

3.

'lUMjqdjJ

io8 8°- — 9 ° Febr . 1775.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, tobe perused by the Members of the House.

American A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Colonies. Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty having appointed Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint to be at-

tended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, the Lords do intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto> A Petition of the manufacturing Hollers of the Town and County of the Town of , was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners with great Humility approach the natural Guardians of all that is valuable to them, and beg leave to represent the impending Ruin of the Trade and Commerce of the said flourishing Town and Neighbourhood; that the Produce of the Manufactories under their Direction has hitherto, in a very great Proportion, been exported to the American Colonies; and on the Demand from thence depends the Employment of many Thousands of their ingenious and industrious Artificers; the entire CelTation of this important Trade has not only (hut up in their Ware-houses a great Part of their Property in different Sorts of Goods provided for the American Market alone, but obliges them daily to dismiss from Employment their dependent Workmen, who have no Resource but in the Exercise of that Trade; every Day will add to the Number, from the utter Inability of the Petitioners to proceed in the Accumulation of an useless Stock; and a short Time mull consign great Part of the moll useful but moll heceflitous Members of their Community to absolute Idieness, and all its dreadful Train of Evils; dillreffed in themselves, they have no Hopes of administering that Relief to their Wants, which, in every ordinary Exigence, Humanity has prompted them to; and, if not prevented by the timely Interposition of Parliament, they fee no Possibility of repelling that Poverty, Distress, and Ruin, in which the said Town and Neighbourhood must be soon involved, whatever be the Fate of the Kingdom at large; abhorring the Thought of {Emulating the Dissentions of this Nation, and urged only by sober important Truth, interesting in its extensive Operation to every Individual, they humbly recur to the Wisdom of Parliament, in this their alarming Situation; trailing that the faithful Depositaries of the People’s Welfare will find fotne temperate and honourable Means of conciliating the Differences of the British Empire, which will revive the Hopes of the Manufacturer, and enable him to call back into the Arms of Industry the poor dillrefled Artificer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ^Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 3 tft Days of January last, and the ill Day 2

of this Inllant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Februarii;

t

Anno 130 Georgii TIItU Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

MR. Ongley reported from the Committee, to whom Lidlingto the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and locionve Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tobe true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, of the annual Value of £.26; and that the whole of the Lands within the said Parish are of the annual Value of £. 1,694, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Lewis Jouenne, was presented to the Joaenne’i House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to Nt. bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. 'Darker and Mr. Ewer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Hiha’1 the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Adk for naturalizing George Ernjl de Hahn, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Apd the said Bill was re;ad the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, MMi, who were appointed to prepare an Estimateof the Charge Pay and of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year Cloathiaj. 1775; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where,

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

J

15 Geo. III.

9d — 10° FebruariL

ESTIMATE of the Charge, of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia* for the Year 1775.

Pay to 30,840 private Men, at is. each, 28 Days -

D° to 70 Adjutants, at 6 s. a Day each . - '

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s. a Day each - -

D° to t,200 Drummers, at 6 d. a Day each -

For additional Pay to 36,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at 2 s. 6 d. a Week each -

D° ----; to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Day each -

D®------ to 1,542 Corporals, at 6 d. a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each - -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at D° — to to each Regiment, Battalion, and independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at £'. 1. 10 s. each -

D° — for 1,542 Serjeants, at £. 3. ior. each -

D® — for 1,200 Drummers, at £. 2. each ——

For additional Pay for Cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at £. 1. each -Subfillence to 498 Captains, at 7 s. 6 d. each per Day, for 28 Days -Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3 s. 6 d.

each, for 28 Days -

D° — to 435 Ensigns, at 35. each, for 28 Days -

jr. s. d.

43.06 — 7.665 — — 28,141 10 — 10,950-----

6,168 —

455 —

638 15 1,079 8

3>5°° — 4,000 —

10,023 — — 46,260----

5,397-----

2,400---- —

108-----

5,229-----

2,748 18 — 1,827-----

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

Army: Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

Desertion, Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1 c° die Februarii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIItW Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Bristol rpHE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideratiort Election. the Petition of Matthew Brickdale, Rfquire, and

also the Petition of divers Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Burgestes of the City and County of the City of Bristol, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Henry Cruger and Edmund Burke, Esquires, for the City and County of the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said ElecUonand Return, according to the Directions of Twofeveral Acts of Parliament, passed in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament: 1

Vol. 35.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 118 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Henry Cruger, Esquire, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Edmund Burke9 Esquire, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar; and the said Counsel for the said Sitting Members having severally informed the House, that the said Sitting Members were complained of by the said Petitions now taken into Consideration, upon the Ground of Bribery, at the said Election, which Charge in its Nature would affect them separately, that the Matter fluted in the said Petitions, respecting the Admissibility of a Candidate after the Poll was begun, was applicable only to One of the said Sitting Members; and that, upon the Whole* the Interests of the said Sitting Members being distinct and separate from each other, they therefore desired to separate in their Defence; and no Objection being made thereto by the Counsel foT the Petitioners, and the said Petition having been read, the same was agreed to by the House. '

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was F f placed

IIO

i o° Februa

paced upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected b ' Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, upon the 9th Day of February " 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns " of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were " by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into the said Box on the 9th Day of February 177$" was read.

And the said Names, written.on distinct_Piece_s of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table lor that Purpose, and were there Ihaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glaifes, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of 43 Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Rose , Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards j and having at the Table verified the Cause of such Requisition, upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty other Members, then present, were drawn and let aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eleven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Nineteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees, appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections and Returns.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, and Three Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened;

And one of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, One other to the Counsel for the said Henry Cruger, Esquire, and the other to the Counsel for the said Edmund Burke., Esquire; and thereupon the Petitioner Matthew Brick, Esquire, with the said several Counsel and Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

American Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses did Yes-Colonies, terday attend His Majesty with their Address; to which His Majesty was jjleased to give this most gracious Anl'wer:

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very dutiful and loyal Address, and for the affectionate and solemn Assurances you give Me of your Support, in maintaining the just Rights of My Crown, and of the Two Houses of Parliament; and you may depend on My taking the most speedy and effectual Measures for enforcing due Obedience to the Laws, and the Authority of the Supreme Legislature.

Whenever any of My Colonies shall make a proper and dutiful Application, J shall be ready to concur with you in affording them every just and reasonable Indulgence; and it is My ardent Wilh, that this Disposition on our Part may have a happy Effect on the Temper and Conduct of My Subjects in America.

A.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, Milborne. who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Edward Walter and isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquires; and also the Petition of the honoura-able ’Temple Luttrell and Charles , Esquire: and

also the Petition of the several Persons. whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Milborne Port, paying Scotland Lot, as well for themselves as for the other Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot, severall)Tcomj>!aihing of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Edward Walter, Esquire, is not duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That isaac Hawkins Broiune, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the honourable Temple Luttrell is duly returned as a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, by the Return executed by Elias Oliver:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Charles IVofeley, Esquire, is duly returned as a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, by the Return executed by the said Elias Oliver:

And also. That the fit id Committee have determined.

That the honourable 'Temple Lut is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Milborne Port.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the several Returns for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order;

And it appearing that there were Three Returns annexed to the Writ;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the Indenture of Return, by which Edward Walter, Esquire, and isaac Haivkins Browne,

Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and also the Indenture of Return, executed by John Newton and John Peckham, by which the honourable Temple Luttrell and Charles Wolfeley, Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown took the said Returns off the File accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wilton Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Nicholas,

deceased.

The Lord North acquainted the House, that he had Message from a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by the King.

His Majesty; and he preferred the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered, and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His, Majesty, being determined, in Consequence of the Address of both Houses of Parliament, to take

the

ic Geo. III. io°rebru til

the moll speedy and effectual Measures for supporting the just Rights of His Crown and the Two Houses of Parliariient, thinks proper to acquaint this House, that tome Addition to His Forces by Sea and Land will be necessary for that Purpose; and doubts not but His faithful Commons* on whole Zeal and Affection He entirely relies, will enable Him to make such Augmentation to His Forces as the present Occasion shall be thought to require.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s Paid most gracious Meffa*e be referred to the Cunsideration of the Committee of :he whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Handier A Petition of Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, Lord of Inclosure. ^|ie ]Manor of a divided Moiety of the Hundred of May!or, otherwil’e May lor in the County of

Flint, and of Richard Parry Price, Phillips Lloyd Fletcher, John Pulejlow, and

Dymock, Esquire-, and of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders within the Manor aforesaid, and in the several Town-ships of Hanmer, Had-lit on, , Ty brought on,

Bronington, and Bettisfield, in ti:e Parlh of Hanmer,

and County or Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there arc, within the said Manor, Parish, and Townships, several large Tracts of Waste Land, called The Fens Heath, The Heath,

Brouington Green, Tie Little Green, Poelh Green,

HorjemofsGreen, TallerneGreen, The Braden heath, BermofsGreen, Green, and

M<fs, Part of ’which Waste Lands lie under ft.ignated Water, but are capable of being drained, and converted into Arable and Pasture Lands; and that the Inclosure and Cultivation of the said Waste Lands will be a Benefit to ttie Public, as well as a private Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, called The Fens Heath, The Stimmy Heath, Broil in -on Green, The Little Green, Ross Poeth Green, Horjemofs Green, Tallerne Green, The Arozvrv, Braden HeathBermofs , Beltisfield Green,

and Bettisf.e/d Moss, and the other Commonable Land within toe Paritii of Hanmer aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House thall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bm;g in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Clarke dp prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Derby A Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, was pre-Slecdon. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the lait Eledion of a Member to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, the Petitioner, and John Gisborne, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly cleded by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but ChrftcphcrHeath, the Mayor of the said Borough, who prclided as the Returning Officer, during the whole Couile of the IV!i, acted with the greatest Partiality in lavour of the said Gisborne, by

rejecting the Votes of many Persons, who had an undoubted Right to poli at the said Eicdion, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admit -ing on the Pol! for the said Gijlornedivers Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; whereby, and by mat:)' other undue and unwarrantable Pradkcs of the said Heath,

as well previous, as at, and in relation to, the said Eiedion, the said John Gisborne is returned as a Member to serve for the aid borough, in Pitjudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the hfouie to take the Premises into Cfor.lkh ration, and to grant him such Relict as to the House shall ieem meet.

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 14th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the iofh and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to fervo in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by them (elves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, the Petitioner before Bristol mentioned, with the said several Counsel and Agents, Election.-together with the Clerk appointed to attend the fa'td Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the said several Counsel for the said Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Nanrfes,' contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen, and that the Counsel for the said Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, had struck off One of the said Names in the First Place, the Counsel for the said Edmund Burke, Esquire, in the Second Place, and the Counsel for the said Henry Cruger, Esquire, in the Third Place; which Order of striking the said Names had been determined by Lot, in his Presence, after the said Petitioner and the said Counsel and Agents were withdrawn from the Bar; and the said Clerk delivered-in to the House One of the said Three Lifts to struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet, Thomas Knight, Esquire,

Walter Waring, Esquire, Charles Pettruddocke, Esquire,

General Simon Frafer, Sir Thomas Miller, Baronet, the Right honourable George Rice, Sir Harbord Baronet, Nathaniel PJhill, Esquire, John Buller of Morval, Esquire, Henry Herbert, Esquire, Richard Milies, Esquire, the honourable Charles Finch.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew; and being, after some Time, again returned to the House, the said Petitioner, with the said several Counsel and Agents, who had been before directed to withdraw, were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, informed the House, that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Two Members from amongst those who were present when the House was counted by Mr. Speaker as aforesaid, and whose Names had not been drawn, and who were also then present in the House, to be added to the said Thirteen Members already chosen by Lot to serve on the said Select Committee, and that the Names of such Two Members were Sir Edward AJlley, Baronet, and Ed-> ward Bacon, Esquire, who not requiring to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and not being objected to their Names were added to the said Lift; and thereupon the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, and also of the Petition of divers Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Burgesses of the City and County of the City of Bristol, complaining of an undue Elect ion and Return for the City and County of the said City, and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You,

t

1

.r

II2 iott — 130 F 1775*

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly he was directed by the Committee to move, that they " try the Matter of the Petition of Matthew may have Leave to lit again.

" Brickdale, Esquire, and also of the Petition , That this House will, upon this DaySeven-

" of divers Persons whole Names are thereunto night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Bur- House, to consider further of the several Papers which " gestes of the City and County of the City of were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon " Bristol, referred to you, and a true Judgment the 19th and 31st Days of "January last, and the 1 It Day " give according to the Evidence. of this Instant by His Majesty’s Command.

" So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner, Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, with the said several Counsel and Agents, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing die Trials of controverted Elections.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Colonies. whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the ill Day of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles fVhitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Tradeand Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset'sBay and New and Colonies of

ComeQicut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in tire West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited: And that the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Mr. Charles

Townshend, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Jenkinson, Sir Charles , and Mr. Cooper, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eleven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accor.lir.gh.-.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the Amount of the Duties and Excise drawn ordered, back on all Goods of the West Indies exported liom England, for the last Three Years; difJnguiih'ng the several Articles, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before th's House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties on all Goods imported from the West Indies to England, for the last Three Y’ears; distinguishinj the several Articled, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Excise on all Goods imported from the li ft Indies to England, for the Lft Three Y'ears; distinguishing the several Articles, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the 'Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade between Great Britain, and all the Colonies in North America and the West Indies, during the Tlq;ee last Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Colony; likewise the Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade with Africa,

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lung) 130 die Februarii;

Anno 15® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

/^HARLES BIGOT took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Select Com- Dowiito* mittee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Election. Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, complaining

of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough;

That the Committee met this Day at Half an Hour after One of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last, and the honourable Booth Grey, One of the Members of the said Committee, not attending, the Committee continued to fit for One Hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Twelve of the Clock.

And Sir John Hynde Cotton informed the House, that he had this Day received a Letter from the honourable Booth Grey, which he delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

And Edward Gybbon, Esquire, a Member, having acquainted the House that he was acquainted with the Hand Writing of the said Booth having often seen him write, and that he believed tiic laid Letter to be of his Hand Writing;

The

i *5 Geo. III. i 30 Februarii. 113

The said Letter was read; and . is as followeth $ Viz.

Sir;

Business of the utmost Consequence having laid me under the unavoidable Necessity of going out of Town before the Downton Committee is concluded, I must beg the Favour of you to communicate my Reason for absenting myself, which I trust will be admitted of.

And am, Sir,

Saturday, Your most obedient,

Feb. 11. Booth Grey.

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Baronet.

And Sir John Hynde Cotton having acquainted the House, That the said Select Committee had gone through all the Evidence, and had heard the Couniel on both Sides, but had not yet come to any Determination upon the Merits of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the (kid Booth Grey be discharged from any further Attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee-do proceed Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their Adjournment, in tire further Consideration of the Petition ot Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Freeholders, of the Borough of T)ownlOH) in the County of Wills, notwithstanding the Absence of the said Booth Grey.

A Motion being made, That the honourable Booth Grey do attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning;

And the House being informed, by a Member, That the said Mr. Grey was at this Time at a confidenlble Distance from London, and could not have timely Notice of the said Order;

'Ordered, That-the honourable Booth Grey do attend this House, in his Place, upon Friday Morning next.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Angidfh and Mr. Graves i

Mr. Speaker, _ _

Ltird Tax. The Lords have agreed T:o the BilL, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Taised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; without any Amendment: And also,

Maijne The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Forces. for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces

while on Shore; without any Amendment: And

also,

Fiimham The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled, An lndoiurc. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow's, Common Pastures; Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Plinth am, in the County of -Nottingham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Boyer (from pmente {}ie Q)mrnissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-fenfed to the House; pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, expot ted from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Colonies in North America, from Christmas 1768 to Christmas 1769; distinguilliing each Colony: And also.

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the British Colonies in North Ame~ tica, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid -‘Out of The Produce of the Customs in Scotland; for the

VOL. 35.

Three Years ending at 10th October 1773; distinguifii-ing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Value of the Scotch Exports and Imports to and from the V/ejl Indies, from Chrifmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Island, and each Year:

And also,

An Account of the Value of the Scotch Exports and Imports to and from North America, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and cadi Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts \vere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lib upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open LiJiington and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Hclofuie. Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlingtoh, in the County of Bedford, w'as read the’Third Time.

Rejokted, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pal-tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Barker presented to the House, according to Jouenne’i Order, a Bill for naturalizing Louis Jouenne: And the Nat. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are pinvia thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed Incbfure* and Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinviu, in the County of Wvr-cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Precincts of the said Chapelry or Township, several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which; in their pfeient State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other -Commonable Land; under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

Juant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

BuJhoUt and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are CleevePrio* thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed loclosure. and Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if the same W'ere divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that G g Mr.*

1T4

Mr. Rujhcut and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, in the fame.

H« min^d^n: A Petition of several Noblemen, and also the hum-

Clc^y>ren’* b]e Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, 5’ of the County of Hun, was prei'ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, within the said County, several small Benefices, and consequently several Widows and Orphans of Clergymen, are frequently left in very distressed Circumstances; and that many Persons, who are charitably disposed, might be induced to contribute towards the Relief and Support of such poor Widow? and Orphans, in case proper Persons were legally authorized to receive and tlifpose of such charitable Donations: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Mr.

A. 1775.

rick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-, ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Account Majesty’s Command, *re ence‘

Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1775: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, from the ift March to 24th December 1775. both Days inclusive, being 299 Days; as also of the Charge of Levy Money, for the Augmentation to Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons, for the Year 1775: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1775.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

13* Februd

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1775.

Foot.

Augmentation to One Regiment offoot - -

Augmentation to Eleven more Regiments of Foot -

Levy Money for 2,400 Men, at 5 per Man ——

rOne Independent Company of Invalids -

Five Independent Companies of Invalids

more - -- -Invalids. Augmentation to Colonel s Regiment of Invalids ——

Augmentation to Twenty Independent Companies of Invalids ——

Total -

NUMBERS.

200

2,200

IOO

5°©

423

960

2,400

1,983

4»383

Pay for 365 Days,

2,646 5 —

29,108 15 —

1,438 14 2

7,193 10 IO 4,612 13 9

10,706 13 4

TOTAL.

3f>755 ~

12,000 —

23,951 12 1

— — U-67>7°6 1

War Office, 13th February 1775.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

15 Geo. III.

13° Febru

"5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Eilabli(lament of One Regiment of Light Dragoons* and Two Regiments of Foot, from the ift March to 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive, being 299 Days; as also of the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation to Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons, /or the Year 1775.

JL - — -; NUMBERS. Pay For 299 Days. DIFFERENCE.

Major General Prejloris Regiment of Light Dragoons, according to the British Establishment, from iff March to 24th December 1775 - -- -- --Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment for the same Time - -- -- -- 488 \ V 12,029 15 4 6,998 4 9

Difference i — f — 5 >°31 10 7 '

Major General Maitland's Regiment of Foot, according to the British Establishment, for the same Time - - -Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment, for the same Time a-------.--- 477 8,962 io 6 8,246 6 6

Difference - 716 4 —

Major General Grant's Regiment the same - - - - -Levy Money for 108 Men and Horses, added to Major General Preston's Regiment - -- -- - 477 — 716 4 — 3,072 12 —

Total - „ - - - 1,142 £.9,536 IO 7

War Office, 13th February 1775,

BarrmgM.

Vox,. $5.

ESTIMATE

...fir

tjUOglc

p

13° FebruariL

116

A.

1775

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the new Ro&ds of Communication, and building the Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 177 5.

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Ahgujfns to Bernera and the Isle of Skay> 92 Days; confiding of 2 Subaltern Officers at 3 Shillings each per Diem, 2 Serjeants at 1 Shilling each, 2 Corporals at Sd. each, 2 Drummers* and 50 Private Men at 6cl. each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident Expences ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Drummond in Lennox to Dunbarton; confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 Private Men, 92 Days, at the said Rates ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, dsV. -

To a Party to work from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, to Stirlings from Tyndrom to Inverary, and from Dalmalie to Branden; confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals,

1 Drummer, and 30 Private Men, 92 Days, at the said Rates ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work from Dalnacardoch, by Pitmean, to lnvmiefs\ confiding of 1 Subaltern,

2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Eirummer, and 50 Private Men, 92 Days, at the said Rates - -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, iBc. - -

To a Party to work from Stirling, by Tay Bridge, to Dalnacardoch; confiding of 2 Serjeants,

2 Corporals, and 28 Private Men, 92 Days, at said Rates -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochlornondfide, to Tarbetl and to Inverary, and through Glenfallach and Glenfruen to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mount Road; confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 Private Men, 02 Days, at the said Rates ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, cdV. ——

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through Strdth Spey, to Corgarff Barracks, Braemar Cadle, and Blairgowrie and Cupar in Angus; confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 Private Men, 92 Days, at' the said Rates - -

Extra Charges of Artificers; Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work on the Road leading over the Cam Mount to Strathbogie, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 Private Men, 92 Days, at the said Rates -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, &c. ——

To a Party to work at Fochabers and Speyfide to Strathbogie; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private Men, 92 Days, at the said Rates - - ....

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, ——

To a Party to work from Canton to Follow, in Rojs Shire; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 25 Private Men, 92 Days, at the said Rates ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, ——

To a Party to work from Blair, in Athol, to Dalnacardoch; confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private Men, 92 Days, at said Rates ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, fJc. -

To the new Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour of Port

Patrick - -- -- -- --.....- - -

To the Bridge over the Water of Aray ——

To the Bridge over the Water of Doeveratt ——

To Six small Arches on the Line of Road from Stirling to Dunbarton -

To Four small Arches on the Line of Road from Dunkeld to Blair ——

To rebuild the Bridge at Mulanairn, carried away by the Floods in October lad -

To repair sundry Bridges on the Line of Road from Blairgowrie, by Braemar, to Fort George, some large Bridges being in great Danger by the high Floods in October lad -

To repair sundry Bridges from Stirling to Dalnacardoch, by Tay Bridge -

To rebuild Two small Bridges, carried away by the Floods in October lad, upon the Corriarick Road ——

To repair Bridges upon the Line of Road from Fort Augustus to Inverness -

To repair Two small Bridges in the Black Mountain near Tyndrom ——

To Ensign M'Corkell, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Robertson, and Mr. McLeod, for overseeing the Works, and attending the Parties, 92 Days, at 5 Shillings/w Diem each ——

Total -

£ s. d

l62 10 8

*34 5 —

162 10 8

108 — ——

146 8 8

124 l5 —

146 8 8

124 l5

79 14 8

53 16

100 8 8

80 15 9

162 10 8

120 4 6

79 14 8

53 16 —

7° 10 8

49 l5 3

72 16 8

1 45 ]5 3

70 10 8

5° 16 —

2,000 — —

SOO — —

800 — —

250 10 —

130 5 —

5° l5 —

189 — —

210 5 —

So J5

155 11

3» 10 6

92

*6,998 10 7

War Office,

13th February 1775.

Barrington<

Ordered

B eng worth inclosure.

Corner's

Name,

Bigot's Nat

Ways and Meant*

Supply.

15 Geo. III. 130 — 14 0 F 1x7

Ordered, That the said Efti mates do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sir Rushout, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of in the County oiWorcester, and one of the Proprietors of unin-

closed and Commonable Land lying in the said Manor, and within the Parish of Bengwo aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Names are subscribed, being other Proprietors of the said Land, waspresented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor and Parish are coextenfive, and contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in their Value by a Division and Inclosure: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That' Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Coventry do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Clarke, Esquire, heretofore called John Plomer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Richard Clarke, Esquire, deceased, by his Will, dated the Third Day of November 1773 (after devising certain Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, to the Uses therein expressed) devised all other his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, subject to a Term of One thousand Years therein mentioned, to the Petitioner, for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons successively in Tail Male; and by his said Will did direct, that the Petitioner and his Heirs Male should (when they respectively, by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, became entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Premises) ule and take the Surname of , and bear the

Arms of Clarke; and that the Petitioner hath taken the Surname and Arms of , and is desirous the same may be confirmed to him, and his Heirs Male, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightley and Mr. Powys do.prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Bill for. naturalizing Charles , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strahan, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain; with an Etlimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half

Vol. 35.

Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to pie-pare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1775, referred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1775, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which thej had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, . that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIl,u Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for faking into Consideration Cncklr.de the Petition of John Dewar, Elouire, and also the fckdion. Petition of Samuel Peach, Esquire, severally complaining of.an undue Election and Double Return-lor the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, being come;

The House proceeded, to the Appointment of a Sdeds Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Double Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament poste'd in the Tenth and Eleventh Years , of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to l'erve in Parliament. i

TheSeijeant. at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require

H h the

I r 8 14° Februarii.A. 1775.

the immediate Attendance of the Members on the And the Door of the House being opened;

Business of the House: One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for

And he went accordingly. Mr. Dezvar, and the other of them to the Counsel for

And being returned; Mr. Peach; and thereupon the said Mr. Dezvar and

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 113 Mr. Peach, and their Counsel and Agents, together with Members being found to be present; the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Com-

The Petitioners, John Dewar and Samuel Peach, mittee, immediately withdrew.

Esquires, and their Counsels and Agents, who attended

at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk Sir John Hynde Cotton, from the Select Committee, Downton appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending who were appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Eie^ioo. also at the Bar. Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and John Cooper, Esquire;

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk and also the Petition of several Freeholders of the was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, complain-Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration. ing of an undue Election and Return for the Laid And the same being read accordingly; Borough, informed the House, That the said Select

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members Committee have determined, of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was That Thomas Duncombe, Esquire, is not duly elected placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outfideof Borough of Dozvnton, in the County of Wilts: the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, And also, that the said Committee have deterThat the said Box was, on the 13th Day of February mined,

" 1775, made up in his Presence in the Manner directed That Thomas Dummer, Esquire, is not duly elected a " by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate Borough of Dozvnton, in the County of Wilts:

" the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of And also, that the said Committee have deterMembers to serve in Parliament," was read. mined,

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, That Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, the Petitioner, ought the Attestationinclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present purporting, "That the Names of all the Members were Parliament for the Borough of Dozvnton, in the County " by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into the of Wdts:

" said Box on the 13th'Day of February 1775," was And also, that the said Committee have deter-

read. , mined,

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of That the said Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, is duly

Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for rolled up in the same Manner, were*, by the Clerk, the said Borough of Downton:

taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers And also, that the said Committee have deter-

into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, mined,

and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk That John Cooper, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County Speaker, who read the same to the House. of Wilts:

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were And also, that the said Committee have deter-

drawn, who were not objected to mined,

And the Name of the Lord Beauchamp being drawn, That the said John Cooper, Esquire, is duly elected a the Counsel for the said Mr. Dewar declared, that the Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Borough of Downton.

Mr. Dewar; and the said Member having, in his Place, And the said Determinations were ordered to be consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being entered in the Journals of this House. made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do such Nominee, his Name was set aside. attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the

And the Names of Forty-three other Members, then Return for the Borough of Downton, in the County of present, were drawn, who were not objected to Wilts; and amend the fame, by rafing out the Names

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said of Thomas Duncombe and Thomas Dummer, Esquires, and Names, the Names of Eighteen other Members, inserting the Names of Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, and then present, were drawn, and set aside with the John Cooper, Esquire* instead thereof.

Names of those who were absent from the

House; Four, on Account of their being Mr. Dundas, from the Select Committee, who were Hindon Members against whose Returns Petitions were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the' Election, depending; and Fourteen, on Account of their Petition of James Callhorpe, Esquire, and Packard Beck-then serving on Select Committees, appointed ford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and for trying the Merits of controverted Elec- Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of tions. Wilts, informed the House, That the said Select Com-

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so mittee have determined, drawn, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the That Richard Smith, Esquire, is not duly elected Bur-Couhfel for Mr. Peach was called upon, by Mr. gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members ol Hindon, in the County of Wilts: then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be And also, that the said Committee have deter-

added to those chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select mined.

Committee. That Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, is not duly elected

Whereupon the said Counsel named John Bond, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Esquire; who did not require to be excused from serving Borough of Hindon:

on the said Select Committee; and who was not ob- And also, that the said Committee have deter-

jedtedto. mined,

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine That James Calthorpe, Esquire, one of the Petitioners,

Members, so drawn, and not excused or set aside, having is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present

been prepared by the Clerk; Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon:

And

i s Geo. III. u° Februarii. n

And also, that the said Committefc have determined,

That Richard Beckford, Esquire, one of the Petitioners, is not duly elected & Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of was

a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Dundas also acquainted the House, that, in the Course of the Examination into the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford,

Esquire, it having appeared to the Committee, that the most flagrant and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption had been practised; and that a very considerable Majority of the Electors of the Borough ol had been bribed and corrupted in a very gross and extraordinary Manner; and that several others of the said Electors had been concerned as Agents for that Purpose; the Committee, desirous that the House may adopt such Measures as may discourage, and, if possible, put an End to a Practice lo subversive of the Freedom of Elections, had directed him to lay before the House the whole of the Evidence given before the said Committee, with their Opinions thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read } and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth:

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Richard Smith, Esquire, by his Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That iThomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, by his Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That James Calthorpe, Esquire, by his Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in endeavouring to procure himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Richard Beckford, Esquire, has, by his Agent, endeavoured, by Promise of Money, to procure himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Reverend John Nairn, of Hindon, Fasham Nairn, Esquire, late of Bury Street, Saint James's, Francis Ward, of Sherborne Lane, London, Stevens, a

Butcher, at Salisbury, commonly called Jobber Stevens, Francis Mead, John Hart, William Lucas, Thomas Howell, John Becket, Baker, William Penny, William Bye, Senior, William Becket, and William Burnett, of Hindon, have acted as Agents, and been accessary to, and concerned in, the notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption that have been practised at the last Election for the said Borough of Hindon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to disfranchise the said Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon ThursdaySeven night, the 23d Day

of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be lufiicient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant for the making out a new Writ for electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon, until the House shall have proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

The honourable Booth Grey being in his Place, and Dawnton having informed the House, that he was very sorry £le^1U[J-that his absenting himself from the Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Downton in the County of

Wilts, had given the House any Trouble; but that the Business on which he was obliged to go into the Country was urgent and indlfpenfable;

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the Attendance of the honourable Booth Grey in his Place, upon Friday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom Devize* the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and other the Election. Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth i viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Salmon, Junior, being examined, said, That the said Borough, being a very great Thoroughfare, and having a considerable Market, the principal Streets there, by means of the many heavy Carriages constantly passing through them, cannot be kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law$ that it would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons having Occasion to relbrt to, or pass through, the fame, if Power was given to amend, regulate, ^nd keep in Repair, the several Streets,

Lanes, and Passages, there, to light and watch the fame, to remove Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therefrom, and to prevent the like for the future.

Mr. Samuel Taylor, being examined, confirmed the whole of the foregoing Evidence.

And both the Witnesses being further examined, said. They apprehended the Inhabitants would be able to defray the Expence of executing the several Purposes abovementioned, by a Rate on themselves, assisted by a small Toll to be collected on Sundays on the Turnpike Roads within or near, the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Town and Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts; for removing Annoyances and Obstructions therefrom, and for preventing the like for the future; and that Mr. Garth, Mr. James Sutton, Mr. docke, and Mr. Goddard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Mevagissey

in the County of Cornwall, of the Owners of Lands Pier, within and near the said Manor, and of several Persons residing in and near the Town of Mcva»i£ey, who are concerned in, and carry on, the Pilchard Fishery, and who trade to and from the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Town has for a long Scries of Years (from the Situation thereof) been found very convenient for carrying on the Pilchard Fishery; and the same has been so done, to the great

Emolument

i 20 140 Februarii. A. 1775.

Emolument and Advantage, not only of the Public in general, but of many Persons concerned or employed therein j and that, for the Safety and Protection of Vessels employed in the said Fishery, and others who might at any Time have Occasion to navigate to and from the said Town, a small Pier was formerly erected and kept in Repair, by the private Owner of the Ground and Soil near to the fame, in respect of which certain small Dues were taken from the Owners of all Vessels as partook of the Protection of the said Pier; and that the said Pier, being found very incommodious, difficult of Access, and inadequate to the Encrease of the said Fishery, and the Resort of Vessels to the said Town, hath been suffered to fall into Ruin and Decay; and that some of the Petitioners and others, seeing the Ne-ceflity of erecting a new Pier upon a morev extended and enlarged Plan, have subscribed and paid the Sum of £. 1,300, or thereabouts, which hath been expended in executing Part of the Work intended to be carried into Execution; and that, in order to make and erect the proper Embankments, Quays, Wharfs, Ways, Passages, and Approaches, to the (kid Pier, and for the Protection thereof, it is necessary to veil in Commissioners the Soil of a sufficient Quantity of Ground; and the Petitioners find, that, for that End, and for completing the several Works aforesaid, and in making Satisfaction to the Owners of the Ground and Soil which will be used in effecting the lame, the further Sum of ,£.3,000, or thereabouts, will be necessary; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, by laying a reasonable Tonnage, or Duty, on all Ships and other Vessels which shall partake of the Benefits refuhing from the said Improvements, and by laying certain other reasonable Tolls, Taxes, or Duties, not only the said further Sum necessary to be raised, but the Interest thereof, and of the Sums already advanced, may be kept down, and the said Pier and Works at all Times kept and maintained in good and sufficient Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. James Gren-

ville, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Pewfey A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of

Inclosure. within the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts, the Rector of the said Parish, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribedj having Lands, Rights of Common, or other Interest, within the Parish aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the (kid Parish, several Common Fields and Commonable Places, which might be greatly improved, if laid into Severalty, inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, arid bring in, the lame.

Shadwel! A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Streets and

&c. Places herein after particularly mentioned, whole Names Streets, are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pavement of New Gravel Lane, and the Streets leading from the South End of the said Lane to the 2

North End of Cockhill ', and also of Foxes Lane, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, as well as of several other Streets, Paffhges, and Places, in the same Parish, are in a very ruinous Condition, and the said Streets and Places are likewise rendered very incommodious and unsafe, by many Encroachments, Obstructions, and other Annoyances; and that the Petitioners have found the Laws in being, for remedying the above-mentioned Evils, very insufficient; and that, if Provision was made for completing a commodious Pavement in the above-mentioned Streets and Places, and keeping the same in Repair, and for removing the several Incroachments and Annoyances therein, and for preventing the like for the future, the Petitioners apprehend the same would greatly tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants, and the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the (kmc, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Bull, the Lord Mayor of London, Ike.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Burcot Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlet of Burcot, and Parish of,

in the County of Oxford without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lxsrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nonnanton Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- &c. dows, and Common Pastures, within the District of Inclosure. Normanton, in the Parish of Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Greenalgh, heretofore called James Slyth, and his Issue, to take and ule the Surname of pursuant to the Will of William Greena/gh, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messenger withdrew.

Lord George Qavcndish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open C^dofure! Fields, and a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of Goodnianham, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

John Dewar, Esquire, and Samuel Peach, Esquire,

the

vo.r

;V-

J

121

15 Geo. III. 14* — 15* Februarii.

the Petitioners before-mentioned, with their Counsel and *°D' Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for Mr. Dewar, and the Counsel for Mr. Peach,

had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of Mr. Peach, whose Name was first inserted in the Indenture of Return annexed to the Writ returned by the Sheriff of the said County of Wilts, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

George Grenville, Esquire, Clarke, Esquire,

Philip Rajhleigh, Esquire, Francis Annejley, Esquire, Noel

Hill, Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, Esquire, John Smith, Esquire,

Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, Richard Pennant, Esquire, Thomas Lifter, Esquire, Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer.

And the Names of the Lord Beauchamp and John Bond, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, and also the Petition of Samael Peach, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of ,in the County of Wilts; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the Matter of the Petition of John Dewar, ’ Esquire; and also of the Petition of Samuel Peach, Esquire, referred to you; and a true " Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And the said Petitioners, John Dewar and Samuel Peach, Esquires, with their Counsel and Agents, were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee: had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the ( Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Number of Two thousand Men be allowed, for Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, including Four hundred and Ninety Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Two thou-/ sand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Five thousand Three hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Seventy Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to Voi. 35.

His Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horie Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home on Account of the Annual Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, :d to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 15* die Februarii; Anno 15° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1775.

R AYERS.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of filedion. Downton, in the County of Wilts,

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, Yarmouth to whom the Petition of the Magistrates, Gentlemen, Bridge to Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Great Tarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners and Occupiers of Land, and other Inhabitants, of the Half Hundred of Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk; were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had in all Respects been complied with, except that Notice was not affixed to the Door of the Sessions House, nor printed in some Newspaper in the Months of August and September last, owing to the Petitioners not having been apprized in Time of the said Orders; but that the first-mentioned Petition was signed by the Magistrates at their adjourned Michaelmas Quarter Session j and that every Owner of Land through which the said intended Road passes, and in the Neighbourhood of it, had signed the last mentioned Petition} and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr.

John Spurgeon said. That the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth to Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk, is about Two Miles in Length, and is in a 1 i ruinous

V

122 150 Februarii. 1775.

ruinous Condition, and frequently overflowed; and that the same cannot be properly embanked, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

The Reverend Doctor Smith, Minister of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and Mr. One of the Aldermen of the said Borough, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Spurgeon, with respect to the Condition of the Road; and added. That if the said Road was amended, and kept in Repair, and proper Banks made, so as to prevent the same from being overflowed, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to all Persons making use of the said Road, or having Estates near or adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to in the County of

Suffolk: And that Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

Walpole, Sir Charles Bunbury, and Mr. Holt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Richmond The House being informed that Mr. Smith (from the Bridge. Commissioners of Richmond Bridge) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Cash Account."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Oxford -A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ox-Canal. ford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for , making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the

Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, Power and Authority were given, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to make, complete, and maintain, such Navigable Cut, or Canal, pafiable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels; and that the said Company of Proprietors have, by virtue of the said Act, nearly completed the said Cut, or Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to Naplon, in the County of Warwick, being about 42 Miles, and have made great Progress therein at several other Places, and are now proceeding with great Expedition in the Execution of the remaining Parts thereof; and that the said Company were, for the Purpose of making the said Canal, enabled to raise amongst themselves the Sum of £. 150,000, with Power, if that Sum was not sufficient, by the same Means, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, to raise a further Sum of £.50,000-; and that the said Company have already raised and contributed, amongst themselves, the Sum of £.122,300, which hath been expended in carrying on the Works, and for other Purposes authorized by the said Act; and that the said Proprietors did, at their General Assembly, or Meeting, held by Adjournment at Oxford the 4th Day of July last, set on Foot a Subscription, for raising the Sum of £.30,000 in order to complete the said Cut, or Canal, to the Town of Banbury, which they are at present unable to do; and that some Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act, and some further and other Pow'ers and Provisions wanting, for carrying on, completing, securing, and preserving, the said Navigation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Company of Proprietors, under their Common Seal, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, of the said Navigation, in order to cariy on and complete the 1 1

fame, and that such Amendments may be made to the said Act as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Lord Charles Spencer,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Goodman-Fields, and a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of Goodmanham, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and a Parcel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of Goodmanham, in the County of York,

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House America* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, <^o!oa*e*' to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* Account of the Quantity of Com and Flour exported or‘Jcre^* from Great Britain to the Sugar Colonies, for Ten Years past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of Goods exported from Great Britain to Ireland, from Christmas 1772, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Train Oil and Blubber imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 177a, as far As the same can be made up; distinguishing the Countries from which the same have been imported, and the Quantity imported each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Rape Seed and Rape Oil imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1772, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Countries from which the same have been imported, and the Quantity imported in each Year.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Braunfto* Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Plomet’* Order, a Bill to enable John Clarke, Esquire, hereto- Name, fore called John Plomer, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Clarke, pursuant to the Will of Richard Clarke, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

'-TV

Ciaydon,

&c.

Inclosure.

American

Colonies.

15 Geo. III. 150 Febru. iaj

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, a certain Open Common Field, lying within the Township and Liberties of Clay don, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, called Clay don Field, was presented to the -House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, lying within the said Open Common Field; and, in respect thereof, are entitled unto, and do enjoy, Common of Pasture for their Cattle, in, over, and upon, the said Common Field, by a determined Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever; and that the said several Lands and Grounds, in the said Open Common Field, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Quantities, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and, as long as the same lies open and uninclosed, produces but little Profit to the Proprietors thereof, and, in its Situation, is incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said Open Common Field, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meeti

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord PVenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers of the Borough of Bridpott, in the County of Dorset, on Behalf of themselves and Thousands of others, Inhabitants of the said Borough and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being Mailer Manufact urers of Nets, Lines, and Twine, for the Use of the Fisheries carried on, on the respective Shores and Banks of New England, Newfoundland, and other Parts of North America, as also of Canvass for Sails for the Vessels and Boats employed in the said Fisheries, have usually employed, in the said Borough and the neighbouring Villages, several Thousand Labourers in the Manufacture of the said Articles, who solely depend thereon for Subfi Hence, no other Manufactory of any Sort being carried on there; and that, in conference of the Non-importation Agreements lately entered into in America, the Petitioners have not received, and find they are not this Season to cxpect, a Demand for a Shilling’s Worth of Goods for those Parts; and that the Loss of that valuable Branch of their Trade distresses them the more, as, from a Consideration of the Importance of the Fisheries, and the Impossibility of carrying them on without Nets, Lines, &c. they had flattered themselves the Americans, in their Non-importation llesolutions, would have made some Exception in favour of these Articles; and from thence, as well as in Companion to the poor Labourers, were induced to continue their Manufactories, so that they have now large Stocks of Goods on Hand, of a Con-Itruction peculiar to those Parts, which will therefore be of little Value to them without a Return of this Trade; and that, from the Necessity th must be under

of an immediate Supply of these Articles for carrying on the Fisheries, the Petitioners apprehend Manufactories of them already are, or inllantly will be, set up there, or such other Sources of Supply discovered, and Connections formed, as will for ever deprive them of a Return of this Trade; and that, should this be the Cafe, the Petitioners, already much distressed, shall become great and lalling Sufferers, and their Labourers, many of whom are already without Employment, and the rest employed only in Part, mull inevitably be reduced 4o a Condition deplorably miserable, being neither capable, nor having an Opportunity, of turning their Hands to any other Business: And therefore praying the House to take their and their poor Labourers present Distresses and impending Ruin into Consideration, and to grant

Vol. 35.

such speedy and effectual Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Mr. Strqhan reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for naturalizing Charles Bigot, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in or near the several Parishes of Odiham and Crondal, in the County of Southampton, and Farnham, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Hamlet of Hook, in the Parish of through the

Parishes-of Odiham and Crondal, in the County of Southampton, to the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Methods preferred by Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: - -

And it is referred to Sir Henry St. John, Mr. Griffith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir HarbordHarbord presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, committed <c by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, " and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, " Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen HotPressers, and of all Persons employed in the said " several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of " their Wages And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places,-within the City and Liberty of and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Execution of the said Acts, the Petitioners find that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made thereto, with regard to the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants with Water; and that some further Powers and Regulations are wanting, to enable the Petitioners effectually to fulfil the Intention of Parliament, in granting the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts!

Ordered,

Bigot*

Nat.

Odiham,

See.

Roads.

Hat, See. Manufacture.

Westminster

Paving.

134 15 FebruarA. 1775.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the* Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Lord

George Germain, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Lidliogton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iadotare. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford; without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

American Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Dunmore to Colonies. the Earl of Dartmouth, dated , 44th De-

cember 1774: Received 11 February.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January lad, and the id Day of this Indant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Paper is preserved amongd the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants* and Mader Manufacturers of Woollen Goods, of the Towns of Wakefield, Halifax, Bradford, Huddersfield, and Country adjacent, intereded in the Trade to America, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by Means of the North American Commerce carried on directly from the said Towns and Country adjacent, or through the Hands of the Merchants of London, Bristol,

Glasgow, Hull, and other Places, the Petitioners have been enabled greatly to extend their Manufactures, and give thereby a large Employ to many Thousand in-dudrious poor Labourers; and that the North American Commerce, taken collectively and in its full Extent, is an Object of great Concern to the Wed Riding of York-fhtrein general, to the Petitioners in particular, and worthy the Attention of Parliament; and that, by the unhappy Differences subsisting between Great Britain and her American Colonies, the Petitioners labour under the present Stagnation of that Branch of Trade, the Loss of which is feniibly felt, and in Time will be much more so, by the Petitioners and the aforesaid indudrious poor Labourers; and that the Petitioners, thus circum-itanced, are judly alarmed for themselves and Families, at the same Time feeling for the Didreffes of those to whom in Times pad they have been enabled to give Support, humbly represent to the House their present unhappy Situation, confiding in the Wisdom, the Justice, and Moderation, of Parliament, to remove the Causes thereof, in such Manner as to the House may teem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 3id Days of January lad, the id Day of this Indant February, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inferring the Words,

" the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others,

" of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " North America, is referred," indead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " the " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of " the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " North America, is referred," be inserted indead thereof j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read j Hoofc.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Way* a Committee of the whole House, to consider further *nd of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

’ Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- '

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Zrj/ftEdablishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, from the id March to 24th December 1775, both Days inclusive, being 299 Days; as also of the Charge of Levy Money, for the Augmentation to Major General PrefiotCs Regiment of Light Dragoons, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and building the Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they

had

15 Geo. III. x5° — i6°

had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Account* The House being informed that Mr. (from

pi elected, the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Sugar imported into England, from the British Colonies and Plantations, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Refined Sugar and of Muscovado Sugar exported from England, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the fume can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Qu ntitits exported to North America, West Indies, and For: ign Parts: And also.

An Account of the Amount and Value of the Imports rom the British Sugar Colonies into England, trom CEnJUnas 1762 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the tatiK can be made up; distinguishing each Colony and each Year: And also,

A particular Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Customs in England, for Three Years, ending Christmas 1773 } distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, Tl.at the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preftrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

Woollen The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Manufacture to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of (America.) the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made Ule of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and " Silk, Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Tools and Implements used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intended to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords ddire the Concurfence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as foil owe th; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 3. Leave out " Tools and Implements" and insert " Wool Cards, or Stock Cards, " not exceeding in Value Four Shillings Pair, and Spinners Cards, " not exceeding in Value One Shilling and Six Pence per Pair,"

In the Title of the Bill. Leave out " Tools and " Implements" and insert " Wool " Cards."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

VCL. 35.

Februarii. I 5

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed-to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Februarii;

Anno 15° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that the Sheriffs of ChrirtcWtli the City of London attended at the Door; they,

were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Bridgt Road* House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Petitioners were empowered to build a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and to make several Avenues thereto from the said Bridge, and to light and watch the same when built; and that, by another Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were. enabled to complete the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, on the London Side; and that, by another Act, made in-

the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Petitioners were empowered to make a Road from the South End of the said Bridge, to the Turnnike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dag and Duck, and to Neivhgton Butts, in the County of Surrey-, and

by the said Act, the Trustees for carrying into Execu- -tion an Act, pulled in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were empowered to repair, light, and watch, the said Road; and that the said Roads have been made pursuant to the Directions of the said 1 aft-mentioned Act, and have been found very convenient 5 but, to render the Avenues to the said Bridge of greater public Utility, it will be necessary to make a new Road from a Place at or near Christ Churchin the said County of Surrey, in a strait Line Westward, to the Opening adjoining to the Lying-in Hospital near to Westmin/ltr Bridge: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said new Road, in such Manner, and under such R Oulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr.

Alderman Bull, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Bigot, was Bigot* read the Third Time. Is«t.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Charles Bigot.

Ordered, That Mr. Stralnnt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Wav* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Meats. K k was

a

126 16° Februarii. 1775;

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolu-tton which the Committee bad. directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

And a Member, who had not been sworn at the Table, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The laid Resolution was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1775, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1775.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Derby A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Blc&ion. thereto subscribed. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That at the last Eleilion of a Member to serve in Parliament for tire said Borough, Daniel Parker Esquire, and John Gijbortie, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners, and divers others, having a lawful and undoubted Right, by Birth or Servitude, to the Freedom of the said Borough, and to be sworn Burgesses thereof, previous to the said f lection, claimed to be admirted Burgesses of the said Borough; but Christopher Heath the Mayor, and divers Aldermen of the said Borough, with a view to deprive the Petitioners and others of voting at the then next ensuing Election, and in order to procure a Return in Favour of the said John Gisborne, refused to admit them to their Free-

dom, although the said Mayor and Aldermen, at the same Time, admitted several Persons under the like Circumstances with the Petitioners; and that the said Daniel Parker Coke was duly eletted, by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, but the said Christopher Heath, the Mayor, who presided as the Returning Officer, hath made a Return of the said John Gisborne, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Christopher Heath, during the whole Course of the Poll, acted with the greatest partiality in favour of the said John Gisborne, by rejecting the Votes of the Petitioners and others who had a Right to Poll, and who tendered their Votes for the said Daniel Parker Coke, and by admitting on the Poll for the said John Gisborne, divers Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; whereby, and by many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings of the said Christopher Heath, and divers Members of the Corporation of the said Town, as well previous to, as during the Poll, the Petitioners conceive themselves greatly prejudiced, and their Rights and Privileges as Burgesses of the said Borough attacked and violated: And therefore praying the House, on Behalf of themselves and others the Burgesses of the said Borough of Derby, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall i'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 14th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

-fr-

Memorandum:

Inpurfuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 1 ith Years of I-iis present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Eledious, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons Papers, and Records, as shall be thought oecessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. (from Account

the Commissioners of Excile) attended at the Door; P,c:eiueJ: he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the E*c,fe* House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Excite in England, for Three Years, ended 5th July 1773; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of thisSeflLn.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Sappty. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had diiefted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Six Pounds Twelve Shiiitngs and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, confuting of Four thousand Three hundred and Eighty-three Men, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Five hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the britiftt and Irish Establillunent of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, from the First of March to the Twenty-fourth of December 1775, both Days inclusive, being 299 Days; as also for defraying the Charge of Levy Money, for the Augmentation to Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1775.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and feve- Hampflead ral other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Pariftj (Middlesex) of Hampstead, in the County of Miwas presented Nightly

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Watcl1-Town is very populous, and, from its Situation, the Inhabitants thereof, and of the Parts adjacent within

the

15 Geo. III.

16° — 170

the same Parish, as also all Persons passing to and from the same in the Night, are much exposed to Robberies and other Outrages; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Security and Convenience, if Power was granted to light the said Town, and Parts adjacent, within the said Parish, and if a proper and well-regulated Nightly Watch was established within the said Town, and a Horse and Foot Patrole employed, to conduct Passengers between the said Town and London, in t Lie Night Time: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Sir Charles

worth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A'niy: The Hou fe resolved itfdf into a Committee of the

and w ^e House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charts Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the B:ll, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vtexerts) I j° die Februarii; Anno 15" Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AMeflage from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux, Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

And the Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Edward , Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgcftls of the Borough of New Radnor, and its contributory Boroughs, on Behalf of themselves and others the Burgesses of the same Boroughs, complaining of the undue Klcftion and Return of John Lewis, Esquire, for the said Borough,

being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Vol. 35.

Royal A (Tent to

Bill*.

New Radnor Election.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker* to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was c unted by Mr. Speaker, and 119 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Edward Lewis, Esquire, and his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bur: The Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, attended also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Nat; :>of all the Members of the House, and (caled with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being iuspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-lide of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 16th Day of " February 1775, made up in Ids Presence, in the Man* " ner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, inticu i. An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections

O <

" or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names or all the Members were by him, in the Pretence of the Speaker, " put into the said Box on the 16th Day of February " 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinlt Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Forty-one Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Adam, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Member declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said fitting Member; and the said Member having in his Place consented to (itch Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Sclect Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set afule.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Nineteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and let afide with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Twelve, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Seven, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners were called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to lie added to those chosen by Lot to serve on the said Select Committee.

YV.'.ercupcrv

ia8 17a Februarii. A. 1775-

Whereupon the said Counsel named Bomber Gascoyne, Esquire, who did not require to be excused from Serving on the said Select Committee, and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, to drawn, and not excused, or let alide, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, Edward Lexvis, Esquire, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, im-' mediately withdrew.

Royal Then Mr. Speaker reported. That the House attended Assent j-jis Majesty this Day in the House of Peers; where His Bills. Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Utensils made Use of in the Cotton, Linen, " Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom," as relates to Wool Cards used in the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, intendeJ to be exported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Flintham, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the District of Narmanton, in the Parish of , in the County of

Nottingham, and also the Open Meadow called Cow Meadow, in the said Parish of Southwell:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Common Lands, within the Hamlet of Bur cot, and Parish of Dorchester, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Lidhngton, in the County of Bedford:

An Act to enable James , heretofore called

James Styth, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Greenalgh, pursuant to the Will of William Greenalgh, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing George Ernjl de Hahn.

Toddenham A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure. thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of 7 in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Fields and Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Guise and Mr. Barrow do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are C a wood, thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, "c ture' Lands, and Tenements, within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and Wijlozv, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manors and Parishes, several Wood and Marsh Grounds, Ings, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 2,000 Acres, and some Open Field Lands, containing ao Acres, more or less; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested in the Premises, and would also be of public Utility, if the said Wood and Mlrlb Grounds, Ings, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, were to be inclosed, and specific Allotment’s made thereof to the respective Proprietor, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and ir.clofrng the said several Wood and Marfii (bounds, Ings, Carrs, Common5, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Manors and Pari flics of Cazcocd and iViflow aforesaid, and for making adequate Satisfaction or Equivalents in lieu of Tythes, as shall be expressed in the said Bill, and for other Purposes to be therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Turner and Lord John Cavsndi/hdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the St. Leoojrd. Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Mid- Sp^d^h’ dleftx, and of a great Number of the Trustees appointed oor’ c' by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Parish, and divers other Purposes, as also of several other of the principal Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the said Act is found to be extremely deficient in many Parts, and, in its present Mode, very prejudicial to the Parishioners, many Clauses being ambiguous and vague, and many Misnomers and Mistakes having been made in inserting the Names of the Trustees; and several Hardships and Inconveniences have already arisen from the said Act, so far as it hath been carried into Execution; and cannot poftibly be executed so as to answer the Purposes intended; but mull, in various Instances, prove highly injurious to the said Parish, and to all Persons interested therein; and that the Petitioners apprehend it to be highly material to the said Parish, that the said Act should be explained, altered, amended, or repealed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in &

Bill for the above Purposes; or that the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants and Parishioners in general, may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Turner, Esquire, Lord of the Kildale Manor of Kildale, in the County of York, was pre- laclofuio. fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Parish of Kildale, in the said County, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, 2,944 Acres, or thereabouts;

and

15 Ge<KIII. 17 -Februa 129

and that, for theeffecting a Partition, Inclosure; and Division, of the said Commons and Waste, certain Portions of Land have been let. out to the Redfcor, William ChaHoner, and George Hebbron, which they have agreed to accept in full of their respective Shares and Interests in the said Common and Waste Grounds; and the said Rector hath agreed, that all Tithes issuing out of, or. payable: in respect of, the Messuages, ;Lknds, and Grounds, ofi the Pelirioaei-, and out of the Petitioner’s Share of the iaid Commons and Waste Grounds set out to the Petitioner, shall for ever be extmguished, and such Part of the Glebe appertaining to the said Redtory, as is not appropriated ror the said Rector, shall be vested in the Petitioner and his Heirs, in consideration of an annual Sum, or Stipend, to be secured and made to issue out of the said Manor and Lands of the Petitioner, for the Benefit of the present and future Redlors of the said Parish for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing , and carrying into Execution the said Partition and Division, and for extinguishing the said Tithes, and effectually securing the said annftal Payment, for the Benefit of the said Rector, in lieu thereof, and that the said Agreement may be fully carried into Execution, under such Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the mid Petition: And that Sir James Pennyman and Colonel Murray do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Army: Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

*andny from Committee of the whole House, to whom Desertion, the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross’ed.

Account The House being informed that Mr. Bruere (from p|51: the Commissioners of Excise) attended at the Door; he *c,e‘ was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Excise paid on Rum imported from the West for the last Three

Years; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Excise paid on Coffee imported from the West Indies, for the Three last Y'ears; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Laud Tax. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act: of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Ad " for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and SeventyfiveAnd that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Cooper do prepare, find bring in, the fame.

American Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Colonies. His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, VOL. 35.

an Act passed by the Assembly of Virginia, in the Year 1684; intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation " of the: Peace of Virginia, and preventing unlawful " and treasonable Associations."

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such'Member of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Edward Lewis, Esquire, the Petitioner before-men- New* Radnor tioned.witH the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, EledUqp. together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Seled Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately (truck off One of the said Forty* nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts so (truck, together with'a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Filmer Honywood, Esquire, Francis Page, Esquire,

Charles Garth, Esquire, Sir George Baronet,

Abel Smith, Esquire, the honourable Thomas Francis Wenman, Thomas Halsey, Esquire, John Elwes, Esquire,

Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, Anthony James Keck, Esquire, William Chaytor, Esquire, Lord George,

Ambrose Goddard, Esquire.

And the Names of William Adam, Esquire, and Bomber Gascoyne, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table; they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnor, and its contributary Boroughs, on Behalf

of themselves and others the Burgesses of the same Boroughs, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Lewis,

" Esquire, and also the Petition of the several " Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

" Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnor, and " its contributary Boroughs, on Behalf of themselves and others the Burgell'es of the same " Boroughs, referred to you, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And the said Petitioner, Edward Lewis, Esquire, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Lord North presented to the House, according Maflkdrafet’s to Order, a Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of Bay, Ac. the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Restriaion*

and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain,

Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fiftiery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the kid Bill be printed.

LI The

130 i7* — 20° Februarii. A. 1775.

The other Orders of the Day beibg read;

American Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday M6m-Colonies. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and die ift and 15th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Wap and Refoboed, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

Meant, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom* ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 20° Februarii.

Anno 15° Georgii III*" Regis, 1775.

Praters.

Account rT"' H E House being informed that Mr. Stanley (from presented: the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at

Customs. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Customs in England, for Three Years, ending 1773; distinguishing

each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

American Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Colonio. House, that their Address of Friday lait, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Act passed by the Assembly of Virginia, in the Year 1684, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Peace of " Virginia, and preventing unlawful and treasonable " Associations" had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Yarmouth Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, ac- Bridge to cording to Order, a Bill for amending and widening KojuL°n ^e Road leading from Yarmouth , through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little , to

Gorlefton, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Jouenne’* A Bill for naturalizing Louis was read a

Nat- Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darker, Mr, Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brannfton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and fr.ckjfure. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea* dews and other Commonable Lands, of and within S

the Parish and liberties ctf Braunsion ,in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ley, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill to enable John Clarke, Esquire, heretofore Plomer’, called John Planer, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Clarke-, pursuant to the Will of Richard Clarke, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kmgktv ley, Mr. Skipwith,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according Wolrerley to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, *nc*ofure-the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wolverley, in the County of //’or. cefier :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgclfts, Twenf of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the feve- Fisherie*. ral other Persons whose Hands are thereunto fub-foribed. Owners, Proprietors, and Tenants, of Fisheries in the River Tweed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Regulations and Provisions establkhed by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers ana Streams running into the fame, have been of great Utility to the Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries- in the said River, and have greatly contributed to the Preservation of the Fish therein; and representing to the House, that, in the Execution of the said Act, several Defects and Inconveniencies have occurred, so as to prevent the good Purposes intended thereby: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Bull reported from the Committee, shadwell, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the &c. Streets and Places thereinafter particularly mentioned, Scrcc°-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Saunders being examined, laid, That the Pavement of New Gravel Lane, and the Streets leading from the South End of the said Lane to the North End of CockUll, and aHb of Foxe’s Lane, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of as well as

of several other Streets, Passages, and Places, in the same Parish, are in a very ruinous Condition; and the said Streets and Places are likewise rendered very incommodious

ix Geo. III. 20° Februarii. i x i

Commodious and unsafe by Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, of various Sorts.

That the Laws in being for remedying the above mentioned Evils have been found very insufficient.

And that if Provision w^s made for completing a commodious Pavement in the abovementioned Streets and Places, and keeping the same in Repair, and for remedying the several Encroachments and Annoyances therein, and for preventing the like for the future, it won Id greatly tend to the Benefit of the Inhabitants and the Public in general.

Mr. Thomas Dykes confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within New Gravel , and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Pault Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, not comprized in an Act, passed in the nth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned: And that Mr. Alderman Bull, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Oliver,

and Mr. Alderman Hayley, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Barton, &c. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are loclosure. subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Land, tn the Villages of and Martcleeve, in the Parish of Bidford, and County of Warwick, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Village* contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if - the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Skipwith and Sir Charles ,do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Adl«ftrop A Petition of the Moll noble James Duke of Chandos, lodofure. and the humble Petition of the Lady Caroline Leigh, Widow, and the Reverend Thomas Leigh, Clerk, the Guardians of James Henry Leigh, Esquire, an Infant, Lord of the Manor of in the County of

Gloucester, and also Proprietor of Lands lying in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor of aforesaid, and also

the humble Petition of the said Thomas Leigh, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of with the Chapel of the Hamlet of Adlejlrop aforesaid, and of the Reverend Charles Leigh, Ckrk, Wight,

Widow, and John James, Yeoman, was presented to the House, and reach; Setting forth, That the said James Henry Leigh, the Petitioner, Thomas Leigh as Rector, and in Right of his Church aforesaid, and in his own Right, together with the Petitioners Charles Leigh, Cajfandra Wight, and John James, being the only Persons entitled to, or interested in, the several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Adlejlrop aforesaid, entered into an Agreement, bearing Date the 3d Day of December last, whereby the said Charles Leigh and CaJJandra Wight, in confederation of such Annuities to be paid to them by the said James Henry Leigh as therein mentioned, agreed to give up and release unto the said James Henry Leigh all their Estate, Right, and Intererst, in the Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Manor o aforesaid; and

it was thereby agreed, that the Lands and Grounds in the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places aforesaid, should be divided and allotted to Vol. 35.

and amongst them the said James Henry Leigh, Thomas Leigh, as Rector, as aforesaid, and according

to their respective Estates, Shares, and Interests, therein; and, for that Purpose, the Petitioners, by their said Agreement, did appoint George Salmon, Gentleman, and Samuel Collet, Surveyor, to set out and allot the same accordingly; and that the said George Salmon and Samuel Collett have, by their Award, in pursuance of the said Agreement, bearing Date the 21st Day of January last, divided, set out, and allotted, the said Lands and Grounds, to and amongst the said James Henry Leigh, Thomas Leigh, and John James, to the Satisfaction of all the Petitioners; but, by reason of the Infancy of the said James Henty Leigh, and of the said Thomas Leigh’s Right in the Premises as Rector as aforesaid, the said Agreement and Award cannot be made’ valid and effectual, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may, be given to bring in a Bill to confirm the said Agreement and Award, and the several Allotments made to them as aforesaid, in Severalty; and that such other Provisions and Regulations may be made, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Stanhope and Mr. Edwards Freeman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir John Webb, Baronet, Lord of the Braun flon Manor of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, the Inc’l0^urc-Reverend Mr. John Edwards, Rector of the Parish of Braunston aforesaid, Lumley Arnold, William Fofler, Thomas Harris, John Parney, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Land and Grounds in the Common Fields of Braunston aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields of Braunston aforesaid; which Bill, if it should pass into a Law, would greatly affect the Petitioners, and injure them in their several Properties within the said Manor and Common Fields: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of An/hru- Anftrother ther Easier, was presented to the House, and read; E«fter

Setting forth, That the Act for a Duty of Two Pennies, Ker.&c. or One Sixth of a Penny Sterling, on each Scots Pint of Ale or Beer that should be either brewed, brought in, tapped, or fold, within the said Town or Liberties thereof, has been of very great Use; and that the said Act was obtained for the Purpose of erecting a new Pier, in order to render the Harbour safe and commodious, which has been done accordingly, but the Expence of which far exceeds the Money levied by virtue of the said Act, and the Money that was borrowed still remains due by the Town; and that the old Pier having frequent Occasion for Repairs, as also the Bulwarks that defend the Town from the Sea, and the Town’s Funds being small, that they are not futfi-

cient

132 200 Februarii. 1775-

cient to pay the annual Expences and Incumbrances affecting the Town, far lets preserve the above or any other public Work belonging thereto; and that the said Act expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prolonging the said Grant, for such a Number of Years, and on such Terms, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

Zee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ordered* Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an or Account of Imports to the Sugar Colonies from

North America, for Three Years lall past; distinguishing each Year.

Ffcgg Pobr. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, within the Hundreds of and West Flegg, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor within the said Hundreds are lately considerably encreased, and are maintained and supported at a much greater Expence, by their respective Parishes, than they were within a say Years pall; and that the Children of many of them are fullered by their Parents to live in Idleness without Inllruftion of any Sort, and thereby imbibe bad Habits, and many of them continue to be heavy Burthens to the Community: and that, many of the indullrious Poor, from Age and Infirmities, suffer unavoidable . Hardfiiips, in the present Mode of Parishes relieving and afiilling the m; and that, if the Poor were put under proper Government, and a Place provided for their general Reception, the Infirm might be more effectually relieved, the Able and Indullrious better employed, and contribute to the Support of each other, the Profligate and Idle reclaimed, the Children educated, and inllrufted in Religion, Morality, and Industry, and be made useful Members of the Community, to the great Relief of the Petitioners, and the general Good of Society; and that thel'e salutary Ends would be effectually awfwered if the Owners, Clergy, and Occupiers of Land, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, within the said Hundreds, were appointed Guardians of the Poor thereof, with such Provisions, Powers, and Regulations, as may be necessary to carry the said Design into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Millet, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Land Tax. Sir Charlei Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to " His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand,

" Seven hundred and Seventy-five And the same was received; and read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns (from Account! the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at; the prdented. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Corn, Flour, and Bread, imported from North America, into that Part of Great.

Britain called England, from the 5th 1767 to

5th January 1774, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Kind of Grain, and the Quantity imported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Exports and Imports to and from the West Indies and from

Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1762; distinguishing each Year; and the Value of British Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Exports and Import! to and from Africa and England, from Christmas 1739 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Year; and the Value of British Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize. '

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rice, from the Select Committee, who were Bristol appointed to try and determine’ the Merits of the EleOioa* Petition of Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, and also the Petition ,of divers Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Free Burgesses of the City and County of the City of complaining

of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Henry Cruger, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Edmund Burke, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City and County of the said City of Bristol.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Edmund Burke, Esquire, being chosen a Citizen to Mahon Writ, serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bristol, and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Buigefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malton, in the County of York, in the room of the said Edmund Burke,

Esquire.

The House was moved that the Order, made upon Pontefnft the 6th Day of this lnllant February, for taking into Election. Consideration, upon Friday next, the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and James Hare, Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of PontefraEl, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants Householders, and Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Elec-

j

i 5 Ge6; III,

tion and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con-'fideratioft upon Tomorrow Severinight, the 28th Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in thO Afternoon.

Memorandum:

' Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders . for their Attendance accordingly.

Abingdon The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Election. the 6th Day of this Instant February, for taking into Confederation, upon Friday next, the Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, complaining of an undue; Election and Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 3d Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Shrevfbury The House was moved, That the several Orders, fcleftion. made upon the 6th and 16th Days of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday next, the Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, and also the Petition of the

Burgesses, and others, entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the Town of , whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other BurgcfTcs and Voters, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of S/irczzfoury, in the County of Salop, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Considera, tion upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Kingston The House was moved, That the Order, made upon upon Hull the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Con-iledhon. ^deration, upon Tuesday the 28th Day of this Instant February, the Petition of the honourable Thomas Shirley, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of upon Hull, might be

reacts*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, upon Friday the 10th Day of March next, at a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Hdlcfton The House was moved, That the several Orders, made Election. upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday the 3d Day of March next, the Petition of PhilipTorke and Francis Esquires, and also the Petition of Richard Johns, Junior, Alderman, and of Matthew Wills, Richard Johns, Edmund Johns, Richard Penhall, and William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough ot Rellefion, in the County of Cornwall, severally complain ng ot an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

VOL. 35.

*3$

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration, upon Friday the 10th Day of March next, at Teh Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made Honiton upon the 6th and 19th Days of December last. for taking Election, into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 7th Day of March next, the Petition of John Baring, of Mount ,in

the County of Devon, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, feverhlly complaining of an undue Election and Return for the:

said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. I

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Cofi-sideration, upon Friday the 10th Day of March next, at'

Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the- After-' noon. .’!'

Memorandum: .

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of Joseph Pickering and Francis Squire, Luton, ice. was presented to the House, and readSetting forth, R°ad. That Two Acts passed, in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the 16th Year of his late Majesty King the Second*

for amending and repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to West-wood Gate, in the said County, whereby several Tolls were granted and continued, and Power given to borrow Money on the Credit of the said Acts; and the said A dts, by virtue of the General Turnpike Act, passed in the 28th Year of his late Majesty, were further prolonged for the Term of Three Years; and that the Trustees of the Act of the 13th of King George the First did, forne Time in the Year 1730, in pursuance of the Power thereby to them given, borrow of Becker,

Esquire, upon Mortgage of the Toils, the Sum of £.500; and that, in 1773, the said Mortgage was legally assigned to the Petitioners upon Trust, that they should, with all convenient Speed, call, get in, and receive, the said principal Sum of 500, and all Interest due thereon, and, in Default of Payment thereof, to sue for the fame, and immediately after Receipt thereof, to pay and apply the said principal Sum of £, 500, and Interest, and every Part thereof, as in the said Assignment is mentioned; and that, since the said Assignment, the Petitioners have frequently applied toj the Trustees for Payment of the said' Sum of £ 506, and Interest, but have not yet been able to obtain Payment thereof; and that the Petitioners have been ip-, formed, that the said Trustees do not intend to apply for the Renewal of the said Acts, which expire at the Ends of this present Session of Parliament; and as the said,

Sum of £-500, now vested in the Petitioners, as Trustees for the Parties interested, was lent by the said.

William Becher, upon the Credit of the said Act, passed in the 13th Year of King George the First, and upon, the Faith of Parliament, which, without the Interpolation of the House, will be loft to the Parties, as the Trustees under the said Act have declined taking the necessary Steps for applying to the House for enlarging the Term of the said several Acts: And therefore praying. That the Term and Powers of the said Acts, of the 13th Year of King the First, and

16th Year of his late Majesty, may be enlarged for such Term as the House shall think proper, fu as to M m enable

&o° Februarii.

*34

20

o

of^l^oo^ ^Tlent^and^tdvai

Becher, together with thn a j the laicl wtlham

S^S^SSpS

such °ther -o «„r a-

P ^ie Petition be referred to the

Con side rat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. See.

And^they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of

21 ° Februarii. j

177J?»

Mr. Speaker left the Chair ' °

J't'c,n,mi ‘°°k Chair Of „„ Corn. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

them refLd; andhi "orae ,o^li'?

plSfJ’t Se^heW 3," ""f'

uZigtl^ "KlteP°n b' re"red "P°"

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, he Clock, i„ r "move- ""

to fend for Persons, Papera. and Record, iy Jrd, That this HoofeSi up„„ ,hi, Day W

Hickling A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto set rd"lvV!r'!lC ".Committee of the whole

Inclosure. and fubteribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

who are Owners of Lands, Tithes, and Common Right, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common

VT°: ------- ",lu a '-uummice or

House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Resolved, That this House will, upon

Pastures, within the Parish of Hickling, and County of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *nd Meant

Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Setting forth. That the Petitioners Lands, in the said for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Resolved, That this House will, upon Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improve- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ment; and that it would be greatly advantageous to all whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Persons interested therein, to have the same divided to His Majesty. and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Ooen Fields. Meadows, and Common Pal-

the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Common tures, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Howe and General Howe do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

New Mr. E/wes, from the Selecft Committee, who were Radnor appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe-Elertion. tition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, and also the Petition

of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto fub-r.‘\_j nf the Boroueh of New and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 21 Februarii;

Anno i s' Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775* Prayers.

- tition of Edward Lewis, Esquire, and also the Petition Prayers. of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lub- appointed for taking into Confident j£chdl«

feribed, Burgesses of the Borough of New Radnoi, and I «« £ N of chapman, Esquire, BMm.

l ^nrrlh.itory Boroughs, on Behalf of themselves and - *j°" *:,p Gf several of the Inhabitants and

other the Burgesses of the same Boroughs, complaining ° of- t)ie Borough of Dorchester, in the County of

f undue lUedtion and Return for the said Borough, Behalf of themselves and divers others of the

25SS% HbA - "

"ftTjTiLa, Esquire, the Sitting %SL%d. Quires, for the said Berough, berag

in the County

And^also, That thefaicl CommitteeIra^edeterminjd

0U i w*

15 Geo. III. 2 iFebruari135

separate and distinct from each Other, that several of those Electors who had voted for one of the said Sitting Members, had not voted for the other of them, and that although the Sitting Members had a joint Interest as against the Petitioner, yet, that if the Petitioner should be able to establish a Majority of Votes over both the Sitting Members, then the Sitting Members would have no further Connection, but would be let in Opposition to each other, contesting for the Right to the other Seat, and that therefore they desired to separate in their Defence; and One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having informed the House that, as he conceived the Petitioner had a clear Majority of Votes over both the Sitting Members, he had no Objection to their separating in their Defence; and the said Petitions having been read, the same was agreed to by the House.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was laced upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected y Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outline of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, upon the 20th Day of " February 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box on the 20th Day of February 177 5," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glafies, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there (haken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glafies, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depend-. »ng.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, and Three Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened:

And One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, One other to the Counsel for the said John Damer, Esquire, and the other to the Counsel for the said William River, Esquire; and thereupon the Petitioner Anthony Esquire, with the said several Counsel and Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

Cricklade Mr. Thomas Townshend, from the Select Committee, Election, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Samuel , Esquire, and also the

Petition of John Deivar, Esquire; complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Vol. 35.

Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Samuel Peach, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts:

Andallb, That the said Committee have determined,

That John Deivar, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of >

was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ditto, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; the last Election for a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, being declared void.

Mr. Gajcoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Clerkenwell the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the *>00ri 4c* Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the county of ,

on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared t<j them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Babingtoh, Master of the Workhouse, being

examined, said. That there are now 320 Persons in the House, which was built to receive only 150; by which Means it is crowded to such a Degree as to render it not only extremely inconvenient, but also highly prejudicial to the Health of the poor Persons residing in it: And,

Mr. John Severn being examined, said. The said Parish consists of Two Districts; that the Number of poor Persons has greatly increased of late Years, and is now so large, that the Workhouse being too small to receive them, many are obliged to be maintained as Out Pensioners, which is attended with much Inconvenience and additional Expence; that the Poor’s Rata is now Three Shillings in the Pound at the Rack Rent, and the Parish is in Debt on account of the Poor £.980, and upwards; that if Power was given to raise Money to build a new Workhouse, or enlarge the old bne, for the Purposes of receiving and relieving the Poor, with proper Regulations for their good Government and Employment, it would be productive of many great Advantages to the Parish, and tend to lessen the present heavy Expences.

Mr. John Sawell being examined, confirmed the Evidence of both the said Witnesses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Gajcoyne and Mr. Macktuorth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according Nw Radnor to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of New e ien* Radnor, in the County of Radnor.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom Oxford the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Ox~ v-anai.

ford Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and find that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House of the

25th

13* l\° Februarii. . 1775*

45th Day of April 1774* relating to Navigation Bills; it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized by an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, nor to raile any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Walker, Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the said Company of Proprietors have completed great Part of the said Canal, and are now proceeding in the Execution of the said Act; but that the Act is found in many Respects defective, and requires several Amendments and Alterations.

And being asked, What Alterations are necessary to be made in the said Act ? the Witness said, That by the said Act the Proprietors are restrained from raising Money to carry the same into Execution, except by Subscription, which Method hath been found imprafti cable; that they have already raised the Sum of £.123,300 by Subscription; and that a further Sum is wanted to complete the said Navigation, which he apprehends might be raised, if the Company were impowered to mortgage the Rates or Duties granted by the said Act.

And the Witness further laid. That it is necessary that the said Company of Proprietors should have Power to restrain the Owners of Collieries, from working the same within a certain Distance of the said Canal: And he added. That the said Company of Proprietors would be enabled to purchase Lands for making the said Canal, at a less Expence than they can do at present, if Power was given to the Owners of the Lands to be purchased, to sell or exchange the remaining Parts of all such Lands as are separated and divided by the said Canal.

That it would be for the mutual Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, and of all Persons navigating upon the said Canal, and would prevent many Disputes between them and the Owners of Vessels, if, in all Cases where Vessels do not pass above the Distance of a Mile upon the Canal, the Owners of Vessels were only to pay an equal Proportion of the Rates, according to the Distance they navigate upon the Canal.

And Mr. Walker further said. That some other Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made in the said Act, in order to enable the said Company of Proprietors effectually to carry the same into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And that Mr. Page, the Lord Wenman, and Lord Charles Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. (

Mitforf, See. A Petition of the Nobility, and the humble Petition Poor. of Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tythes impropriate, and Hereditaments, within the Hundreds of Mitford and in the County of

Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundreds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Poor in the several Parishes within the said Hundreds, have for several Years past greatly increased, are now very numerous, and supported at much greater Charges than formerly, and such Expences are yearly increasing; and that the granting of proper Powers for the better Government

and Regulation of the Poor within the said Hundreds, and the providing a House, with a proper Quantity of Land, for their general Reception and Employment, will tend to the more effectual Assistance and Relief of such as, by Age, Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Correction and Punishment of the Idle and Profligate, and the Education of poor Children in Religion, and training them up to Industry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages,

Lands, Tythes, Tythes impropriate, and Hereditaments,

within the said Hundreds of M and Lamditck,

with such Provisions, Authorities, and Powers therein,

for the better maintaining, relieving, and governing,

the Poor within the said Hundreds, as to the House

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Aflley, Mr. A &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and air who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of fevered Persons, whose Names are there- Lea and unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Mellon, && Setting forth, That there are, within the Hamlets or 1nc °'ure' Lea and hlarfton, in the Pari :h of Lea Mcirj in the County of Warwick, fever.:! Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Walk Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable or any considerable Improvement; and that it would be oi great Benefit to the Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Holte and Mr. Skips.vilhdo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Robert James Clay Roufby, Clerk, was Sledmire presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Lclofore. within the Township or Precinct of in the Parish

of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the County of York, there are several Tracts or Parcels of Open Ground, containing 1,144 Acres, or thereabouts, and several other Tracts or Parcels of Ground, containing 119 Acres, or thereabouts, which are the lolc Property of the Petitioner; and that there are at present several public Highways and Roads, leading over different Parts of the said Grounds, some of which arc improperly laid out, and in inconvenient Directions, and that it would be an Improvement to the Petitioner’s Estate, if the said Open Grounds were inclosed and fenced, and the said other Grounds subdivided and fenced, and proper and convenient Roads and Ways let out and appointed in and over the fame, which would likewisebe of public Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as shall by the House be judged proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Daniel Lafcelles, and Mr. Turner, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anthony Chapman, Esquire, the Petitioner before-

mentioned,

i5 Geo. III. 2 i0 — 2 a0 Februarii. 137

Dorchester mentioned, with the said several Counsel and Agents, Election, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the said Sitting Members, had, in his Prelence, alternately llruck off One tf the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and that the Counsel for the said Esquire,

had struck off One of the said Names, in the First Place; the Counsel for the said Anthony , Esquire,

in the Second Place; and the Counsel for the said William River, Esquire, in the Third Place; which Order of striking the said Names had been determined by Lot, in his Prelence, after the said Petitioner and the said Counsel and Agents were withdrawn from the Bar: And the said Clerk delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, which last mentioned Lilt was read; and is as follows:

Sir William Codrington, Baronet, John Dyke Acland, Esquire, William Drake, Senior, Esquire, Richard worth Neville, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, AshetonCtirzon, Esquire, Sir Thomas Baronet,

Sir Harbord Harbord, Baronet, Drake, Junior,

Esquire, Sir George CoBaronet, Sir William Guise, Baronet, Charles Brett, Esquire, Sir John worth. Baronet.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew; and the> laid Petitioner, with the said several Counsel and Agents, all'o withdrew.

Land Tax- A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-five," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, 'I hat the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight the 7th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

Dorchester And the said Thirteen Members before mentioned, Election, being again returned into the House, the said Petitioner, Anthony Chapman, Esquire, with the said several Counsel and Agents, were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, informed the House that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Two Members from amongst those who were present when the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, as aforesaid, and whose Names had not been drawn, and who were also then present in the House, to be added to the said Thirteen Members already chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select Committee; and that the Names of such Two Members were Lord John Cavendish and Sir Edward Aftley, Baronet; who not requiring to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and not being objected to, their Names were added to the said Lift; and thereupon the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Anthony Chapman, Esquire, and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Eledors of the Borough of Dor chafer, in the County of Dorfel, on Be-Vot. 35.

half bf themselves and divers others of the Eledors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Anthony tlman, Esquire, and also of the Petition of lev«ral " of the Inhabitants and Eledors of the Borough " of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, on " Behalf of themselves and divers others of the " Eledors of thpsaid Borough, referred to you; " and a true Judgment give according to the " Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner,' Anthony Chapman, Esquire, with the said several Counsel and Agents, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourried till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Februarii;

Anno 150 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Rowe (from Account* the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) presented. attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Sugar imported into Scotland from the British Colonies and Plantations, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Muscovado Sugar and Refined Sugar exported from Scotland, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities exported to North America: And also,

An Account of the Amount and Value of the Imports from the British Sugar Colonies into Scotland, from Christmas 1762 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Colony, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Complin (from African the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading Company* to Africa) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar presented, to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1773, The Account of the " Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa-, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N a A Pc-

138 239 Februarit. \ 1775.

Ertford A Petition of several Justices of the Peace and other , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Gad. Inhabitants of the County of Hertford, was presented to pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the house, and read; Setting forth. That the Common Cecil Lord and Mr. Pelha,a,

Gaol of the said County is situate near the Middle of do prepare, and bring in, the fame, the Town of Hertford, and so closely encompassed by

Buildings, that it is impossible to supply the unhappy A Petition of John Esquire, was presented B ifl.of

Persons confined therein with a sufficient Quantity of to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, Norton fresh Air; for want whereof the said Gaol is generally made in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Iftcl°rjri' unhealthy, and frequently visited with a contagious Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Fever, called the Gaol Distemper, the Effects whereof Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of have sometimes extended beyond the Limits of the said Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, Power was Gaol; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the given to exchange any Part thereof according to their said Gaol should be taken down, and a new one built respective Estates, for any other Lands within the said in an airy and commodious Situation: And therefore Parish, so that every such Exchange should be made praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for with the Approbation of the Commissioners forexecut-takingdqwn the present Gaol, and erecting a new one in ing the said Act, and expressed and declared in their a more convenient Situation, and for raising Money for Award; and that, in pursuance thereof, the Reverend those Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions Thomas , D oft or in Divinity, Prebendary of the

as to tfip House shall seem meet. Prebend of Bishop Norton, and the Petitioner, applied

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the said Commissioners, that Two Parcels of Lind,

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Qi^ll appear U) them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. &c.:

And 1 hey are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

tl>C’»Paient Petition of Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant, y en was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That His present Majesty did, by Letters Patent dated the 17th March 1768, grant to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymill, the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of Materials of the same Nature as those of which the Afatic and D Porcelain are made; and

that the said William Cookworthy aligned ail his Right and Interest in the said Letters Patent to the Petitioner, who hath been at great Expence in bringing the said Discovery to Perfection; and that the remaining Part of the Term of the said Patent is not a Compensation for the great Pains and Expences which have attended, and mull still attend, the Prosecution of the said Discovery, so as to render the same extensively useful to the Public, and a valuable Acquisition to the Manufactures and Commerce of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted to the said William Cookworthy by the said Letters Patent, or that the Petitioner may have such other Encouragement as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the faic} Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr- Burke, Mr. Cruger, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sw-arby A Petition of Christopher Whichcote, Esquire, Impro-Indofure. priator of the Great Tythes of the Parish of Szqarby, in the County of Lincoln, and Owner of a considerable Property within the said Parish; and allb of William Earle Welby, Esquire, in Behalf of themselv^s and the other Proprietors, was presented to the House, apd read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, severalOpen Uninclosed Common Fields and Pallures, containing 900 Acres, or thereabouts, and that a Division and Inclosure of the said Open Uninclosed Common Fields and Pallures would improve the Estates of the Petitioners, and of the other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Pallures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

containing in the whole 164 Acres and 8 Perches, intended to be allotted to the said Thomas and the Petitioner his L (Fee, as Leasehold, should be allotted ;o the Petitioner, partly as Freehold, and partly as Copyhold; and that One other Parcel of Land containg 167 Acres 1 Roods and Perches, and intended to be allotted to the Petitioner, partly as Freehold and partly as Copyhold, should be allotted to the said Thomas Balguy, and die Petitioner his Lessee, as Leasehold; and that the said Commissioners, by their Award, dated the 7th Day of October 1772, contented to such Exchange, and did allot the said Parcels of 1 and accordingly; and that, by reason of a restrictive Clause contained in the said Act, directing the Commissioners to aiiat One Plot of Land lying within the Boundaries therein described, and which said Plot of Land comprizes the said Two firli-mentioned Parcels of Land, to the said Thomas Balguy, or the Petitioner his Lclfee, as Part of the L.rnd to be allotted in lieu of Tythes, which were Leasehold, Doubts may arile, whether, notwithstanding such Exchange lo made and approved of ai aforesaid, the Lands so allotted upon the said Exchange to the Petitioner are of a Nature of Freehold and Copyhold respectively: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring the said Two Parcels of Lana, lo allotted to the Petitioner as Freehold and Copyhold upon the said Exchange, to be Freehold and Copyhold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Darker reported from the Committee, to whom jouenne’* the Bill for naturalizing Louis Jouenne was committed; Nat. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Reverend John Edwards, Rest or Braun (ton of the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Inclosure.

and of Lumley Arnold, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others inrerested in Estates within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunjlcn, in the County of Northampton; and Setting forth, That if the same should pass into a Law as it now Hands, it will, in many Particulars, be prejudicial to the Petitioners and others:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by

them-

- *.

v

American

Colonies

Ditto.

15 Geo. III. 22° FehruariL 1 139-

themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said American Colonies consists chiefly in the Exportation Bill as may affect them; and that they may have such of Linen Manufacture, and that of White and Brown Relief in the Premises as to the House Ihallfeem meet. Linens only, by the Non-importation Agreement the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Petitioners are deprived of this, the oniy valuable,

Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Branch of Export they are permitted to carry on with is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by those Colonies, and of which they already begin to their Counsel, before the find Committee, upon their feel the unhappy Effects; and that, if the Linen Ma-Petition, if they think fit. nufacture decays, this Kingdom must be reduced to

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- such a State, as, from want of Employment at Home, mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the to increase Emigrations, reduce the Value of Lands, same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the and diminish every Branch of the poor Remains of the said Petition. Trade they enjoy; and that the Chief Commodities,

which the Petitioners have Liberty to import from A Petition of the Merchants of Whitehaven, in the America into this Kingdom, being Flax Seed, Lumber, County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and Wheat, and Flour, should the Ncn-exportation take read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and their place, they must necessarily be deprived of Flax Seed Predecessors have, for many Years past, carried on an to raise Flax to carry on their Linen Manufacture, of extensive Trade with America, during which Time the Staves for Calks to contain our Beef, Pork, and Butter,

Manufactures of this Kingdom have been sent out from for the Supply of Great Britain, His Majesty’sNavy, and the said Port to a very considerable Amount; and in the WIndia I Hands; and that this Train of Confc-

Return, the Petitioners have imported the Produce of quences is destructive to the Landed Property, Manu-

that Continent, in i'uch Articles as have not only been factures, and Commerce, of this Kingdom, and ofcourse

beneficial to them, but have also greatly increased the must occasion a very sensible Diminution ot His Ma*

Revenue of this Kingdom, and in the Prosecution of jesty’s Revenues, from the then absolute Inability of which Trade, a great Number of able Seamen have been the Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That the House brought up and employed; and that the Petitioners would take the Premises into their Consideration,

with the deepest Concern observe the present unhappy hoping that some Expedient may be found out, where-

Disputes subsisting between this Kingdom and North by these Consequences may be prevented, Harmony Amaica, which are now brought to such a Crisis, that, restored, and established upon a solid and permanent unlessfome speedy Remedy be adopted, will effectually Foundation.

put an End to all' future Intercourse, and thereby not A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

only prevent the Petitioners from such Benefits as they poled. That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

formerly enjoyed, but also be injurious to the Comrner- sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to rial Interest of this Kingdom in general: And therefore whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers praying the House will take into Consideration the which. were presented to the House, by the Lord North,

Cause of these unhappy Disputres, and endeavour to upon the 19th and 31st Days of "January last, and the establish such a permanent System as may promote the ift and 15th Days of this Instant February, by His perfect Tranquillity of this Kingdom and her Colonies. Majesty’s Command;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, An Amendment was proposed to be made to the That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration Question, by leaving out frorn the Word " whom" to of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " the referred to consider of the several Papers which were " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North

19th and 31st Days of January last, and the ift and " America, is referred," instead thereof.

15th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s And the Question being put. That the Words pro-Command. posed to be left out Hand Part of the Question j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the It passed in the Negative.

Question, by leaving out from the Word "whom" to And the Question being put. That the Words "the

the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " the " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of " Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of " the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of " North America, is referred," be inserted instead North America, is referred" instead thereof. thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Words pro- It was resolved in the Affirmative, posed to be left out stand Part of the Question; Then the main Question so amended being put;

It passed in the Negative. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

And the Question being put, That the Words " the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of others, of the City of London, concerned in the ComNorth America, is referred," be inserted instead mcrce of North America, is referred, thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative. A Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bon.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was presented l>oor* Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the 29th Year others, of the City of London, concerned in the Com- of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, merce of North America, is referred. intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the

" Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlight-A Petition of the Merchants, Linen Drapers, and " ening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lancs, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town ami Neighbourhood " other Passages, and repairing the Highways and or Bel/afi, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to " Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners " Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Mid-observe with the dtepeft Concern the unhappy Dif- " dlef and for making more effectual Provision for ferences which at present fubiut between Great Britain " those Purposes;" and that, since the passing thereof, and her American Colonies, and are apprehensive the Poor, Aged, and Infirm, as well as Infants belong-of the fatal Consequences which may arise from ing to Families unable to support them, are, by reason tl^em; and that as their Lxpoit Trade with the of the very great Increase of Buildings and Inhabitants Vol. 35. of

iao /i'x° Februarii. . 1775.

of the said Parish, become so numerous, and daily becoming more so, that the present Workhouse is infufi-ficient to receive all the said Poor that are Objects of Parish Support; and that it is found, on general Experience, that providing for such Objects, by granting Pcnlions and casual Relief, is not only considerably more expen five to the Parish, but also deprives the said Parish of the Labour of such industrious Poor, which might otherwise add much to their general Maintenance; and likewil'e, if there was a proper House provided for the Reception of all such Poor, it would prevent all Impciitions by giving Relief to such Persons as have other Means of Support; but that such Workhouse cannot be erected, without further Power be given to the’Petitioners to raise Money for that Purport, nor well conducted, unless l'ome more effectual Regulations, for managing the Poor within the same, are established by Authority of Parliament, then those with which the Petitioners are already inverted by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for the Purports aforesaid, under such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworthy Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Oxford Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Canal. Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ResolvedyThat the Bill be read a Second Time,

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Account Qf the Value of the Exports from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1763 to 1772; distia-

guishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from, and imported into,

from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Place.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from, and imported into, from Christmas 1767 to Christmas 1769; distinguishing

each Year, and each Place.

Brampton A Petition of the Owners and Prorietors of the several Inclosure. Old Inclosures, Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, or Free Chapelry, of Brampton, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, Parish, or Free Chapelry, in their present Situation are not capable of great Improvement; and that several of the old Inclosures may be exchanged for others of more convenient Situation; and that, if the said Commons, Open Fields, and Inclosures, were divided, allotted, and exchanged, amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, "<0*

pursuant to the Ptayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Lord Richard Mr.

Curzon, and Mr. Skipwith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Tadmarton Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, ly- Inclosure. ing within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Upper ’Tadmartonand Lower Tadmarton, in the County of

Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, One Large Open and Common Field, called or known by the Name of Tadmarton Field, consisting of 81 Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and containing together 2,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and divers other Land Owners, in respect of their several Lands and Grounds, are entitled to, and do enjoy. Common of Pasture for their Cattle in, over, and upon, all the said Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons whatsoever; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others. Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Field, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the lame, and are most of them inconveniently situated, and, so long as the same lie Open and Uninclosed, produce but little Profit, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the making a Division, Allotments, and Inclosures, of the said Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, will greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement to their respective Properties and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Le^ive may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the said Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, of such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord IVenman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town or Fulbooru Village of Fu/bourn, in the County of Cambridge, was Churcii. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there have been, for Time immemorial, Two Churches in the same Church-yard, within the said Town or Village, One of which is called the Vicarage Church of All Saints, and the other the Rectory Church of Saint Vigors-, and that a great Part of the said Church of All Saints is fallen down, and cannot be again made fit for Divine Service, unless the same be entirely rebuilt; and that the said Town or Village is divided into Two nominal Parishes, but in reality consists of One Parish only, in all Respects whatsoever, except that the Occupiers of certain Houses are rateable for the Repairs of the said Church of All Saints, and the Occupiers of other Houses aie rateable for the Repairs of the said Church of Saint Vigors-, and that the Inhabitants rateable towards the Repairs of the said Church of All Saints being few in Number, and Persons of small Property, are unable to rebuild the said Church; and that, if the Inhabitants of the said Parish were allowed to take down the Ruins of the said Church of All Saints, and to fell the Materials thereof, and Bells belonging thereto, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale in repairing and ornamenting the said Church of Saint and Powers were given to make proper Rates, from Time to Time, upon that Part of the said Parish called the Parish of All Saints, proportionably with the other Part of the Parish, for repairing the said Church of Saint Vigors, the same might thereby be kept in such properand decent Repair, as Places set apart for the Worship of Almighty God ought to be: And therefore praying. That Leave

may

15 Geo. III. 220 — 23°

may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.

American A Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriff, principal Ma-Coloniei. nufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners very sincerely lament the unhappy Differences which have already arisen between Great Britain and her Colonies, and cannot, without great Concern and Abhorrence, reflect upon that seditious Spirit, which hath broken out with such Violence in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, particularly in the Town of Boston, whose Inhabitants, by their t Disobedience, have set at Defiance the Laws and Government of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners having seen the very ungrateful Return made by the Bojionians, for the uncommonly mild and indulgent Kindness testified to them by the British Senate, in the Repeal of the American Stamp Act, are much surprised to find that Petitions have been repeatedly urged in their Favour to the House, and in particular by some of the maftufacturing Hosiers of the Town of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners, from their intimate Knowledge of the Manufactory of this Town, well know that the Allegations of such Petitions are highly exaggerated; and that the Zeal of the Petitioners hath led them beyond the Bounds of sober and important Truth, representing Calamities which have never yet, nor in the remotest Probability ever will be, felt and experienced by the Inhabitants of the said Town in the Degree stated; and that the Petitioners, from the ^relent Disposition of the Americans, apprehend that the Trade and Commerce of Great Britain with her Colonies cannot be effectually restored, and permanently secured, without a due and proper Submission and Obedience to the Laws and Government of this Kingdom: And therefore beseech the House to take such Measures as may seem most likely to secure and maintain the supreme Authority, Honour, and Dignity, of Great Britain, enforce a due Obedience to her l^aws, and restore Subordination, Order, and good Government, in America.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inferring the Words " it " is referred to consider of the several Papers which " were presented to the House, by the Lord North, " upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and " the 1 ft and 15th Days of this Instant February, by " His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Vox.. 35.

Februarii. 141

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Journal Mr. Wilke*, of the House, of the 17 th Day of February 1769, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of John Wilkes, Esquire,

expelled this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

' The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of March 1711, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon the Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Robert Walpole, Esquire, expelled this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of February 1698-, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Expulsion of Richard Woolaston, Esquire, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Resolution of this House, of the 17th Day of February 1769, " That John Wilkes, Esquire, having " been, in this Session of Parliament, expelled this " House, was, and is, incapable of being elected a " Member to serve in this present Parliament," be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being subversive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors of this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUcr, for the Yeas, f f 7»:

Tellers for, he j,39.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit fill after Twelve of the Clock, on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2$* die Februarii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Praters.

MR. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Commit- Dorchester tee, who were appointed to try and determine the Election. Merits of the Petition of Anthony Chapman, Esquire, and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Electors of the Borough of Dorcheft, in the County of Dorset, on Behalf or themselves and divers others of the Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of un undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That William Ewer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burge fs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset:

O o And

142 230 Februarii. 1775.

And aHo, that the said Committee have determined,

That John Darner, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Dorchester.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Lice A Petition of fevcrai Merchants, Traders, and Dealers Manotifture. jn Thread Bone Lace, manufactured in this Kingdom, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That for many Years past a very considerable Manufacture of Thread Bone Lace hath been carried on within this Kingdom, particularly in the Counties of Buckingham, Bedford, and Northampton, in which many Thousand poor Families are employed; and representing to the House, that the Cud Manufacture labours under many Difficulties, for Want of proper Regulations; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if a Law was made for regulating the fame, it would tend greatly to encourage and improve the said Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that a Bill may be brought in for making and establishing such Regulations for encouraging and improving the said Manufacture, or affording any other Relief, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord Verney, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Povyer to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Potterfpury, Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to See. Inclosure. Qrc|er> a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Potterfpury, and Hamlet of Tardley , in the said Parish of Potterfpury, and also a Parcel of Land, called Kenfon Field, in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hanmer Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Modes, Heaths, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Alnham A Petition of Alexander Colling wood, of Unthank, in Inclosure. ^e County of Northumberland, Esquire, Charles Byne, of Alphington, in the County of Devon, Esquire, Per-c'tvall Clemell, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, Esquire, and Thomas Wrangham, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a large Tract of Waste Ground, Moor, or Common, situate within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Alnham, and in the Parish of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland, called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, containing, by Estima-tion, 9000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that all the Infield Grounds within the said Township lie intermixed with each other; and that the Duke of Northumberland, Lord of the Manor of Alnham, and the Petitioners, are willing and desirous, that the said Traci of Waste Ground, Moor, or Common, and also the said Infield Grounds within the said Township, should be divided and inclosed, which will be a great Advantage to all Parties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Tract of Waste Ground, Moot, or Common, and

also the said Infield Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall teem reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Matthew WhiteRidley and Sir Thomas Clavering do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Watt, of the City of Engineer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath employed many Years, and a considerable Part of his Fortune, in making Experiments upon Steam and Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, with a View to improve those very useful Machines; and that, in the Year 1769, the Petitioner obtained His Majesty’s Royal Letters Patent, for the Sale of certain new Steam Engines invented by him, by which very considerable Advantages over the common Steam Engines were proposed to be derived; but, upon Account of the many Difficulties which always arise in the Execution of such large and complex Machines, and of the long Time requisite to make the necessary Trials, he could not complete his Intention before the End of the Year 1774, when he finished some large Engines as Specimens of his Construction, which have fully succeeded, and confirmed the Petitioner in his Opinion of the Expediency and Utility of his Invention; and that, in order to manufacture these Engines with the necessary Accuracy, and so that they may be sold at moderate Prices, a considerable Sum of Money must be previously expended in erecting Mills and other Apparatus; and as several Years, and repeated Proofs will be required before any considerable Part of the Public can be fully convinced of the Expediency of the Invention, and of their Interest to adopt the lame, the whole Term granted by the said Letters Patent may probably elapse before the Petitioner can receive an Advantage adequate to his Labour and Invention; and that the Petitioner apprehends, that, by furnishing mechanical Powers at much less Expence, and in more convenient Forms, than has hitherto been done, his Engines may be of great Utility, in facilitating the Operations in many great Works and Manufactures of this Kingdom; but it will not be in the Power of the Petitioner to carry his Invention into that complete Execution which he wishes, and so as to render the same of the highest Utility to the Public of which it is capable, unless the Term granted by the said letters Patent be. prolonged, and his Property in the said Invention secured for such Time as may enable him to obtain an adequate llecompence for his Labour, Time, and Expence: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such liellriftions and Limitations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Guernsey Sir Adam Fer-gufon. Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Louis Jouenne, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Jouenne.

Ordered, That Mr. Darker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir Nigel Baronet, and Nigel

Bowyer Grefley, Esquire, Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir Nigel GreJJey, was presented to the House,

S and

\ t?. i-

-v‘

Watt's

Patent.

Jouenne's

Nat.

Updale, See. Canal.

15 Geo. III. 33 0 Februari 143

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of several considerable Coal Mines, within the Manor of Apedale, in the County of Stafford, from which the Inhabitants of the Town of under in

the said County, are principally supplied with Coals, by Land Carriage, for several Miles, through bad Roads, at a very considerable Expence; and that, by proper Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, it appears, that a Cut or Canal may be made from the said Coal Mines, by Chestertonand Holditck, to the said Town of Newcafl/e under Lyne, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, which will facilitate and render less expensive the Carriage, not only of Coals, but also of Stone, Timber, Manure, and other Things, and will be of public Utility; and that the Petitioners, who are Proprietors of the Lands through which the said Cut or Canal is intended to be made, for a great Extent, are willing to undertake, at their own hxpence, the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal, and to supply the Inhabitants of the said Town of wider Lyne with Coals on much more advantageous Terms than they can now procure the fame, and to permit the Conveyance of all Kinds of Manure free of Duty: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make and maintain luck Navigable Cut or Canal, in Rich Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George , Lord &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and

Places adjacent, whose Names are subscribed, was also preTcnted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of an Application intended to be made, for Leave to bring in a 1 Bill, as mentioned in the lad preceding Petition; and

setting forth. That such Cut or Canal will be of great Advantage, not only to the Petitioners, but to all other the Inhabitants of the said Town of Newcastle under Lyne, and Parts adjacent, and will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the said Bill; and that the fame, if brought into the I louse, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

Goodricke’s A Petition of Levina Benjamina Goodricke, Wife of Nat. Henry Goodricke, of the City of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Goodricke and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anftrnther Mr. Anjlruther reported from the Committee, to whom Easter the Petition of the Magistrates and Council of Anjlruther fier, &c. Easter, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Vol. 35.

Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, fold, vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the 'Town of Anjlruther ,. and Liberties thereof, was read. Then,

John Anjlruther, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That the said Act has been of great Use, and was obtained for the Purpose of erecting a New Pier, in order to render the Harbour of the said Town (afe and commodious, which has been accordingly done; but the Expence thereof has far exceeded the Money levied by virtue of the said Act.

That the Sum of f. 400 is (till due and owing, which cannot be paid off, nor the Works completed, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anjlruther Easter, and Liberties thereof; and that Mr. Anjlruther and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Over- Barking seers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of Poor* the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Poor of the said Parish are Very numerous, and are supported and maintained at a great Expence, and that the present Workhouse is too small for their Reception; and that the Method of collecting the Rates for the Relief of the Poor is attended with great Delay, by which Means Losses frequently happen in the Collection; and that the Power of distributing the Money when collected is so general, that the Rates are of late much increased, and become very burthensome to the Petitioners; and that, if the Petitioners were empowered to hire or purchase a convenient Piece of Ground within the said Parish, with Messuages or Tenements^thereon, proper for a Workhouse, or House of Industry, or to build a more convenient Workhouse, or House of Industry, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish, under proper Regulations, the Poor would be much better managed, supported, and maintained, and at a less Sixpence than they are at present; and that, if some Method was provided, for the more speedy Collection and better Distribution of the Money to be raised and collected for the Relief of the said Poor, it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that there are several Charity Estates belonging to the said Parish, confiding of Lands, Hereditaments, and Money in the public Funds, the Trusts of which are expired; and in order to support the said Charity, it is absolutely necessary, that the vacant Trusts should be filled up, and some further Provisions made for regulating and managing the said Charity Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Pawn all, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and American Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Colonies. Address to His Majesty,

Copy

144 23’ Februarii. A. 1775.

Copy of an Act, passed in the Colony of Virginia the 16th April 1684, intituled, "An Act for the better " Preservation of the Peace of Virginia, and prpventing unlawful and treasonable Associations."

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Hat. &c. A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Manuftftore. Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentyfeoond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses u committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, " Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, " Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers " and Journeymen Hot-Preflers, and of all Persons " employed in the said several Manufactures, and for " the better Payment of their Wages," was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Harbord Harbord, Lord Folkestone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Army An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer-Mntiny and tion, and for the better Payment or the Army and their Desertion. Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Massachuset9! Bay, Scc. Reflxi&ion.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, interested in the American Commerce, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are deeply concerned, to observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New , and Colonies of

Conneliicut and Rhode Island, and Providence,

in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Blands in the West Indies, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Restrictions, and for a Time to be limited; and representing to the House, that the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, will, in its Operation, deprive Thousands of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects of their actual Subsistence, and reduce them to extreme Distress, even that of Famine, the said Provinces not generally raising Corn sufficient for their own Support; and by the said Bill they will be prevented from receiving any Supplies from their Sifter Colonies, and precluded from their natural Resource, the Sea; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that very

freat Numbers of Men are bred and employed in the 'ilheries, who, in IJardiness and Intrepidity, are not exceeded by any in this extensive Empire, and may be impelled, by the pressing Calls of Hunger and Want, to such a Conduct as may be productive of Devastation and Blood (bed, which may endanger the Peace and Welfare of that Part of His Majesty’s American Dominions, or be induced to emigrate to the Blands of Miquelon and St. Pierre, there to fish for the French, and give our Rivals the Means of supplying the Markets in Europe, and thereby render it difficult for us to regain thac valuable Branch of Commerce; and that there is now due, from the said Provinces and Colonies,

to the City of London, a very large Sum of Money, and that their Remittances are principally made by Means of the Fisheries,'and consequently the Ruin brought on those Colonies will ultimately fall on Great Britain; nd that amongst the other Grievances of which our Fellow Subjects in Americafo generally complain, is, their being

deprived of Trial by Jury in particular Cafes, and the Extension of the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Courts; which Grievances, the Petitioners with much Concern find, are not only continued, but extended, by the present Bill; and they think it their Duty to represent to the House, that it is their firm Opinion, that the Disquietude, which universally prevails in the Minds of their Fellow Subjects in America, will not be removed, unless lenient Measures are pursued, and their Grievances redrafted: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Phillips, of Liverpool, being offered Phillips’ to be presented to the House; Lightbox

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That His Majesty has been graciously pleased, by His Letters Patent, bearing Date the 5th Day of August 1774, to grant the Petitioner, on certain Rent, a Lease of the Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, for the Term of 50 Years, commencing from the Date of the said Letters Patent, with full and free Liberty, Licence, and Authority, for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses thereon, and to levy, collect, and receive, from all Ships or Vessels parting, or that shall pass, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, or in Sight thereof such Tonnage as therein mentioned, for the Term thereby granted; and that in consequence of the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner hath contrived a Lighthouse of such singular Construction, that the same may at all Times be distinguished from every other Lighthouse in the World, which will, when erected, be of the utmost Importance to the Royal Navy, and to the Trade of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioner hath already expended several Sums of Money in taking Surveys, making Models, purchasing Materials, and in several necessary Works, in order to carry the Purposes of the said Letters Patent into Execution; and representing to the House, that the Term of Years granted by the said Letters Patent is not sufficient to enable him to give such Security to any Person or Persons, who are, and may be, inclined to assist, by advancing Money, to enable him to carry on and complete the said public Undertaking, without which it will be utterly impracticable for the Petitioner to carry the same into Execution: And therefore praying the House to grant him such Relief in the Premises, either by a Perpetuity in them, as granted to the Petitioner by the Letters Patent, or in such other Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exar mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Lord Beauchamp,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Hindoo into further Consideration the Report which was made Election, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, com-3 plaining

V

> 1

i5 Geo. III.

2 3° Febmarii.

*45

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hin don, in the County of Wilts.

And the Two first Iletblutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question feverully put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution:

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majftey, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliamen," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Tiion the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houil.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, " That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the House be moved, for Leave to bring " in a Bill to disfranchise the said Borough of Hindon, in ftthe County of Wilts

Mr. Dttndas moved the House accordingly.

And the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to disfranchise the said Borough of Hindon, in the County of

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incapacitate William Abraham, James Anderson Junior,

James Anderson, Senior, Renal Luke Beckett, Son of Walter Beckett, PIP lipBeckett, Edward Beckett, Secvyer, Reuben Burnett, John Beckett,

John Beckett, Son of William Beckett, Bricklayer, Philip Beckett, Junior, William Brookes, John Beckett, Baker, Benjamin Beckett, John Baldwin, John Beckett, John Bell, John Beckett, Scevyer, Luke Beckett, Edward Beckett, Mason, IV a limn Burnett, William Beckett, William Bye, Senior, Thomas William Bye, Junior, John Beckett, Butcher, Thomas Brookes, John Bowles, Joseph Caffe in the Deane, Joseph

Junior, William Ckivcre'l, Joseph Cholfey, Senior, Samuel Collier, John C/Hvenll, Benjamin Che fey. Junior, thaniel Cuf'e, William Crabb, William Cuffi, Senior, Hedger, Benjamin Choi fey.Senior,

William Cafe, Junior, John Davis, Senior, Davis, Junior, Samuel Daw, John Dewey, John Dukes, Senior, John Dukes, Junior, George Dukes, Matthew Davis, William Day, John Dozvle, Robert Day, William,

Thomas Dukes, James Davis, John Edwards, Labourer, John Edwards, Glazier, Richard Erwood, James Ed-veards, Andrew Far ret t, Samuel Farthing, Thomas Field, Samuel Field, John Gilbert, William Jervoice

Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Jcfepk Gilbert, James Gilbert, John Gam, Jam s Gough, Thomas Harden, Stephen Harding, Taylor, 11 Hii.r I fu her, Holliday

Hart, George IJa'ward, Thomas Howell, William Harding, Cooper, Jo an Hooper, Senior, John Hooper, Ju-Vol. 35.

nior, Henry Huffe, Senior, Henry Junior, Wil- Hinson.

Ham Harden,. Thomas Harden, Taylor, John Harden, E ea,0IL

Taylor, Richard Harden, Taylor, William Harden,

Labourer, Harry Jukes, John Ingram, Junior,

Jerrard, Richard Ingram. Francis hi wan, John Lark-ham, William Lucas, William Lamb, Lamb, James

Lambert, Thomas Lanham, John M.iltfler,

If.iac Moody, Edward Mead, Francis Mead, John

Moore, Thomas Moore, John Merchant, J Moody,

Luke Mead, Luke Marsham, Senior, Luke Junior, John Marsham, Sawyer, Joseph Norton, William Newton, William Nefbick, William Newton, Junior, the Reverend John Nairn, Roger Norton, Joseph Norton,

Samuel Norton, Henry Osborne, John Richard

Pitman, Walter Piercy, James Pierre. William Penny, - '

Ham Piercy, Ed as Pitman, Thomas PEdward Piercy, Nathaniel Phillies, Samuel Phi'/ips, John Randall, Edward Ranger, Francis Ranger, William Ranger, Thomas Richardson, John Ranger, John RiJohn -fame, Robert R.a tiger, William St sevens, Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, James Smart, William Snook, George Spender, Junior, Thomas Stecvens, William Spender, John Steevens, Breeches-maker, Elias Stee(Hag) Edward Shcrgold, George Spender, Matthew Steevens, William Steevens (Hag) George Steevens (Hag) John Steevens,

Senior (Hag) James Steevens (Hag) John Steevens,

Junior (Hag) Thomas Steevens (Hag) Roger Spender,

Charles Sympfom, Robert Small alias Taylor, Elias Steevens,

Son of George, James Steevens, Isaac Savage, Henry Savage, John Steevens, Son of Henry, Thomas Thomas Shergold, Junior, Joseph Scammel, Wiliam Sandle,

William Sandle, Junior, Edward Luke

Thomas Wier, Sawyer, Robert Wier, Labourer,

Weeks, Edward White, Hedger, James Wier, Grocer,

Edward White, Ratcatcher, Robert Wier, Butcher,

Matthew White, Junior, William White, Matthew White,

Senior, Charles Wier, James Wier, Labourer, John William Wier, Thomas Wier, and John Wier, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Dundas,

Mr. By tig, Mr. Elwes, Mr. Vanneck, Mr. Marsh, Mr. Brett, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Filmer Hony-wood, Mr. Wollaston, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Phclips, Mr.

Allen, Mr. Benyon, and Mr. Cary, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant for the making out a new Writ for the clefting Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon, before this Day Month.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ^yfgT } 8+'

Tellers for the Noes, j ylr 7 g

QMr Hopkins:J 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to restrain the Trade and Miflacliufd’j Commerce of the Provinces of and

New Hampshire, and Colonies of and Rhode e ion"

I (land, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the W:Jl Indies -, and to prohibit l'uch Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited; be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned'till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock*

PP

ie

Taunton

Election.

146 240 Februarii. A. 1775.

Veneris, 240 die Februarii;

Anno 15* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of Alexander and John

day, Esquires, and also the Petition of Francis Esquire, Charles ‘Tripp, Josiah , George Williams,

George Musgrave, Thomas Grove, Thomas Pope, John

Clitfome, Apothecary, and others, Inhabitants of, and Eletftors of Members to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, in Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants and Electors of the same Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the honourable Edward Stratford, and Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the loth and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 116 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Alexander Popham, Esquire, his Coun-fel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said John Holliday, Esquire, and of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Sclect Committee attending also at the Bar:

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration. And the feme being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Outside of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 23d Day of February " 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed " by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of " His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate " the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns cf " Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were " by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into " the said Box on the 23d Day of February 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew’ out of the said Six dalles, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the honourable Thomas Howard being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioners; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was let aside.

And the Names of other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other. Members, then present, were drawn and let aside, with th Names of those who were absent from the 1 Ioufe, on Account of their being Members against whole; Returns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members fe> drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members were called upon by Mr. Speaker to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whole Names had n :t been drawm, to be added to those cholen by Lot to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named I»rd Viscount Lijburne, who did not require to be extuled from serving on the said SeieCl Committee, and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Fo-ty-nine Members, to drawn, and not excused, or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the said Mr. Popham, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said SeieCl Committee, immediately withdrew.

A Petition of the Moll noble Duke of Beaufort, Welsh the Right honourable Other Hickman Karl of Plymouth, School, the Right honourable Richard Lord and the

humble Petition of Sir Watkin Williams Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir William Bagot, Baronets,

Thomas Powell and Thomas Lloyd, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Governors, the Treasurer and Trustees of the School, and of several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prdented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That, about the Year 171S, several Gentlemen, Natives of the Principality of Wales, finding that many Children of the laborious and poorer Sort of their Countrymen, in and about London, had no Parochial Settlement, by reason whereof, and of the indigent Circumstances of their Parents, such Children were deprived of the Benefit of that Instruction in the Principles of Religion, the early Impresslon of which upon tender Minds affords the bell Assurances ot their future Welfare, considered either as to the particular Situation intended for them, or as Members of the Community at large, formed themselves into a Society, by the Name of " Ancient Britoisand entered into a voluntary Subscription, for the establishing and supporting a School, to educate, cloatli, and put forth Apprentice, or otherwise qualify for Employment, the poor Children born of Weish Parents, in or near London, not having a Parochial Settlement $ and that the Society, having thus laid the Foundation, proceeded to the Execution of their laudable Design; and many well-disposed Persons have been from Time to Time induced to promote it, by annual Subscriptions and occasional Benefactions, whereby many Hundreds of helpless Children have found present Relief, and have been qualified to become useful Members of the Community; and that the Society, finding the School IIoulc, formerly erected upon too

final 1 lor an Extension of the Charity, did, about the Year 1771, pure hale the Freehold and Inheritance of

a Piece.

Ik Geo. III. 240 Februarii. 147

a Piece of Ground, in the Parish of,

born, near the EaR Side of the Foundling upon which they have, at a very considerable Expence, erected a spacious Building, by the Name of the IVclJh School; and have furnished and made the same fit and commodious for the Residence of a Master, MiRrefs, and proper Act Hants, and for the Reception, Maintenance, and Education, of a certain Number of Children; and that the Number at present cloathed and educated are 42 Boys and 14 Girls, 28 of whom are Residents in the School, and provided with all Necessaries, subject to the Direction and Management of Trustees, chosen annually out of the Subscribers to the Charity; and that his Royal Mighnels George Prince of /Tales has honoured the said Charity with his Patronage, and was for a considerable Time before the Building of the said School, and Hill is, a very liberal liencfador, which happily has given Rife to that generous Aid which many of the Nobility and Gentry have favoured it with; and that the Petitioners conceive, if the Society were governed under lbme permanent Regulation, eHablished by Law, it might eventually contribute to extend the Charity, by making it more generally known, induce well-dispoted Persons to promote it with Donations or BequeHs, and such Donations and BequeHs might with greater Ease be received, recovered, accounted for, and applied, than at present can be done: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill far incorporating the said Society, by such Name or Description, and subject to such Powers and Regulations, for the eHa-blishing, promoting, preserving, and well governing, of the said Charity, as the House Hull think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Williams , Mr. Van, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ratnfey, &c. A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Drainage. of pen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, lying in the several Parishes of Bury, Warboys,

Somersham, Colne, and Pidley Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddinpon, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, containing 14,000 Acres, or thereabouts, which, as well from the Lowness of their Situation, and the Want of proper Drains and Ejigines to carry olf the Water, as from llie Want of proper Banks, are generally overflowed, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and the Public in general; and that the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, are capable of considerable Improvement, if the same were properly drained and embanked; and that several Acts of Parliament have been heretofore made, for draining and preserving Part oft he laid Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, but that the same have not been found luffi-cient and effectual for that Puqiofe: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and embanking the said Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, under such Regulations and Provisions as to the House shall lecm meet, and also for repealing the Whole or such Parts of the said Acts of Parliament now in being, relating to the said Lands, as fnali i’ecm necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C >nfi.h ration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Vot. 35.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Ludlow, Sir John Hynde Cotton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bedford thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands lying in ^evcl, &c* the North Level of the Fens, commonly called Bed- raiRaSe» ford Level, and in the Manor of adjoining

thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting Part of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of King George the Second, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fer.s, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level,

Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money, to oi'.’-charge the Proportion of the said North Level trom the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; and letting forth, That the Taxes of One Shilling for ever}' Acre charged upon the said Lands by the said Act for Four Years, and of Six Pence per Acre, wherewith the same have been yearly afielled ever since, have proved insufficient to support the general Works of Draining, towards which the same were dirt-died to be applied by the said Act, and a considerable Debt hath been incurred on Account of such Works, which the Commissioners will not be able to discharge, and to carry on and preserve such Works, unless they are enabled to raise more Money on the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands than the said yearly Sum of Six Pence per Acre; and it will be for the Benefit of the Proprietors of all the said Lands and the Petitioners, that all the said Lands should beafleffed with a further Tax for Three Years, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the North Bank of Moretons Leame, the EaR Bank of Cor dyke, and the EaR and WeR Banks of the Folly Drain, other Works necessary for the draining and preserving the said North Level, and the said Lands thereto adjoining, besides those to which the said Taxes were directed to be applied by the said Act, are subject to Damages and Breaches in very wet Seasons, and the Funds provided for the Repair and Support thereof have proved ineffectual for that Purpose; and it will be for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Lands intended to be drained by the said Act, that Power should be given to rate and assess all the Lands within the said Five DiRridts, except as in the said Act is excepted, with a Tax for One Year towards the Support of the said Banks: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of the said Act of the 27th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to charge and assess the Owners or Occupiers of all the Lands in the said North Level, intended to be drained by the said Act, except as in the said Act is excepted, for the Space of Three Years, by and with further equal and proportionable yearly Rates or Taxes, over and besides the Sum of Six Pence per Acre, with which they are already empowered to charge and assess the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands under the said Act, not exceeding a certain yearly Sum per Acre, to be ascertained by the said Bill, the Money raised thereby to be applied to discharge the Debt incurred on Account of, and to the completing and preserving, the general Works to which the said Taxes were directed to be applied by the said Act, and

also

Wolverley,

See,

Inclosure.

Long

Itchington,

Sec.

Inclosure.

Stourbridge

Canal.

148 240 Februarit. 1775*

also to charge and assess the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands, except as aforesaid, in like Manner with a Tax for One Year, to be applied in repairing the said Banks of Moretons Leame, Cor dyke, and the Folly Drain, in case of Damage or Breach therein, or in fcowering out Moreton's Leame, and embanking the Wufte Lands adjoining to the fame, and to empower the said Commissioners to charge and alless the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands called Portsafid, in the Manor of Crozvland, which lie more remote from the said principal Works, with Half the Taxes wherewith the said other Lands shall be charged and addled.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred- to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to- Sir John Hynde Coiton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of IVoherley, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wroitejley, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, Commons, Tithes, and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places of Long Uchington and Bafcote, in the Parish of Long Itchington aforesaid, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested in the said Open and' Common Fields, and Commonable Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are seised or possessed of several Lands and Estates, in the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, which lie intermixed and dif-perfect over the said Fields, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Places, of Long Itching-ton and Bafcote aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem most meet and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John JVrottesley, Mr. Skipwith, and Sir Charles Holte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that a Cut, or Canal, from or near the said Town of Stourbridge, throueh the Parishes of Old Szuinford, King Swinford, and Khfare, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester respectively, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation already made between the Rivers Severn and Trent, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also a collateral Cm, or Branch, out of the said proposed Canal, from the said Town of Stourbridge, through the said Parish

of King Swinford, to a Place called The Fens, Parct*! of Penfnet Chafe, in the said Parish of King Swinford; and also One other collateral Cut, through other Part of the said Parish of King Szuinford, to certain Collieries called The Moors, and from thence to or near a Place called Bagues Glass Hdnfes, in Brettcll Lane, in the said Parish of King Swinford. and so on through other Part of the said Parish of King Swinford, to or near a certain Place called The Level, other Parcel or the said Penfnet Chafe, may be conveniently made, for the Navigation of Boats and other Vefteis with heavy Burl hens; and that there are large and extensive Manufactures of Iron, Glaft, Woollen Cloths, and Earthen Wares, as also other Branches of Trade, carried on in and near the said Town of Stourbridge, and also considerable Mines of Coal, Iron, Si- r.e, Glass House Pot Clay, and Fire Brick Clay, lying near to the said Town, and to the said proposed Canal and collateral Cuts, which, by Means of such Canal and Cuts, and of Rail Ways to communicate between the said Mines and collateral Cuts, may be conveyed in a more easy and commodious Manner, and at a cheaper Rate, from the said Town and Neighbourhood, to the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and the interior Parts of the Kingdom; and by Means thereof, the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, will be better supplied with Coals than at present, and large Quantities of raw Materials used in the said Mitnufeftuirs, as also Grain, Flour, and Merchandizes, v iii be brought and vended at a cheaper Kate: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such navigable Cut, or Canal, and collateral Cuts, with such Powers and Piovifons, and subject. to such Regulations and Rest rift ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottejhy, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Leftees, Occupiers, and Owners, of a certain Inclosure, called Stratford Place, was preferred to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is a certain Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground, lately called The Banqueting House Ground, and now called Stratford Place, situate on the North Side of Oxford Street, and on the West Side of Mary Bone Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the County of Middlesex, which Piece or Parcel of Ground is now held by the Petitioners, or some of them, under a Grant from the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of London; and that the said Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground is the sole Property of the Petitioners; and there is not now, nor ever was, any public Highway, Street, Lane, Footpath, or Passage, in, over, or through, the fame, or any Part thereof; and that the Petitioners have resolved to build, and are now building, several Houses, Mews, and other Edifices, within the said Inclosure, and are desirous of having and keeping the said Place properly paved, lighted, cleansed, watered, watched, fenced in, and embeilished, under their own Care and Management, and at their own private Expence, by equal and reasonable AftelTments among themselves; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration

Stratford

Place

(Mary-Ic-

bon)

Paving,

15 Geo. III. 240 Februarii. 149

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Elwes, Sir George &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

High gate A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of (Middlesex) the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Nightly was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, watc , Sec. That the said Hamlet is very populous, and, from its Situation exposed to frequent Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages; and that the great Northern Road leads through the said Hamlet; and it would be a great Convenience to Travellers, and Security to the Petitioners, if the said Hamlet was properly lighted and watched: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. General Fitzroy, &c.; And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

. The Lord Cliewton reported from the Committee, to

P Canal. whom the Petition of Sir Nigel Grejley, Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Esquire, Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir Nigel Grejley, and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of under

Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, whose Names are subscribed, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Parties, through whose Lands the Canal is intended to be carried, have consented thereto, except the Proprietor of 6 Chains and 10 Links in Length; and that the whole Length of the Canal will be 288 Chains and 6 Links, or thereabouts; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Robert Williamson,a Surveyor, informed your Committee, That he had surveyed the Trad intended for a Cut or Canal from Sir Coal Mines, by

Chestert on and Holditch, to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne-, and he explained the Plan annexed to the Petition, and said, he apprehends the Sum mentioned in the Estimate, also thereunto annexed, will complete the Works.

Mr. John Sparrozv being examined, laid. That the proposed Canal will be of great Advantage to the Town of Newcastle, by reducing the Price of Coals very considerably.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Nigel Grejley, Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in in the County of Stafford, to Newcastle under Lyne: And that the I^ord Cheivton, Sir George Hay, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Wrtderkom'f A Petition of Margaret now Margaret

derbttrn, was presented to the House, and read; praying Vox.. 35-

That Leave may be given to brin£ in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Captain Joknstone and Mr. Serjeant Adair do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of some of the Trustees of an Act, North Shield* palfed in the last Session of Parliament, to enlarge the Ro*d. Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 22d Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That some Mistakes were made, in adjusting the Tolls laid by the said Act, prejudicial to the said Road, and apprehend it may be necessary to make some other and further Alterations in the said Acts, for the Benefit of the Road and Accommodation of Travellers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as shall leem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, and eh,* others, living in the several Parishes, Hamlets,- and Small Debt*. Places following; that is to say, Pinchbeck, Spalding, fVeston, Moulton, tVhaptoad, Whapload Drove,

Holbeach'Drove, Fleet Gedney, Gedney Sutton Saint Mary's Lutton, otherwise Sutton Saint Nicholas, Sutton Saint Jamei, Sutton Saint Edmund's, Tyd Saint Mary's,

Cowbitt, Peakill, Crowland, and Great and Little Porfand, otherwise Pojlland, within the Hundred of Elloe, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth. That, in the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Business, Trade, and Commerce, as well in the inland Parts thereof, as upon the River Welland, which runs through a principal Part of the same to the Sea, which employ several thousand People, many of whom contract small Debts, amounting in the Whole to a large Sum of Money yearly; and although well able to pay the same, they often refuse lb to do, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie under from the Expences they are unavoidably put to, in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards of 40 Miles distant from any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places; and that, if there were an ealy and foeedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes, Hamlets, and Places aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them,.to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr.

Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Gregour Drummond, of Hounslow, Esquire, Drummond'* Captain and Adjutant of the Westminster Regiment (Gregour) of Militia for the County of Middlesex, was presented -Name, to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Anno 1633, intituled, " Act anent the Clan Gregour," the Clan or Q People

ico 240 Februarii. A. 1775.

People of the Nlme of , or Gregour, were

lequired to give Security to the Privy Council of Scotland, for their good Behaviour, under certain Penalties, and were ordered to take another Name; and all Clergymen were prohibited to baptize any Male Child by the Name of Gregour; and all Notaries and Clerks were discharged from writing or subscribing any Bond or Security, under the Name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour; and that this Act made against the Clan Gregour was repealed by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Anno 1661; and revived by another A Anno 1693; and that the Petitioner’s Ancestors, and the'Ancestors of many others who bore the Name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, gave Obedience to the Law, by assuming other Names, and the Petitioner and many others now bear the Names that were so assumed; and that the Causes indu&ive of the Acts for suppressing the Name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour are now little known, and have long ago cealed; and the Acts being incapable of Execution ever since the Powers of the Privy Council of Scotland were abolished, many Persons, considering the Acts to be in effect and for the most Part obsolete, do now use the Name of Mac Gregour; and that the Petitioner and his Family, and many others for whom he acts in this Matter, have found disagreeable Inconveniencies arising to them from the said proferibing Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, particularly by being disabled, and apprehending themselves disabled, thereby from suing and defending in their own true Names in Courts of Law and Justice in North Britain; and arq desirous to be relieved from those Proscriptions, to be put on the same Footing with His Majesty’s other Subjects, and to re-assume the Real Name of their Ancestors and Families; but, being unwilling so to do while there is the Appearance of a legal Prohibition against them, and for as much as they cannot be fully relieved but by the Authority of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be giyen to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Anno 1633, and the said other Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Anno 1693, f° for as those Acts do affect the People called Mac Gregours, and to revive the said other Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made Anno 1661.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergufou, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are. to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock,-in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

American The Lord North presented to the House, by His Colonies. Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. Ext rad of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 18th January 1775: Received 20th February: And also, N° 2. Extract of a Letter from Governor to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New Hampjlnre, 28th December 1774: Received 20th February 1775: And

also,

N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Ditto to Ditto, dated 14th January 1775: Received 20th February, in-doling,

N° 4. Copy of Proclamation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 21st 1775:

Received 22d; incfosing,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Graves to Mr- Stephens, dated 8 th January *775-

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Governor Wentworth

to Vice Admiral Graves, dated 20th December

1774-

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Captain to

Vice Admiral Graves, dated 20 th December

1774-

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Governor IVcut worth to Vice Admiral Graves, dated 30th December

1774*

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Captain Wallace to Vice Admiral Graves, dated 13

*774- .

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Captain Wallace

to Governor Wanton, dated 15 December 1774.

N° 12. Copy of a Lettet from Vice Admiral Graves to Mr. Stephens, dated 13 January 177 5-

N° 13. Proceedings at a Meeting of Deputies appointed by the several Counties of Maryland, at Annapolis, from 8 to 12 December 1774; extraded front the Maryland Gazette: Received from Robert Eden, Esquire, Deputy Governor of the said Province, 17 February 1775.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January lad, and the ift and 13th Days of this Inftunt February, by His Majesty’s Command.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that the honourable ! Thomas Shirley, who has petitioned this House, com- Eieau®. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, desires to withdraw his said Petition:

And AlexanderPopham, Esquire, the Petitioner before- Taunto* mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, Election. together with she Clerk appointed to attend the said.

Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the.Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part ,06 the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said-Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the-Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts lo Itruck, together with Lift of the Members then remaining unftruclc; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Frederic Montagu, Esquire, Abe Smith, Esquire, Sir James Pennymau, Baronet, Herbert Esquire,

the honourable Charles. Marfuam, Sir I Vat kin Williams Wynn, Baronet, Beaumont Hot ham, Esquire, Sir Henry Bridgman, Baronet, Francis Annejley, Esquire, Sir Bagot, Baronet, ChrijhpherGriffith, Esquire, Jacob With-

infon, Esquire, Anthony James Keck, Esquire.

And the Names of the honourable Thomas Howard and Lord Viscount Li/burne, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Alexander Popham and John Halliday, Esquires, and also the Petition of Francis Folaquier, Esquire, Charles Tripp, Josiah Peacock, George Williams, George Mujgrave, Thomas Grove, Thomas Pope,

John Clitfome, Apothecary, and others, inhabitants and Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, in Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants and Eletftors of the same Borough, complaining of an undue

Election

4 .

15 Geo. III.- 240 Februarii. 151

Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Alexander " and John Hall, Esquires, and also of the Petition of Francis Esquire, Charles

ripp, Josiah George George

" Musgrave, Thomas Grove, Thomas Pope, John Clitfome, Apothecary, and others. Inhabitants " of, and Electors of Members to serv^ in Parliament for, the Borough of Taunton, in the " County of Somerset, in Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants and Electors of the same Borough, referred to you j and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence,

'* So help you God."

And the said Petitioner, Alexander Popham, Esquire* with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

upon^Hull Ordered, That the Order made upon Monday last, Election, for taking the Petition of the honourable Thomas Shirley into Consideration upon Friday the 10th Day of March next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Shirley have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Doorthey were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen; and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council

assembled.

And then they withdrew.

Mafladnifet's And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That Bay, itc. although the Petitioners bear all due Respect to the Relitidtion. j>piiCy of those Acts of Parliament, which have anciently preferred to Great Britain a necessary and beneficial Share of Commerce with our Colonies, yet they are exceedingly alarmed at the Consequences that mull ensue, if the Bill, now depending, to restrain the Trade and Commerce of Massacs Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies-, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of or other

Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited, should pafsintoa Law; and that the said Bill, as the Petitioners conceive, is unjustly founded, becaul'e it involves the whole, in the Punishment intended for the supposed Offences of a few; and that it mull, in its Consequences, overwhelm Thousands of His Majesty's loyal and useful Subjects with the utmost Poverty and Distress, in as much as they will be thereby deprived of the Fisheries which are the natural Means of supporting themselves and Families; and that the extensive Commerce between Great Britain and her Colonies will by this Bill be greatly injured, as a capital Source of Remittance will be Hopped, which will not only disconncfl the future Commercial Intercourse between those Colonies and this Country, but it will eventually render them incapable of paying the large Debts already due to the Merchants of this City; and that the utmost Confusion will probably ensue, from enforcing this Bill, if passed into a Law, as it cannot be suppoted that a great Number of Men, naturally hardy and brave, will quietly submit to a Law which will reduce them almost to Famine, they not having within themselves Provisions sufficient for their Subsistence; and that it will induce the French to extend their Vol 35.

h

j;

Fisheries, and by that Means encrease the Wealth and Strength of our Rivals in Trade, to the great Prejudice of this Country; and that the Petitioners feel for the many Hardthips which their Fellow Subjects in America already labour under, from the Execution of several late Acts of Parliament, evidently partial and oppressive, and which leem to be extended and continued by this Bill' in as much as it confirms those Acts which in particular Cafes deprive the American Subject of Trial by Jury, prohibits the Inhabitants from carrying Provisions from one Colony to another, invites a Contraband Trade under military Protections, prevents any Subject of Great Britain or Ireland from being Part Owner of certain American Ships or Vessels, and veils an undue and dangerous Authority in the Governor and Council of MassachuJjet's Bay: And therefore praying the House,

That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

s *

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they svere called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Reciting Two Acts; ^OB.doB passed in the Sixth and Eighth Years of the Reign of itridc^etl His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, and enlight- prcci0a, ening, the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes; and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and setting forth.

That, by a Clause in the said Act, the Ad, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was repealed; and that the Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act have been found of great Utility, but that some further Provisions and Amendments are necessary, in order to carry the good Purposes thereby intended effectually into Execution; and repre-fenting to the House, that there is no Power given, b^ the said Act, to pave, cleanse, or light, that Part of the great Street leading from Fleet Street to Black Friars Bridge, which lies within Bridewell Prccind, or any other Part of the said Precind, nor to rate or afleti the Occupiers of Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the same, towards the Rate consolidated by the said Act of the Eleventh of His present Majesty’s Reign:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual tho, said Act, and to empower the Commissioners under the said Act, to pave, cleanse, and light, the said Street, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr.

Alderman Sawbridge, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that the Evidence of Leave to give John Benson, one of the Clerks attending this House, is Evidence, necessary, on the Hearing of a Cause depending between Coje Raphael, an Armenian Merchant, and Richard Smith and Harry Ferelft, F.squires, in the Court of Common

i^pooie

152 240 — 270 Februarii. A. 1775*

thon Pleas, and which Cause is to be heard on Monday next;

Ordered, That the said John have Leave to

attend, on the Hearing of the said Cause, with the Minutes of the Evidence taken by him before the Select Committee, appointed in the Year 1772, to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies.

M3ut& Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, accord-Pay and ing to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Clothing. pay amj C|0thing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

American The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Colonies, import from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the 1 ft and 15 th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, 4ipon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ma&cWet’s The other Order of the Day being read, for the ^econ<^ Reding of the Bill to restrain the Trade and on* Commerce of the Provinces of Bay and

New Hampshire, and Colonies of ConneElicut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the W Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited;

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, interested in the American Commerce, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and also the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, this Day presented to the House; and which Petitions were then ordered tp lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; might be again read;

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, interested in the American Commerce, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit the Petitioners to be heard 2

by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Colonel Livingstone have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House.

A Petition of the Heretors, Justices of Peace, and Argyll Commissioners of the Land 'lax, for the County of &0*1* *« Argyll, in North Britain, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Powers granted by Law, in Scotland, relative to Highways and Bridges, have been found, by Experience, insufficient to make, amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads and Bridges within the Shire of; and that other and further Powers arc necessary, in order effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, maintaining, and repairing, the Highways and Bridges in the said Shire of Argyll. _

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Livingstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 2 70 die Februarii.

Anno 15* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

P* A Y ER S.

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of and Brinflfy, Ac,

the humble Petition of John Tomliufon, Freeholders Inclosure. in the Township or Hamlet of Brinsley, in the Parish of Greajley, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Township or Ilamlet, certain Commons and Common Meadows, called Brinsley Common,

Common, The MejneMeadow, and The Towns Meadoiv,

containing together, in the Whole, 300 Acres or thereabouts, which, if divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Common Meadows, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of Lincoln and Lord Edward Bentinch do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable Nathaniel Lord Bonsall, Ac Scarjdale, and the humble Petition of Gell, Ef- Indofore.

quire, Adam Simpson, Gentleman, John Tu'igg, Gentle-

man, and others. Freeholders and Copyholders of certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Pa-

ri(he$

v

J

15 Geo. III. 27° J^ruarii. 153

fifties of Bonsall and Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, called Bonsall Common, the Over Dale-,

the Grange Dale, and Moor, containing together in the Whole 800 Acres, or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Tha!t, if the said Common or Pieces of Waste Ground were divided and inclosed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons or Pieces of Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Lord Bichard Cavendish, and Mr. Curzon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

I , ’ .

Old A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen', and Stratford, others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road Road from Old Stratford, in the County of , to

Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Acts have been passed, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the 1 xth Year of King George the First, and in the xoth, 13th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the said Road; and that Four full Tolls are paid by Travellers passing along the Whole of the said Road, which is in Length about 29 Miles, which Tolls, the Petitioners are informed, amount annually to £. 2,600, or thereabouts; and that the said Road having been made Turnpike a great many Years, they presume that, if the Money collected at the Toll Gates had been properly applied, it ought before this Time to have been completely formed and repaired, and to have been brought into such a State as to require but little Labour or Expence to maintain and keep it in perfect Repair; and that, on the contrary, the said Road is now in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts not safe for Passengers and Carriages; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Road was pro*-perly formed and repaired, under the Direction of a skilful and trusty Surveyor, an Income much less than the present would, under proper Management, be sufficient to keep it in very complete Repair, which would be of great public Utility, the said Road being a Part of the great Poll Road between London and Chester, and also opening a Communication from London to Birmingham, and many other great trading Towns in the Midland Part of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, That an Enquiry may be made into the Management of the said Trust, and the Application of the Money arising by the Tolls, and proper Provisions made for the effectual Repair and Support of the said Road, and the future good Management thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Sir John tefley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. Another Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick: And also,

Ditto. Another Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick: And also,

Ditto. Another Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Vol. 35.

and 'other^, residing near, of freqtierttly travelling, the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Wirwick;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

1

A Petition of the Inhabitants and'Owners of Houses Stockport and Lands, within the Town and Township of Stocks ^treetSj &c‘ port,'in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Stockport is very populous, and a Place of great,

Trade arid Business, and the Inhabitants thereof, and Persons retorting thereto, suffer great Inconveniencies, for Want of the same being properly lighted; and that the' great public Road from Mancheft'er and other ad.-jacerit /towns, to the Metropolis, lies through th£

Town of Stockport; and that several Streets and Paf-

sages within the said Town, through which the said public Road runs, are too narrow, and are very in-conimodious; and that,' if Powers were given to light the said Town; and remove Obstructions, Projections,

Nuirances, and Annoyances, therein, and to widen and enlaige the said narrow Streets and Passages, and to pufehafe such' Houses, Buildings, and Grounds, as may be necefikry for that Purpose, and also to make Rates and Assessments 6n the Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Town and Township, for defraying the Expences attending the Execution of such Powers; it would tend grtatly to the Safety, Convenience,- and Advantage, of, the'Petitioners, and of all Persons re-lorting to, and travelling through, the said Town: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for promoting and carrying into Execution a Design so useful and beneficial to the Inhabitants and Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands within the said Town and Township of Stockport in particular, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fid era tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Crew, &c. 1 And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Beacoiufield, cution Three Acts, one passed in the Fifth Year of his *c-

Majesty King George the First, and the others in the Roa *

Ninth and Thirty-third Years of, his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchitrch, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Acts have been continued to be put in Execution,' in doing of which a considerable Debt has been contracted, and the Road has been greatly amended; and that, from the Smallness of the Toll, and for other Reasons, the said Road cannot be perfected and kept in Repair, and the Money due, with the Interest, be repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, and some further Powers and Regulations given: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the laid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Waller, Sir George Corne-zvall. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Rr at

,154 .‘47 ^JRebmiimA. 1775.

at Nine of the Clock, in the.. Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Pencils, Papers, and Re+ cords.

1 ? ’ 1 Flegg . Sir Edward. Act ley reported ftqpythe Committee, to Poor. whom the Petition of ^he Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Tithes, and Hereditaments, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others chargeable with, and contributing to, the Relief and Maintenance of the , Poor, within the Hundreds of and in

the County of Norfolk, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Mattej of the said Petition.} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;. and he read the Report, in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read } and is as followeth; viz.

To prpve the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. 'Thomas Clowes, being examined, said, That the Popr are considerably encreased within the Parishe?of the said Hundreds; that Seven Years ago he took an Account of the Average Expence of maintaining the Poor within the said Hundreds for Seven Years preceding that Time, which amounted to about £.,700 a Year; that about Two Months ago he took the like Account for tlje last Seven Years, and finds that the Sixpence is about £. 1,150.-7-And beipg^asked^ To^h^t that Increase was owing ? he said, To various, Causes; — that or late it has become a Practice for poor Persons to keep their Children at home in fdleness. — And being asked. If :the Encrease of the Rates did not arise from the.Dearness of Provisions ? he laid. That, certainly, was one Reason. — "And being farther examined, he laid, That many industrious Poor, and the Old and Infirm, suffer great Hardtbips from the present Mode bf taking Care of them} and that, if the Poor were put under proper Government, and a Place provided for their Reception, the Infirm would ,be more effectually relieved, and the able and industrious better employed, and contribute to the Support of each:other; that the Children of the poor People are not taught to refid; that there is a Foundation at where even

the parents will not fend their Children; that the Number of Children on the Foundation (which he believes is. Twenty) is seldom full; that some few are employed in.Spinning; but that there arc more who pais their Time in Play and Idleness.

Being asked, Whether the Children were kept more in Idleness than they used to be ? he said, he believed so, because poor Persons, with Four or Five Children, more frequently apply for Relief than formerly; that the Price of Labour is in some Instances encrealed within the last Four or Five Years, particularly in Day Work, from is. to 14 d.in' general, and in some Cales to 18 d. — And being asked, In what Cafes it is raised to 18 d.? he said. In Harvest Work, mowing Clover, Marsh Work, Coldeed Work, and various other Works; that the Price of Wheat about Seven Years ago was ao s.a Coomb, and for some Time past has been at an Average of 25*. a Coomb; that if the Old and Infirm are put into the Poor House, they are placed without proper Assistance, and have very poor Support from their Parishes; that the Officers do not allow more than 3 s. a Week for a Man and his Wife who are incapable of Work, but that the Parishes pay for House Rent and Fuel; that the Size and State of the Rooms where they are placed is very bad; that some times more than one Man and his Wife are lodged in one Room; that he has known a Man and his Wife put into a Room with another Family with Children, ' some of whom were 16 Years old, laying in the same Bed with their Father and Mother; that the Floor of titc Rooms arc Brick, and sometimes only Clay; that there are Twenty Parishes within the Two Hundreds,

and in most of them there are Houses for the Reception of the Poor; that the Houses are all in a miserable Condition, but that some of them are better than others; that he does not know what the Rack Rents of the Parishes are; that he lives at , and

occupies a Farm at Caister, of £.210 a Year, which he has held for one Year, and paid one Half Year about £. 7,.and the other Half Year about .9, for the Poors Rate.

The Witness being further asked, If the poor People are able to work, why they are sent to the Houses ? he said. If they apply for Relief, they are sent; that they relieve them, in case of Sickness, out of the House occasionally; that he knew they did at Owlton Poor House; that hp had l'pen several Orders in their Books, of temporary Relief out of the House; that he never saw their Bye Laws, nor did he ever hear they had any Bye Law to restrain giving Relief to Persons out of the House; that he has been at House of

Industry; that he.does not know any thing of relieving poor Persons put of that House; that he was there in January last, when he enquired as to the Health of the Poor, and was told they were remarkably well; that he went into the Mens Infirmary, and found an old Man dying, and Two, Women attending him; that he thinks he was the only lick Perl'on in the Infirmary; that the Room was warm, and was kept very still; that the Apartments were clean and commodious; that their DrelTes were clean and tight; that the poor Persons appeared very happy and eal'y in their Situation; and that there were separate Rooms for the married Persons.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Raft and West Flegg, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Coke, Mr.

Milles, and Mr. Anson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Clarke Esquire, heretofore called John Plomer, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take

and bear the Surname and Arms of Clarke, pursuant to }he Will of Richard CLirke, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Daniel Henry Rucker, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Darker and Mr. Fowys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Younger and George was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Manchester is a large and populous Town; that great Numbers of Persons of considerable Property reside in it, and in the Neighbourhood, who are desirous of having a Theatre there, under proper Regulations; and that the Petitioners are Lelfecs of a Building very proper and conveniently situated to be made Ule of for Theatrical Representations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Petitioners a Patent for the Use of the said Building as a Theatre.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Sir Thomas

tvu,

Plomer’j

Name.

Rocker*#

NaL

Manchester

Theatre.

i5.pEO.III. 270 Februafiu 155

ton, &c.:' - And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clpck, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ' -

Ditto, A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a licensed Playhouse in the said Town would be of great Convenience to the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent to Richard Oliverof aforesaid. Gen-

tleman, his Heifs and Assigns, for establishing a Theatre, or Play house, within the said Town of

chester, entitled to the Privileges, and subject to the Regulations,' to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is entitled and subject. ’

Ordered, That the said Petition be-referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition-is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition,; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them/to the House.

Peebles and A Petition of the Right honourable James Montgo-

Edinburgh mery^.His Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland, on Behalf

Roads. himself and the other Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Adfc,. made in the 26th. Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the several Roads in the " County of Peebles, leading from Tweedfcross towards " the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, " and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops, and from " Ingleston, through Carlops, until all the said Roads " join the Limits. of the County of Edinburgh," was presented to the House, and read-'; Setting forth, That the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the said Roads tobe repaired, so far as the Monies collected or borrowed enable them to repair the lame; but find- the said Roads cannot be fully repaired, and kept in Repair, unletk the Term of the - said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the' House shall seem proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the r Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Lyon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bengworth Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according

Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bengworth, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Worcester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of the Right honourable William Dowdejivell, deceased.

Aberdeen A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town

Streets, &c. Council, of the City of Aberdeen, in Britain,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the City of Aberdeen has of late Years greatly en-Vot. 35.

crealed in Buildings and Inhabitants; and it would be greatly for the Accommodation and Safety of the Inhabitants, and of all Persons retorting to the said City, if the Avenues, Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, were sufficiently paved, lighted, and cleaned, and the City better supplied with fresh Water, and Encroachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions, were removed and prevented for the future, and a proper and well-regulated Nightly Watch established therein, and all Persons whatsoever, within the said City, prohibited -from keeping, at any one Time, in their Houses,

Shops, or Warehoulcs, more than a certain’Quantity of Gunpowder, and the Petitioners and their Successors in Office were vested with proper Powers for regulating all Matters and Things relative to the Premises; but, as the said useful and salutary Purposes (for Want of proper Powers and a sufficient Fund to pay the Expence thereof) cannot be accomplished without the Authority of Parliament: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mri Living stone, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow .-

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sampson Swaine, the Elder, of the Swaine’* Parish of St. Agnes, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read'; Setting forth, That, in 1762, His present Majesty granted to the Petitioner His Letters Patent, for the Application of Smelting Furnaces to a Fire Engine for draining Mines, as de-feribed in the said Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner has been at great Expence, Labbur, and Pains, in contriving, erecting, and supporting, the said Fur-maces, and which have been proved to be very useful; and that certain Persons, convinced of the Utility of the said Invention, are willing and delirous of carrying on the said Smelting Furnaces, on the Principle contrived and designed by the Petitioner,’and to make him a Compensation for his said Invention, in case the same can be secured for a further Term of Years: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor enlarging the Term granted by the said Letters Patent, for securing to the Petitioner and his Assigns the Benefit of the said Invention, for such a further Term as the House shall think proper, and as it shall appear he deserves. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Langlois, Sir Edward Aftley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers Sl Pa*}, of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of St. Paul, Covent-Gar-

CoventGarden, in the Liberty of and "en* oor, liC'

County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and arc supported and maintained at a great Expence; and that the present Workhouse is too small for their Reception; and that, if the Petitioners were empowered to hire or purchase a convenient Piece of Ground, to build a more convenient Workhouse thereon, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish, under proper Regulations, the Poor would be much better

managed

*5* a70 Februarii, . 1775.

managed and supported, and be likewise maintained at a less Expence than they are at present: And therefore . praying. That Leave {nay be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Whitworth., tec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Yarmouth A Bill for amending and widening the Road leading Bridge to from Tarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South *nau?11 <r°wn' otherwise Little Yarmouth, to in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. De Grey,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Drainage *° w^om the Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of certain Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Wi/bec Saint Peter's and Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wijbecli and Wijbeck Guyhirn, in the Me of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Emerson Harrison produced to your Committee a Plan of the Lands and Grounds proposed to be drained and improved; and being examined, laid. That he knows the said Lands and Grounds; that they contain in the Whole 17,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and are much annoyed with Waters for Want of a proper Drainage; and that, if the same were to be effectually drained, great Benefit would accrue to the Owners and Proprietors thereof, as well as to the Public.

And the Witness added. That the said Lands and Grounds are very capable of being drained and improved.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Wi/bech Saint Peter's and Wi/bech Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wi/bech Murrow and Wi/bech Guyhirn, in the lile of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Samp-Jon Gideon, and Mr. Wyldbore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Knapwell A Petition of Wright Squire, Esquire, was presented Inclosure. to the I louse, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of in the

bounty of Cambridge; and that the Petitioner’s Lands and Grounds, and the Lands and Grounds of other Persons in the said Open and Common Fields, lying intermixed and dispersed, are, in their present Situation, incapable of the bell Improvement; and it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioner and the other Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to 1

bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, in the said Parish of Knapwell.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition t And that Sir John Hynde Cotton and Sir Samp/Gideon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Apedale.fc Order, a Bill to enable Sir Nigel , Baronet, and CanaL Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in Apedale, in the County of Stafford, to Newcastle under Lyne: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in AngWey, Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy " Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Angle/ey," and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted* was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in pursuance of the Powers of the said Act, the Road described therein has been considerably repaired and improved, to the great Convenience of Travellers with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages; and that a large Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which Hill remains due and unpaid; and that for the more complete Repair of the said Road, which is the great Communication between England and Ireland, and for the better Security of the Creditors, it will be necessary that some Amendments and additional Powers should be granted, and the Term of the said Act further continued: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bu, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Ditto. Inhabitants, redding in and near the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Angle/ey, was also presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of an Application intended to be made for Leave to bring in a Bill as mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth. That the Repair and Improvements of the said Road have already proved of considerable Utility and Convenience to the Petitioners, and the other Owners of Estates lying near thereto, and greatly facilitated the Passage of all Travellers that Way, which is the great Road of Communication between the Kingdoms of England and Ireland:

And therefore praying. That the said intended Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Navi- Trent and gation from the Trent to the Mer/ey, whole Names Mersey are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Canal, rest of the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Company have, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the 6th and 10th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, proceeded to make a Navigable

15 Geo. III. 270 Februarii.1 157 *

gable Canal, from the River Trent to the River Mersey, tlement, between Creditor and Debtor, which would and have completed about 75 Miles thereof, and are be of the greatest Advantage to the former, and the proceeding to complete the Remainder of the said Canal, utmost Benefit and Relief to the latter; and that the being in Length about 15 Miles; but having nearly ex- Petitioners, fully conscious and severely feeling the pended the whole of the Money which they have advan- Miseries intailed by Imprisonment for Debt, supplicate, ced, or are enabled to advance or borrow under tire said not alone for an immediate and temporary Relief from Acts, find themselves unable to perfect the said Works, their own Miseries, but for anestablished Law, whereby and pay the Arrears of Interest due to the Proprietors, the Creditor may be fairly and justly satisfied, and the without the further Assistance of Parliament: And Debtor relieved; and that the Petitioners also submit therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in the same of the Prisoners indebted to the Crown, and a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and to give such further others distinguished by the Appellation of Crown Pri-Powers to the said Company as may be necessary for com- foners, who are exempted from receiving any Benefit pleting and maintaining the said Canal. from Acts of Insolvency.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- A Petition of many unhappy Debtors confined in the Ditto, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine ‘Goal of Hereford, was also presented to the House, and the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- read; complaining of their Distress, and praying near to them, to the House: Relief.

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Oxford A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Canal, the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Lord IVenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Newmarket, A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in j^j Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to "the Turnpike Road leading to Cross, in the Counties of

Cambridge and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing the Road from near the Toll Gate, at the Devil’s Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cambridge-, and that the Highway from the first mentioned Road, through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from Thetford, which terminates at the East End of the said Town of Neivma is frequently out of Repair and incommodious; and it would be of great Advantage to the Public, if the said Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, was put under the Care and Management of the Petitioners, as the same may be repaired, and kept in Repair, out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said Act, without laying any additional Burthen upon Travellers: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, under such Regulations as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Info!vent A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in

Debtor;. His Majesty’s Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, for themselves, and like wife for all the other Prisoners confined for Debt in the several other Prisons and Gaols throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend the present Mode observed in Cafes of Debt is ineffectual towards procuring that much desired Jifltice, that equitable and impartial Set-v Vol. 35.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir Michael le Fleming, of in the Broughton

County of Westmoreland, Baronet, and Sawrey, of Inclosure.

Broughton Tower, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

Widow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manor and Township of Broughton, in the said County, divers Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called Fells, and by divers other Names, and also divers large Parcels of Moss Grounds; and which said Commons and Moss Grounds are estimated to consist of 3,000 Acres, and upwards; and that, by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 30th Day of September 1771, it was agreed, that the said Commons or Waste Grounds should be levered, divided, inclosed, and allotted unto and for the Benefit of the Lord of the said Manor, and of the Reverend Timothy Comperson, Curate of the parochial Chapel of Broughton, and his Successors, and also of the Land Owners thereof respectively; and that their several Shares and Allotments resulting from such Inclosure and Division might be held in Severalty, by the respective Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and also that the said Moss Grounds might be meted, let out, and inclosed; and that, before the said Articles were carried into Execution, John Gilpin Sawrey, Lord of the said Manor, died, having made his Will, and thereby devised his said Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, unto Sir George

Fandeput, Baronet, and the Petitioners, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon several Trulls in the said Will mentioned; and the said Sir George Fandeput hath granted and released his Estate and Interest in the said Hereditaments to the Petitioners, and their Heirs and Afiigris, upon the Trulls in the said Will mentioned; and that the said Commons or Waste Grounds at present afford little or no Advantage, but are capable of great Improvements; and the same would, if divided and inclosed that they might be converted into Tiilage, be of great Advantage to the Persons interested therein, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incloting, dividing, and allotting, the Commons, or Waste Grounds, and Moss Grounds, within the Manor and the Township of Broughton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Eger ton and Sir George Warren do prepare, and bring in, the'lame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are westmoreland thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of sh*re ** Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Shire Hall of the said County, where the Alhzes, Sections of the Peace, County Courts, and Meetings for the Administration of Justice, and S f other

Pottcrfpary*

See.

Inclosure.

Htnmcr

Inclosure.

Widow*

Society.

2 70 Februarii. 1775.

other public Services of the said County, are holden, is in a ruinous Condition, and very incommodious; and that it is necessary that the said Shire Hall, and Buildings belonging thereto, should be taken down, and new ones erected for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for pulling down the said Shire Hall, and Buildings thereunto belonging, and for re-building the fame, and for such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Egertan, Sir Michael fe Fleming., &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Potterjpury, and Hamlet of Yardley,

in the said Parish of Potterjpury, and all'o a Parcel of Land, called Kenfott Field, in the Parish of,

in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Moyfey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

.A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Waites, Modes, Heaths, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer, in the County of Flint, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. kins, General Fitzroy,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, being divers of the Directors and Members of the laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows, on Behalf of themselves, and the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Year 1761, a Society was formed, by the Name of " The laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows," with an Intent to secure, to the Widows of such Persons as were and should become Members thereof, certain Annuities, mentioned in the Scheme then adopted, and published by them; and that the Members of the said Society, on their Admission, executed a Deed, containing Articles for the better ordering and regulating tfyeir Affairs; and that the said Society hath increased to a very considerable Number, and now consists of about 624 Members; and that there were at Michaelmas last 74 Widows, Claimants on the Society, to the Amount of about f. 1,760 per and that, the

State of the said Society’s Affairs having been examined, it appears, that several Alterations in their Plan are necessary, in order to establish the same on a permanent Foundation, and effectually to secure the Payments to the Widows; and that the said Society are desirous to secure, in the First Place, to the Widows who are now Claimants, the Annuities promised by the original Plan, or by any subsequent Alterations therein i and to make such Regulations, for the better Government and Management thereof in future, as may put an Institution, calculated for such useful Purposes, on a firm and solid Basis; hut the Petitioners apprehend the same cannot be done under their present Deed of Settlement, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for securing, out of the present Fund of the Society, a sufficient Sum to make good to the Widows, who are now Claimants, the 8

several Annuities promised to them by the original Scheme, or by any subsequent Alterations therein; and for making such further and other Regulations, for the better Government and Management of the said Society, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr . HopMr. , See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Dame Elizabeth Saint on Be- Dockfc.:

half of, and as Guardian of, Sir John Saint Aubyn, itm,> Baronet, her only Son, an Infant; and also on Behalf of the Inhabitants of the Town of Dock, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Sir John Saint Aubyn is leifed, to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, i’ubject only to several Leases granted of Parts thereof, of the Town of Dock, in the County of Devon; and that the said,

Town is become very populous, and by reason thereof, and of His Majesty’s Dock Yard and Ordnance, and also of the Fleet and other Shipping resorting the re, the Poor of the said Parish, and all’o the casual Poor, are greatly encreased, apd become very numerous, and are supported at a great Expence, and the Power of making and collecting the Rates for the Relief of such Poor are not sufficient for those Purposes; and that the Poor belonging to the said Parish might be better maintained arid regulated, and the Rates for their Relief more properly made and collected, and the casual Poor better passed and regulated, if some further and other Powers were given for those Purposes; and that the Streets and Lanes within the said Town of Dock are very ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and, by Annoyances and Incroachments therein, rendered incommodious and dangerous; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of this said Town, to have their said Poor better regulated; and it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and be of public Utility to the Persons resorting thereto, and travelling through the fame, if the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, yvere properly widened, paved, cleanled, lighted, and kept free and clear of Annoyances and Incroachments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Sir George Tonge, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A" Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this Th* House, in the Painted Chamber, touching a Matter highly concerning the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty’s Crown and Government.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords, at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Mefl'engers were again called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered their Message; anddid agree to meet the Lords, at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And

j

Ditto.

15 Geo. III. 70

*59

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Stanley, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Alderman Sir George

vile. Lord Bulkeley, Captain , Sir George

ftm, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Henniker, Mr. Thomas Lord North, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Thomas Eger ton, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Francis Vincent, Sir John , Mr.

Acland, Mr. Byng.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord Stanley reported the Conference; and that it was to acquaint this House, That the Lords, being extremely desirous, upon all Occasions, to preserve a perfect good Correspondence with the House of Commons, have asked this Conference, in order to acquaint them, that the Lords, having taken into Consideration a printed Book, complained of to their Lordships, intituled, " The present Crisis with respect to America, " considered," printed for T. Becket, the Corner of the Adelphi, in the Strand, 1775; had come to the following llesolutions; viz.

Resolved, t By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That the Book, intituled, " The present Crisis with respect to America, considered," is a false, malicious, and traiterous. Libel, inconsistent with the Principles of the Resolution, to which we owe the present happy Establishment, with the Rights of the Subject; and is an audacious Insult on His Majesty, tending to subvert the fundamental Laws and Liberties of these Kingdoms, and to introduce an illegal and arbitrary Power.

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That One of the said printed Books be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, in New Palate Yard, on Monday the 6th Day of March next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that another of the said printed Books be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, before the Royal Exchange, in London, on Tuesday the 7th Day of March next, at the same Hour; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do attend at the said Times and Places respectively, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly.

Which Resolutions, together with the said printed Book, their Lordships had directed to be communicated to this House; and desire die Concurrence of this House to the said Resolutions.

And the said Report, and several Parts of the said printed Book, were read.

And the First of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Resolution.

And the Blank was filled up with the Words " and " Commons."

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Resolution,

And the Blank was filled up with the Words " and " Commons."

Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted, at a Conference, that this House hath agreed to the said Resolutions.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Paper, intituled, " The Crisis, Number 3, dated Satur~ day, February 4, 1775, printed and published for the '* Authors, by T. IV. Shaw, in Street."

The said Paper was delivered in at the Clerk's Table and read.

Resolved., Nemine eontradicente. That the said Paper is a false, scandalous, and seditiou9. Libel, highly and - Vol. 35.

unjustly reflecting on His Majesty's Sacred Person, and tending to alienate the Affections, and inflame the Minds, of His Majesty’s Subjects against His Person and Government.

Resolved, Nemine coirtradicente. That One of the said printed Papers be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, in New Palace Yard, on

Monday the 6th of Day of March next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that another of the said printed Papers be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, before the Royal Exchange, in London, on Tuesday the 7 th Day of March next, at the same Hour; and that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do attend at the said Times and Places respectively, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be communicated to the Lords, at the said Conference; and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference; and also on a Matter respecting the King’s Person and Government.

Ordered, That the Lord Carmarthen do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Petition of several inhabitants and Owners of IfleofWight: Estates in the Ife of V/ight, in Behalf of themselves Small Deb"’ and the rest of the Inhabitants and Proprietors within the said Island, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there is, within the said Island, an ancient Hundred Court, called Knighton Court, wherein is held Plea of all Debts under Forty Shillings; and that, by reason of some Defects in the Process of the said Court, the same is of little Benefit; and that an easy and Expeditious Method of recovering small Debts, within the said Island, would be of great Benefit to the Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and Inhabitants in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the said Knighton Court, or to make other Provisions for the more* easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the said Island, under such Regulations as the House (hill deem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the (Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Sir Richard Worfley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of tire Trustees whose Names are there- Highgate unto subscribed, for putting in Execution several Acts anil of Parliament, of, the 3d and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 7th,

8th, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Acts mentioned, leading to Highgaie Gatehmfe and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at IJRugton, to the Edgwars Road, near Paddington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which has been laid out in the repairing of the said Roads, and other Purposes of the said Acts; and that the Money now owing cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts are further -continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and that the several Roads leading to and Hampstead, in the said Acts mentioned, are very inconvenient and dangerous to Persons who have Occasion

t

Warrington Small Debts, ire,

160

270 Febrm

A.

1775-

cation to travel in the Night-time, being much infelled with Robbers, which might in a great Measure be prevented, and the Lives and Properties of Passengers rendered secure, if Power was given to watch and light the said Roads; and that it would conduce to the Convenience of Passengers, and the Inhabitants of Houses on the Sides of the said Roads, if the Petitioners were impowered to water the fame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring id a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pent on, Mr. , & c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancajwas presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is a large trading Town, and many Persons residing, dealing, or trading, within the said Town and Parish, do often contract l’mall Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under, from the Expence they are put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for the fame, by the present Forms of Law; and that the present Manner of exposing Butchers Meat for Sale, within the said Town, is by putting it on Stalls or Standings, and by hanging it upon Hooks under Sheds, or Penthouses, over such Stalls or Standings, which are fixed before, and project from, the Houses fronting the public Streets within the said Town, which are very incommodious tc*$he Inhabitants thereof; and that proper and convenient Shambles for Sale of Butchers Meat within the said Town maybe erected and made, in or near the little Corn Market, or upon some Part thereof, and upon the Scite of several Messuages or Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings near thereto, which is the most convenient Situation for that Purpose within the said Town; and that there is a very great Thoroughfare, or Passage, through the said Town; and several of the Streets, Passages, and other public Places, are in many Parts very narrow and incommodious} and that it would be very advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and the neighbouring Country, to have a more easy, speedy, and less expensive, Method provided for the Recovery of small Debts, and to have a fixed and regular public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Butchers Meat, within the said Town, in or near the little Corn Market, or upon some Part thereof, and upon the Scite of such Messuages, Dwelling Houses, and other Buildings} and it would also be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, to have the said Streets, Passages, and other public Places, lighted, and all Nuisances, Incroachments, and other Obstructions therein, removed and prevented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts within the said Parish; for the fixing and regulating a public Market and Shambles, for the Sale of Butchers Meat; lighting the Streets, and other Places; and for removing and preventing all Nuisances, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the said Town, with such Powers and Provisions, and under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Stanley, Sir Thomas

Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to, have Voices.

Mr. Griffith reported from the Committee, to whom Thnrr.tj ani the Petition of several Commissioners appointed in, or J.115 by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the av'2atloa 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 1 ith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and regulating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London', to the Town of Crick lade, in the County of Wilts, and of several

Bargemasters and others, employed in navigating Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels, upon the said Rivers, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and find that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th Day of April 1774, relating to Navigation.

Bills, the Petitioners only proposing to regulate the Depth of Water,' which Vessels navigating the said Rivers are allowed to draw; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read; and Mr. Thomas Alexander being examined, said, That the Restrictions in the said Acts respecting the Depth of Water, to be drawn by Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, navigating the said Rivers, have been found to be very prejudicial to the Bargemalters, and other Persons employed in the said Navigation, and that the same tends greatly to enhance the Price of Carriage of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, navigated thereon; and that he apprehends, that if the Barges, Boats, and other Vessels, navigating the said Rivers, were allowed to draw Three Feet Water between the ill Day of May and the tft Day of

November, and Three Feet and Eight Inches Water between the 1 ft Day of November and the ill Day of May, the Price of the Carriage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, navigated upon the said Rivers, would be considerably less than if the same continue to be navigated according to the Terms and Conditions preferred by the said Acts, anu that the same will be of no Prejudice to the Navigation of the said Rivers.

Mr. Josiah Barnard confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the r ith Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relates to the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Baiges, and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers: And that Mr. Griffith and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Owners of the Antigallican Pri- Amig»lllc:o vateer, being offered to be presented to the House; Privateer.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord* Carmarthen reported, that he having, the Crifij according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a (a Libtl.) Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last I

Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference,

And

J

15 Geo. III. 270 — 28°

And being returned;

The Lord Stanley reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and had left the Resolutions, communicated by the Lords to this House, with their Lordships; and had also acquainted their Lordships, that the Commons had come to several Resolutions, to which they desired the Concurrence of their Lordships; and that they had left the Resolutions and the Paper complained of with the Lords.

Salted . The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Beef, &c. Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act to continue and amend an Act, made " in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork,

" Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time;

and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef,

Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Domi-

" nions in America for a limited Time," might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef,

" Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from , for a limited

" Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time And that Mr. Ptwnall and the Lord Clare do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

MatefS The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees, named in the Settlement of Sir Stafford Northcote, Baronet, deceased, to raisea competent Sum of Money, by way of Mortgage of Part of the Hereditaments comprized in such Settlement, to be applied in completing the Purchase of an undivided Moiety, or Half Part, of the Manor of Iddejley, in the County of Devon, to be settled to the same Uses, and for the like Purposes, as the other undivided Moiety of the same Manor stands limited and charged by the Settlement and Will of the said Sir Stafford Northcote; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ate' veiling certain Estates and Chattels, deviled by the Will of Richard Raynsford, Esquire, deceased, and Part of certain Estates comprized in a Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford the younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in such Manner as in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Whichcote’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. yelling the Estate of Christopher IVhichcote, Esquire, and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of Wilts, entailed by the Will of Francis Tregagle, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrance therein mentioned; and for laying out the Remainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act w* for veiling certain Estates and Chattles, deviled by the Will of Richard Raynsford, Esquire, deceased, and Part of certain Estates comprized in a. Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford the younger, Esquire; Vol. 35.

Februarii.

in Trustees, to sell the same; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in such Manner as in the said Act mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported American from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Colonie$* was referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord , upon the 19th and 31st Days of January (all, and the ill and 15th Days of this Inllant by His Majesty’s Command, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; ayd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That when the Governor, Council, and Assembly, or General Court, of any of His Majesty’s Provinces or Colonies in America, shall propose to make Provision, according to the Condition, Circumstances, and Situation, of such Province or Colony, for contributing their Proportion to the Common Defence (such Proportion to be raised under the Authority of the General Court, or General Assembly, of such Province or Colony, and disposable by Parliament) and shall engage to make Provision also for the Support of the Civil Government, and the Administration of Justice, in such Province or Colony, it will be proper, if such Proposal shall be approved by His Majesty and the Two Houses of Parliament, and for so long as such Provision shall be made accordingly, to forbear, in respect of such Province or Colony, to levy any Duty, Tax, or Assessment, or to impose any farther Duty, Tax, or Assessment, except only such Duties as it may be expedient to continue to levy or to impose for the Regulation of Commerce; the Nett Produce of the Duties last mentioned to be carried to the Account of such Province or Colony respectively.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ditto. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the 1 ft, 15th, and 24th Days of this Instant February, by His Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *n whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28* die Februarii;

Anno iff Georgii III. U Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration p0ntefra£l the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox Eleaion. and James Hare, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

T t ' being

162 a8° Februariu . 1775.

being Inhabitants Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the borough of -fraEl, in the County of York, on. Behalf of themselves and

others. Inhabitants Householders, and Electors of the said Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, and Charles Mel-lifit, Esquire, for the said Borough; being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a $elect Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of contro* verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufi-nest of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr, Speaker, and 158 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, James H, Esquire, his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Rebalf of the said Mr. Fox and of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Poor of the House being locked, the Clerk y/as directed, by Mr. Speaker, tp read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Confide ration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 27th Day of " February 1775, made up in his Presence in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns " of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and ligned by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the " Members were by jiim, in the Presence of the Speaker,

" put into the said Box on the 27th Day of February " 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there (haken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-one Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lord George Germain being drawn, the Cobnfel for the Sitting Members declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Members; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Two, on Account of their e

then serving on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners were called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Mem* bers then present, whole Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named George Johnstone,

Esquire; who did not require to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee; and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, so drawn, and not cxculed or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Poor of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the said Petitioner, Mr. Hare, wfth the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords having taken into Consideration the Relb- the Crifc lutions of this House, communicated to their Lord ships (a Libel) Yesterday, at a Conference, upon a printed Paper, intituled, " The Crijis, N* 3, dated Saturday, February 4,

" 1775," have agreed to the feme; and filled up the Blanks in the said Resolutions, respectively, with the Words, " Lords Spiritual and Temporal and"; and have directed the Paper to be transmitted to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, to be burnt accordingly: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act GoodaaB-for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and a Par- f cel of Common or Waste Ground, in the Manors of a ®ure" Goodmanham, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bigot’* for naturalizing Charles Bigot; without any Amendment.

And then the Meflfengers withdrew.

A Petition of Sir George Rob inf2:1, Baronet, was pre- Cranford fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a ^ac^ttr*‘ Bill is ordered to be brought into the House, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Meadows, in Cranford, in the County of Northampton-, and that the Petitioner is Owner of the greatest Part of the Lands lying in the said Fields and Meadows, and also Owner of several old inclosed Lands, and other Premises, in aforesaid; and that the Lands within the said Fields and Mea(lows, and also the said old inclosed Lands and other Premises, are intermixed and dispersed, and it will be very convenient to the Owners thereof, if Power was given for confirming all such Exchanges as are or shall be agreed upon, between the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for confirming and making such Exchanges as aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir George Robinr son. Baronet, the principal Proprietor of certain Common and Open Field Lands, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Northampton, lying North North Raft, and North West, of the Town or Village of Cranford aforesaid, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition now prefenfod.

15 Geo. III.

28® Febru

163

Plomer’i An ingossed Bill to enable John , Esquire,

Name, heretofore called John P and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Clarke, pursuant to the Will of Richard , Esquire,

deceased; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable John Esquire, heretofore

called John Plomer, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of pursuant

to the Will of Richard , Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Salted Mr. Pownall presented to the House, according to Beef, tic, Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act

made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Im- portation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, 44 from the British Dominions in , for a limited

44 Time And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Flegg Sir Edward Aftley presented to the House, according Poor, to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of East and West Flegg, in the County of Norfolk; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia Pay A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and an(t Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain Cloathing. cajje(j England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pontefraa James Hare, Esquire, the Petitioner before-mentioned, JUc&ion, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately (truck oft' One of the said Forty-nine Names, contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House one of the Lifts so struck, together with anew Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned I,ift was read; and is as follows:

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, Edward Southwell, Esquire, ’Thomas George Skipwith, Esquire, Paul,

Esquire, John Smith, Esquire, Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, Henry Dundas, Esquire, William Adam, Esquire, John Sctulamore, Esquire, William Egerton, Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer, Sir Roger , Baronet, Charles -ruddocke, Esquire.

And the Names of Lord George Germain, and George Johnstone, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and James Hare, Esquire, and also the Petition of the fcve-ral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Vot.. 35,

being Inhabitants Hoqfeholders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of fraCl, in the County of York, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough j and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows;

44 You, and each of you, shall well and truly try the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and James Hare, Esquire, 44 and also of the Petition of the several Per- fons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 44 being Inhabitants Householders, and Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of PontefraCl, in the County of York,

44 referred to you; and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

44 So help you God."

And the said Petitioner, Mr. Hare, with the CounteJ and Agents on both Sides, were then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Names of all the Members of this House, who have delivered in a Paper, containing a Description of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by which they qualify themselves to be elected and returned to serve as Members in the present Parliament, together with such Descriptions, be printed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it paCed in the Negative.

44-

87.

Lord Edward Rentinck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hqufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Bay and New

Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies-, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited;

A Petition of the People called Quakers, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Province ef Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut- and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, and the British Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited; and that the Petitioners are informed, that, in the Island of Nantucket, on the Coast of New England, there are about 5,000 Inhabitants, Nine Tenths of whom are of the People called Quakers; and that the said Island is for the most Part barren and sandy, not yielding Provision for a Twentieth Part of its Inhabitants, and that the Inhabitants almost

wholly

Eleaioi)*.

Scrooby

Indofuie.

Mal&abuset* Bay, &c. Re$ri4>o^t

164 a 8° Februarii- 10 Martiu . 1775-

wholly depend oil the Whale Fishery for their Subsistence, purchasing with the Produce of the said Occupation Grain and other NeCeflaries from the neighbouring Colonies; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, these People would unavoidably be exposed to all the Hardlbips of Famine, as no Provisions can be imported from any of the neighbouring Colonies, and their Trade, by which they subsist, will be totally prohibited; and that the said Inhabitants, to the bell of the Petitioners Information and Belief, are entirely innocent in respect to the present Ditlurbances in America j wherefore, in consideration of the Miseries impending over so large a Part of their Brethren and others their Fellow Subjects, in that Island and in the Neighbourhood, under the like Circumstances, the Petitioners intreat the House, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, as thereby a most grievous Punishment would be infiifted on the Innocent, and a Body of Men, whose Occupation is hazardous, their Gains uncertain, and their Labours necessary to themselves and the Community, would be subjected to inevitable Ruin and De-struction.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and County of , was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, that a Petition is presented to the House from the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London., in Common Council aflera-bled, against the Bill mentioned in the preceding Petition; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that the Restraints intended to be laid upon the Newfoundland Fishery of the Colonies, mentioned in the said Bill, if carried into a Law, will not by any Means be injurious to Commerce, as the Petitioners against the Bill conceive, because the Foreign Markets can be amply supplied by extending the Newfoundland Fishery of Subjects resident in England; and that the Annual Produce of the Newfoundland Fishery carried on by Subjects resident in the Mother Country exceeds£.500,000; and that the Newfoundland Fishery of the Mother Country is a constant Nursery of Seamen for the Navy, that great Bulwark of the Nation, every Fifth Man employed being, by the 10th of the Third, obliged

to be a Landman, a Consideration of infinite Weight, the Petitioners imagine, and this the more especially, as the Profits of the Trade center entirely in this Kingdom; and that the Profits of the Newfoundland Fishery, carried on by the Colonies mentioned in the Bill, do not center here, nor is the Newfoundland Fishery of the Colonies a Nursery of Seamen for the Fleet, because the Americans are not obliged by Law to make use of Landmen, nor are the American Seamen compellable, like the Brit if 1 Seamen, to serve their Country in Times of War; the Petitioners are therefore greatly alarmed, left a Petition from so respectable a Body as the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of , should operate not

only to their Prejudice, but to the general Prejudice of the Kingdom, on a Point of such Importance to the National Prosperity; humbly submit the foregoing Fadts to the Consideration of the House, and foliating, no less for their own immediate Advantage, than for the universal Benefit of their Country, such Encouragement of the British Fishery to N as the Parliament shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j \ V

{Mr. Alderman - 1

I 24.

Mr, Alderman Oliver: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had heard the Petitioners the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of , interested in

the American Commerce, in Support of their Petition, by their Agent $ and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, I. dieMartii;

Anno 154 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

IR Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, Newmi.te, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, tc*

and Freeholders, of the Counties of Cambridge and oaJ'

Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from market, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road

leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, had been complied with, in regard to the first-mentioned Petition, except in point of Time, the Notice being given at the last Quarter Sessions, instead of the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; and in regard to Advertisements required by the said Orders, the intended Application was only advertised once in the Cambridge Newspaper in the Month of August last; but that Notice has been given of both the Petitions to ever)' adVing Trustee under the said Act; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said lirft-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Brand, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That f. 2,000 had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which had been applied in the repairing of the said Road, and other Purpolbs of the said Act; that the Sum of £.i,6co now remains due on the Credit thereof, and that the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be continued and enlarged; that several Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Act, particularly in the Clause which requires the Road to be continued of the Width of 100 Yards, in case the adjoining I^ands shall be inclosed.

That the Highway branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road near the Toll Gate, at the Ditch commonly called The Devil’s Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to the present Turnpike Road near the Rubbing House, which leads from thence to Cambridge, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be advantageous

- "V '

j

15 Geo. III. i 0 Martii. 165

tageous to the Public if the same was properly repaired.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

The said Witness being further examined, said. That the Eoad through the Town of Newmarket is frequently out of Repair and incommodious to Travellers; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Public if the same was put under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, as the same might be repaired Out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said Act, without laying any additional Burthen upon Travellers.

The House was moved, That the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th Day of April 1774, relative to Petitions for making Turnpike Roads, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Cross, in

the Counties of Cambridge and; for repairing

the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near the ’s Ditch on Newmarket

Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge; and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to And that Sir

Charles Bunbury, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Holt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

*nSr°fl"ct^ Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ale* to enable certain Trustees, named in the Settlement of Sir Stafford Northrote, Baronet, deceased, to raise a competent Sum of Mon^y, by way of Mortgage of Part of the Hereditaments comprized in such Settlement, to be applied in completing the Purchase of an undivided Moiety or Half Part, of the Manor of Iddejley, in the County of De^jon, to be settled to the same Uses, and for the like Purposes, as the other undivided Moiety of the same Manor Hands limited and charged by the Settlement and Will of the said Sir Stafford,

was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Account* The House being informed that Mr. Rowe (from the prefee ted. Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all British Plantation Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Year 1760 to the Year 1775, and the Quantity exported from Scotland in the same Period; distinguishing the Exports and Imports in each particular Year: And also,

A particular Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Customs in Scotland, for 1 Three Years, ending 10th October 1773; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The livid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Salted Beef, A Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made &c* in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, fora " limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of " Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the V ul, 35.

" British Dominions in America, for limited Time," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wlnehcote’* for veiling the Estate of Christopher IVhichcote, Esquire, ate and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of Wilts, entailed by the Will of Francis Tregagle, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrance therein-mentioned, and for laying out the Remainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Stratford the Petition of several Persons whole Names are there- (Marble-bon) unto subscribed, Lessees, Occupiers, and-Owners, of a paving, fcc. certain Inclosure, called Stratford Place, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Mr.

Edmund Pepys being examined, said. That he knows a Piece or Parcel of inctofed Ground, called Stratjord Place, lately called ’The Banqueting Ground,

situate on the North Side of Oxjord , and on the West Side of Marybone Lane, in the Parish of Saint

Mary-le-bon, in the County of Middlesex, which is now held under a Lease from the City of London, renewable lpr ever, and that the same is the Property of the Petitioner, Edward Stratjord, and the rest of the Petitioners; that there is not now, nor ever was, any public Highway, Street, Lane, Footpath, or Passage, in, over, or through the fame, or any Part thereof; that it has always been an Inclosure, and is covenanted to be continued as such by the Plan in the City Lease.

And he produced to your Committee, an attested Copy of the said Lease.

And the Witness said. That the Petitioners have built, and are now building, Houses, Mews, and other Edifices, and are desirous of keeping the same properly paved, lighted, cleansed, watered, watched, and fenced in, at their own private Expence, and to be enabled to raise the Charges thereof amongst themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lessees, Owners, and Occupiers of Stratford Place, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, watch, and fence in, the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Elwes, Sir Richard Sutton, and Mr. Poulett, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom Hampstead the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and several other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Webb informed your Committee, That the said Town is very populous, and from its Situation the Inha-U u bitants

Thames and Isis Navigation*

Accounts

presented.

Election*.

American

'Colonies.

166 i° — 3° Martii. A. 1775.

bitants thereof, and of the Parts adjacent within the same Parish, as also all Persons passing to and from the same-in the Night Time, are much exposed to Robberies and other Outrages.

That it would be a great Security and Convenience if Power was granted to light the said Town, and Parts adjacent within the said Parish, and if a proper and well regulated Nightly Watch was established in the Town, and a Horse and Foot Patrole employed to conduct Passengers between the said Town and in the

Night Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Passages, within the Town and Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein: ‘And that Mr. Smith and Mr. Elwes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Griffith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving"and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, so far as the fame

relates to the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he Was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Corn and Flour exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to the Sugar Colonies, for Ten Years past, viz. from Christmas 1763 to Chrtfimas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Train Oil and Blubber imported into England from Christmas 1772 to Ghtiftmas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Countries from which the same have been imported: And also,

- An Account of the Quantity of Rape Seed and Rape Oil, imported into England, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Countries from which the same have been imported: And also,

An Account of the Value of Goods exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to Ireland, from Christntas 1772 to Christmas 1773, which is as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Lord be added to the

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for further preventing the Expenses attending Elections of Knights of Shires, and for the more ealy Attendance of Freeholders at such Elections.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the ift, 15th, and 24th Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command;

Resolvesd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Way* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the *nd Meiai Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Saaply. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the MafiacW«’, whole House, to consider further of the Bill to restrain Bay. &-c. the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Mafia- Reftr.ttoa. chnfet's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of neiiicut and Rhode'Ijl.ind, and Providence Plantation, in

North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Be it ift

Islands in the West Indies ;and to prohihit inch Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Br.nk? of Newjoined!and, or other Places therein to he mentioned, under.certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whit-worth- reported irom the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto-, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr Benjamin Lifer and Mr. George Davisdo attend this House upon Monday Morning ncxr, when the said Report is ordered to he received, in order to be examined touching the Petition oi rive Merchants,

Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Poole.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committ-w. withstanding any Adjournment of the liouie.

And then the House adjourned till' Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock

Veneris, 30 die Martii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1773.

Prayer s,

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration Abingdon the Petition of Nathaniel Bay/ Esquire, complain- tlcdtion.

ing of the undue Hied ion and Return of join Klquire, for the Borough ot Abir.gdon, in the County of Berks, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bullnel's of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The

15 Geo. III. 3° Martiu i°7

i The House was counted by Mr. Speyer, and 133 for the Petitioner,1' and the other of them to the ^Members being found to be present; "Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called 'Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the in to the Bar: The Clerk, appointed to attend the Clerk appointed to1 attend the said Select Committee, said Select Committee, attending also at the Bar. immediately withdrew.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk '

was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of Lord Charles , from the Select Committee, Pontefract

the Day, for taking the said Petition into Confide- who were appointed -tb.try and determine the Merits of Election. ration. the Petition of the honourable Charles James and

And the same being read accordingly; James Hare, Esquire.; and also the Petition of the

The-Box, containing the Names of all the Members several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the House, and feaied with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was -being.Inhabitants Householders, and Eledors for Mem-placed upon the Table, and the Seals being inspected hers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of -by Mr. Speaker, the Attention annexed to the Out- f8,in the County of York; on Behalf of themselves side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purport- and others, Inhabitants Householders, and Eledors of ing, " That the said Box was, on the ad Day of the said Borough severally complaining of an undue " March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Man- Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the " ner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year House, th^t the said Select Committee have determined,

" of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An That Sir John Goodricke, Baronet, is duly elected a " Ad to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Boor Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was rough of in the county of :

read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened,

the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members

- " were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box, on the 2d Day of March 1775,"

was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, bring all as near as might be, of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were by the Clerk taken our of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glafies, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publickly drew out of the said Six Glafies, alternately, -the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. -Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-one Members, then

present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Ord, Esquire, being drawn, the

Counsel for the-Sitting Member declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Member} and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his ierving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-eight other Members,

then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Cours’e of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Four, on Account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of art undue Election and Return; and Two, on Account of their then fenring on a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of a controverted Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn; and not excused, or set aside, being complete, Jthe- Counsel lor the Petitioner was called upon, by Mr. Sneaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members, then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those thofen by Lot to serve on the said Select

Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named the honourable

Them as Francis IVenman, who did not require to be

excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members lo drawn, and not excused, or let aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Charles Mellish, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Pontcfraft.

And the said Determinations were ordered-Jo be

entered in the Journals of this House.

' %

t

Mr. PheH'ps- reported from "the Committee, to wliopi Mendip, the Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Open and Uncultivated Common, or Trad oP'Ground, Parcel nc 0 ure*

of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of

Donlting and Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allega-.

- tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he i;ead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered- the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendmsnts were Once read throughout } and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Bishop Order, a Bill for declaring certain Lands, allotted to Norton John Harrison, Esquire, in the Parish of Bishop Norton, lnck>fere. in the County of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That* the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Savilereported from the Committee, to Rigton whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, Inclosure. certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had exa- -mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 23th ot April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

found

i68 j° Martiu . 1775.

found the same to be true; and that the Parties con* ceroed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of i. 4 %d. who tefufed to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be mclosed are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of£.44. 17 s.5 d.)and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Wait’* The Lord Guernsey reported from the Committee, to

Patent, whom the Petition of James Watty of the City of Glasgow, Engineer, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, dated the 5th Day of January, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, granting an exclusive Privilege to the Petitioner for the Sale of certain new invented Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, for the Term of 14 Years, were read: And,

John Roebuck, M. D. being examined, said, That to his Knowledge £. 2,000 at the lead has been expended in bringing the said Fire Engines to their present State of Perfection; and that if an Allowance was made for the Time that Mr. Watt has already empoiyed, in bringing the said Engines to their present Srate, at all proportionable to what has been paid to him when engaged in other Business, the Expence would greatly exceed £. 3,000; and that to carry this Invention to the Degree of Perfection, which the Witness thinks it capable of, it will be necessary to expend some Thou-iand Pounds more.

That the Petitioner has been employed in this Work 17 Years, and for 10 or 12 Years last pad it has taken up the greated Part of his Time.

That this Engine will not consume Half the Steam that a common Fire Engine does, probably not the Third Part, and produce an equal Effect; that it will at lead do double the Work of a common Fire Engine at the same Expence, and be of general Utility in Collieries and Mines of all Kinds that in the Witnesss Opinion, it may be applied to many mechanical Purposes with greater Advantage than the present Fire Engine, as it works by a circulating, indead of a reciprocating, Motion, and that it may be applied with Advantage wherever any Kind of mechanical Power is wanted; that he is of Opinion, the Money already expended, and which he thinks may with Propriety and Prudence be laid out, together with a moderate Stock to carry this Invention into Execution, may amount to £. x 0,000 j but that it will not be prudent in the Petitioner to expend the Sum necessary for that Purpose, unless some greater Security was given for the foie making and vending the said Machines than is granted by the said Letters Patent.

That he has seen One of these Engines which Mr. Watt has already erected, which was not finished till November lad, and t does double the Execution of a common Fire Engine with the same Expence of Steam and Fuel.

That the Petitioner has not yet received any Advantage from the Engines he has made; that an expensive Apparatus is necessary for making these Engines, particularly boring and turning Mills for making of Cylinders; and Founderies for cading them mud also be erected, in order to bore the Cylinders with sufficient Accuracy, which Mills will cod a very considerabte Sum of Money; and as it mud necessarily be some Time before the Public in general become acquainted with the Utility of this Machine, the Term of the Patent will probably expire before the Petitioner can receive any Advantage from his Invention.

That unless the Term of the Patent be continued to the Extent of 28 Years, the Petitioner will not have spent his Time in the Prosecution of this Invention for his own Profit, whatever Advantage may accrue from thence to the Public, which, in the Witness’s Opinion, will be very great, as these Engines, when finished, will cod less than the common Fire Engines, and do equal Execution t Then,

Mr. Alexander Camming being examined. &id. That he has not seen the Engine, but is acquainted with the Principles upon which it is condruded, and believes them to be the bed that can be made use of for the working of Steam Engines, and a great Improvement upon the Engines now in use.

That the Principle of the circulating Wheel is entirely new, and much more applicable to Mills and other mechanical Operations in general, than the common or reciprocating Fire Engine.

Being further examined, he confirmed all the Evidence given by Doctor Roebuck, except what relates to the Expences which have been already incurred by the Petitioner.

Matthew Boulton, Esquire, being examined, said. That Mr. Watt has been pursuing this Invention "to his Knowledge ever since the Year 1763, and even at that Time had made a considerable Prog refs in it; that these Engines are superior to any. before invented in this Country, even three times better than any the Witness had ever examined.

That a very large Sum of Money will be requisite to carry this Invention into Execution, l'o as to make it of the greated Benefit to the Public, which it is capable of.

That if the Invention was his own, he should think it very imprudent to advance the Sum necessary for this Purpose unless the Term of the Patent were considerably extended.

That he is convinced, from actual Experiments, that this is not only the cheaped mechanical Power yet invented, except Wind and Water Mills, but that it may be applied to an infinite Number of Purposes to which the common Fire Engine is not at all applicable.

It appearing upon Perusal of the said Letters Patent, that the tole Benefit of the said Invention was granted to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns only, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations abroad: Your Committee thought proper to examine, whether it was worth Mr. Watt'% while to go on with the Work unless his Property was equally secured in Scotland ? And

Mr. Boulton being again examined, said. That he had great lleafon to believe, that if this Invention was once established into a regular Manufactory, great Numbers of the Engines would be exported to various Parts of the European Continent, and in that same any Persons in Scotland may avail themselves of this Invention at a much less Expence than the Inventor, and he should think it a very dangerous Undertaking to proceed further, unless Parliament would secure the Property of the Invention to the Petitioner as well in Scotland as in the Places already mentioned.

Mr. Alexander Camming being again examined, said, That if he was in Mr. Watt'% Situation, he would not proceed any further in this Undertaking unless his Property was secureckin Scotland as well as in England.

Ordered,

i:cGeo. III. 3 ° Martii. 169

Ordered;'Hiat I:-cavc be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in James , Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited: And that the Lord and Lord Frederick Camp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scaldwell Mr. Powys presented to t4ie House, according to

lndofurr. orjer> a JJJU for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Failure, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Purish of S caldwell, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pin via Ordered, That Mr. Foley be added to the Gentlemen inclosure. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a, Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Unincloledand Commonable Land within the Frecinfts of the Chapelry or Township of in the County

Cleeve Prior Ordered, That Mr. Foley be added to the Gentlemen Inclosure. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Commonable Land, nmhin the I^rish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Worctfcr.

Ditto. Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pinvin Mr. Foley presented to the House, according to Inclosure.' Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, andall other Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fotletby Mr. Pelham presented to the House, according to inclosure. Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Fiuietby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Raynsford’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting certain Estates and Chattels, deviled by the Will of Richard Raynsf Esquire, deceased, and Part of certain Estates comprized in a Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford the Younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in such Manner as in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Griffith, Mr. Eizves, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Apedale, See. A Bill to enable Sir Nigel Grefley, Baronet, and Nigel Canal. Bozvyer Grefley, Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in Apedale, in the County of Stafford, to Netc caffe under Lyne, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 35.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir John Wroltefey, Sir George Hay, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Account of the Quantities of Seville and other Olive Ordered. Oils, not beingSallad Oils, imported into Great Britain,. for the last Three Years; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each. Year.

A Petition of John Adams, Esquire, Elizabeth Bar-. William*’ lozv.Widow, and Thomas Skyrme, was presented to the Debt to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, Crown, as Representatives of Sir Herbert Lloyd, Baronet, Hugh Barlow, Esquire, and William Skyrme, Esquire, d&-ceased, and who had become Sureties to His Majesty foj

William Williams, Esquire, deceased, late Receiver General of die Land Taxes, and upon Houses and Windows, for South Wales, offered their Petition to the House, on Monday last, for I reave to bring in a Bill, to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound the Debt due to the Crown from the said William Williams at the Time of His Death, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, for want of the usual Certificate from the Tax Office, the said Petition was not received; and that the Petitioners, having since obtained the Certificate from the Commissioners of Taxes; therefore pray that they may have Leave to present their said Petition, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave bq given to present a Petition, as desired by the said John Adams, Elizabeth Barlow, and Thomas.

Then a Petition of John Adams, Esquire, Elizabeth, Ditto. Barlow, Widow of Hugh Barlow, Esquire, and Thomas.

Skyrme, Esquire, together with a Certificate thereuntq annexed, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth. That on the 15th 1755,

Williams, Esquire, then Receiver General of the Land Tax for the Counties of Cardigan, Carmarthen, and Pembroke, together with Hugh Barlow, Alexander Elr liott, and Evan Williams, Esquires, as Sureties for the said William Williams, became bound to his late Majesty, in the penal Sum of f. 10,000, with a Condition for the said William Williams's due and faithful Execution of his said Office; and that, by another Bond, bearing Date the 3d Day of July 1756, the said William Williams, together with the said Hugh Barlow,

Evan Williams, and William Skyrme, as Sureties for the said William Williams, became bound to his said late

Majesty in the Sum of £. 16,000; and that, by another Bond, bearing Date the 12th Day of 1757,

the said William Williams, together with the said Hugh

Barlow, Evan Williams, ll'illiam Skyrme, and Herbert Lloyd, became bound to his said late Majesty in the Sum of £. 16,000 for the said William Williams's due and faithful Execution of his Office; and that, by another Bond, bearing Date the 10th July 1758, the said William Williams, together with the said Hugh Barlow,

Evan Williams, William Skyrme, and Herbert , became bound unto his said late Majesty in the Sum of £. i6,ocofor the said William Wisdue and faithful Execution of his Office; and that, by another Bond, bearing Date the 16th of October 1758, the said William Williams, Hugh Bar lozv, Evan Williams, WtL Ham Skyrme, and Herbert Lloyd, became bound unto his laid late Majesty in £.1,500, conditioned'for the X x said

170 3’Mart'll A. 1775.

said William Williams's due and faithful Execution of his Office as Receiver General of the Rates and Duties tpon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, within the said Counties of Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, and Pembroke; and that the said William Williams, the Receiver, died the 21st ’ Da y of November 1758, indebted to the Crown in the Sum of £. 13,597, for Arrears of Land Tax and Window Tax, by him received, for the Use of His Majesty, for thejears 1755, 1756, 1757, and 1758; and that, by an Inquisition taken by the Sheriff of Pembrokeshire, the; iith of April 1759, by virtue of a Writ of Diem elaujit extremum, issued out of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, at the Instance of the said Sureties, or some of them, it was found, that the said William Williams died possessed of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and personal Eiiate, in the said Inquisition mentioned; and that, by Means of the said Crown Process, and otherwise, fevera. Sums of Money, due to the said Receiver at the Time of his Death, have been received, and paid into His Majesty’s Exchequer, in Discharge of the Arrears due from the said William Williams, to the Amount of £.4,000, and upwards; and that the said William Williams was entitled to a certain Poundage, or Allowance, from the Crown, upon the Money paid into the Exchequer, to the Amount of £.700, and upwards; and which, by the unsettled State of his Accounts, was not allowed to him in his Life-time, but which, the Petitioners apprehend, ought to be allowed, in Diminution of the said Arrears; and that the real Estates, of which the said late Receiver died possessed, have been fold, at Public Sale, by Order of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, at the Sum of £. 1,700; but, by reason that the Children and Family of the said William Williams are dispersed and gone so Foreign Parts, of whom no Intelligence can be obtained, a proper Title and Conveyance thereof cannot be made out to the Satisfaction of the several Purchasers, whereby the Sale of the said Estates cannot be perfected, nor the Purchase Money received; and that the said William Williams died lei fed of a Copyhold Estate, of the Value of £.170 a Year, which his Heir at Law claims, and infills is not liablk to the Payment of Debts; and that there are beside several Debts Handing out, which appear to be due to the said William Williams, all of which are of 20 or 30 Years Handing, and of no Value, the several Debtors being upon Enquiry found either to be dead, become Bankrupts, or otherwise insolvent; and that the Petitioner Elizabeth Barlozv is the Widow and Devisee of the said Hugh Barlozv the Petitioner, John Adams is the Devisee of the said Herbert Lloyd, and the Petitioner Thomas Skyrme is the eldest Son and Heir of the said William Skyrme; and that the said Hugh Barlozv, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, from Friend Chip only, and from no other Motive or Consideration whatever, became Sureties for the said William Williams; and that the Petitioners find themselves much embarrassed, and Under great Difficulties, by reason of the said Bonds to His Majesty, which affect the several real Estates of the said Hugh Barlozv, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, and are deemed to be a Lien thereon, whereby the same can neither oe mortgaged nor fold, and consequently their several Debts cannot be discharged, to the great Loss and Injury of their several Creditors, as well as of the Petitioners: And therefore the Petitioners, being desirous to make the utmod Satisfaction in their Power to the Crown, prat that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound the said Debt with the Petitioners, at such Sum of Money as, under the 'Circumstances of the Cafe, their Lordships shall think reasonable; and that the Estates, Debts, and Bffefts, if any be recoverable of the said William Williams, may be veftedjn the Petitioners, towards reim-

burfing the 'mlelves the Lois which they sustain in the Premises.

And the Counsel and Agents for Nathaniel Bayly, Abingdon Esquire, the Petitioner, and for John Mayor, Esquire, Eletoon. the Sitting Member before-mentioned, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioner, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was re* duced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so ilruck, together with a hew Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

James Scazvtn, Esquire, Hugh Ovsen of Pembroke,

Esquire, Edward Morant, Esquire, Charles Baldwyn,

Esquire, Paul Fielde, Esquire, John Morgan, Esquire,

Gerard William Vanneck, Esquire, Nathaniel Polhill,

Esquire, Thomas Halsey, Esquire, Ambrose Goddard, .

Esquire, James Whit/hed, Esquire, Sir William Guise,

Baronet, Richard Aldworth Neville, Esquire.

And the Names of John Ord, Esquire, and the honourable Thomas Francis Wenman, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the . 4 said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr,

Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of 'Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and-Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks; and they were then sworn by the Clerk as follows:

You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Nathaniel Bayly,

<£ Esquire, referred to you, and a true Judgment " give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God,"

And then the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Adams, Esquire, williams* Elizabeth Barlow, Widow of Hugh Barlow, Esquire, Debt to the and Thomas Skyrme, Esquire, together with & Certificate Crown, thereunto annexed, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve.itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army: for punishing Mutiny and Ddertion, and for the better Mutiny Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Dgfatf0IU Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Mayow's for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Philip Wynell Ellalc Mayow, Esquire, in Afobrenton alias Ashprington, in Devon, in Trustees, to be sold; and settling other Estates, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury be added to the

Gentlemen,

Wilbech,

&c.

Drainage.

American

Colonies.

Ditto.

L

15 Geo. III.

Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter'% and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Marrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the ljle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech

frlwrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of and County of Cambridge: And the same was receired; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° i. Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Colden to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New York, 1 ft February 1775: Received 28 February, inclosing,

N*.2...Copy of the Lieutenant Governors Speech the General Assembly.

N° 3. Copy of Address of the Council.

N° 4. Copy of Address of the Assembly; And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Governor to

the Earl of Dartmouth, dated New Jersey, 1 ft February

1775: Received 28 February-, inclosing,

N° 6. Copy of the Governor’s Speech to the General Assembly.

N° 7. Copy of Address of the Council, and of the Governor’s Answer.

N° 8. Copy of the Resolves of the Assembly, and of their Address: And also,

N° 9. Ext raft of a Letter from Deputy Governor Penn to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Philadelphia, 30th January 1775: Received 28 February, inclosing,

N° 10. Copy of Proceedings of a Provincial Convention, held at Philade. N° xi. Copy of the Testimony of the People called Quakers.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

A nd the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the ift, 15th, and 24th Days of February last, by His Majesty’s Command.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants, Linen Drapers, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of in the

Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with the deepest Concern for the unhappy Differences which at present subsist between Great Britain and her American Colonies, and from an Apprehension of the fatal Consequences which may arise from, thence, beg Leave to set forth, that, as their Export Trade with the American Colonies consist chiefly in the Exportation of the Linen Manufacture, and that of White and Brown Linens only, by the Non-importation Agreement they are deprived of this, the only valuable Branch of Export they* are permitted to carry on with the Colonies, and of which they already begin to feel the unhappy Effects; and that, if the Linen Manufacture decays, this Kingdom must be reduced to l'uch a State, as, from want of Employment at Home, to incrcale Emigrations, reduce the Value of Lands, and diminish every Branch of the poor Remains of the Trade they enjoy; and that the chief Commodities which they have Liberty to import from America into this Kingdom, being Flax Seed, . Vol. 35.

t7f

Lumber, Wheat, and Flour, should the Non-injporta-tion take place, they mull necessarily be deprived of Flax Seed, to raise Flax to carry on their Linen Manufacture, of Staves for Calks to contain their Beef,

Pork, and Butter, for the Supply of Great Britain,

His Majesty’s Navy, and the IVef India Islands; and this Train of Consequences, so destructive to the Landed Property, Manufactures, and Commerce, of this Kingdom, and which of course must occasion a very sensible Diminution of His Majesty’s Revenues, from the then absolute Inability of the Inhabitants, forces them to pray the House would take the Premises into their Consideration; hoping that some Expedient may be found out, whereby thei’e Consequences may be prevented, and Harmony restored> and established upon a solid and permanent Foundation.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Protmffcry ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Note«, &c; House, to take into Consideration a Practice, which has lately prevailed, of negotiating Promifl'ory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange of a l'mall Value, and the Inconveniences arising therefrom.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Militia Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for de- and fraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the 041 *

Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of.

March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made.

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday American Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Coloniei. whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the 1 ft, 13th, and 24th Days of February last, and this Day, by H is Majesty’s Command.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wayt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mum. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock;

30 Mar tii.

r*7# 3° — 6° . 1775-

Lunce, 6* <afo Martii;

Anno 15° Georgii III1" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Borough - /^HARLES MELLISH Esquire* being chosen a

Wrl* Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the nt" Borough of Pontefract, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said' Borough of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve iri this present Parliament for the Borough , of , in the County of York, in the room of the said Charles,

Esquire.

Honiton The House being informed that John Baring, of

Election. Mount Radford, in the County of Devon, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough' of Honiton, in the said County, desires-to withdraw his laid Petition;

The House being also informed, that the several Persons whose Names are subscribed to a Petition presented to this House, being Electors of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and others, likewise complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their said Pet it ion;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 20th Day of February last, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration upon Friday next, be di (charged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Baring have Leave-withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the said several Persons, Electors of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of , have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

t^orthcote’s ’ Ah ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElUic. to enable certain Trustees, named in the Settlement of Sir Stafford Nort/icote, Baronet, deceased, to raiic a competent Sum of Money, by way of Mortgage of Part of the Hereditaments comprised in such Settlement, to be applied in completing the Purchase of an undivided Moiety, or Half Part, of the Manor of Iddeflt in the County of Devon, to be settled to the same Uses, and for the like Purposes, as to the other undivided Moiety of the same Manor Hands limited and charged by the Settlement and Will of the said Sir Stafford North cote, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard I/'arvuick Bampfylde, Sir G tinge &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the’ Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rucker’s Mr. Darker prefen ted to the House, according to Nat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing Daniel: And

the same was received; and react the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Biegg A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Boor. poC)r> within the Hundreds of East and in

the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward off!ley, Mr. Millet, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Whichcote’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Effete, for veiling the Estate of , Esquire,

and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of (Fills, entailed by the Will cf Francis ffregr.gle, Esquire, de-

ceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrance (herein mentioned, and for laying out the Remainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Selwyn presented to the House, according to Piccadilly Order, a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park c' Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light, the fame, and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to Bedford whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Level, &c. are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands lying in the North Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the Manor of Crowland, adjoining thereto, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House' of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them; to the House; and he read tfe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it\ in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Laid Petition, an Act# made in the 29th Year of King he Second, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level from the Debts of the said Corporation, and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be hid on the said North Level; and for the more efti’ftual draining and preferring the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Commissioners appointed by the said Act wjerc impowered to assess, rate, tax, and charge, the Owners or Occupiers of all the Lands intended to be drained, except certain Lands in the said Act excepted, by equal and proportionable yearly Rates or Taxes, at the Discretion of such Commissioners, not exceeding, for the first Four Years, to be computed from Midsummer 1754, the yearly Rate of One Shilling for every Acre; and after th^ Expiration of the said Four Years, not exceeding, in any one Year, Sixpence an Acre; and that the Taxes so to be raised, and all Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, should be applied and disposed of for and towards the General Works of draining and preferring all the Districts in the Act particularly mentioned. Then,

Mr. Emerson Harrison, Surveyor of Part of the Works, being examined, said, That the Taxes of One Shilling for every Acre, charged upon the Lands by the said Act, for the said Four Years, and of Sixpence per Acre, wherewith the same have been yearly assessed by the said Commissioners ever finee the Expiration of the said Four Years, have proved inefficient to support the general Works of Drainage, and a considerable Debt hath been incurred on Account of such Works, which ’ . Cannot

IB-

is Geo. III. 6" Mart it. 173

cannot be discharged, nor the Works carried on and preserved, unless the Commissioners are enabled to charge the Lands with an additional Tax, over and above the said yearly Sam of Six Pence an Acre.

That all the inward Banks and Drains are in a bad Condition, being greatly damaged, and consequently insufficient for the Purposes of draining the Country; and it will be for the Benefit of all the Proprietors of Lands, that the Commissioners should be enabled to afiefs all the said Lands with a further Tax for Three Years.

Mr. Thomas Harejine informed your Commitee, That the North Bank of MoretLearn, the East Bank of Cor dyke, and the East and West Banks of the Folly Drain, are subject to Breaches in very wet Seasons, and the Funds provided for the Repairs and Support thereof have proved ineffectual; and that it will also be for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Lands intended to be drained, that the Commissioners should be impowered to assess all the Lands within the Five Districts (except as in the said former Act is excepted) with a Tax for One Year, towards the Support of the said Banks.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the 'J'wenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said adjoining Lands; And that Mr. Sir John

Hynde Cotton, and Sir Sampson Gideon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Umchester Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Theatre, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, or residing near, the Town of Manch in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and many others living in the said Town and Neighourhood, are very desirous of having a public Theatre established there, under proper Regulations , and are informed, that Mr. Joseph Younger and Mr. George Mattocks, the Lesseesof a certain Building most conveniently situated and properly constructed for that Purpose, have applied for a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant them a Patent for it; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Lessees to Be in every Respect properly qualified to conduct and manage Theatrical Representations: And therefore

praying the House to grant their Request.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Younger and George Mattocks, is referred.

„ t &c Sir Harbord Harbord reported from the Committee,

lfanu&Aure. *° whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to amend an Act, made in the 2ad " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effec-w tual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats,

of and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combi-" nations of Journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen HotPreflers, and of all Persons employed in the said leve- ral Manufactures, and for the better Payment of " their Wages," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afteiwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Vol. 3.5.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Mendlo, See. Open and Uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Inclosure. Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of Doulting and Stoke St. Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Open Uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of Doulting and Stoke St. Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the _ Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Scrooby Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste ^nc^ure* Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Laird,

Edward Bentinck, the Earl of Lincoln, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Salted Beef, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the &c*

Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef,

" Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited " Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British " Dominions in America, for a limited Time."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pownall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pownall reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and im- Rigton proving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in Inaofure. the Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an £ftimatr> Estimate of the Expence of engraving Charts of the ordered. Coasts of Ireland, and also of the West Coasts of Great Britain, from Bristol Channel to Cape Wrath, the North Western Promontory of Scotland, including all the adjacent Islands, surveyed by Mr. Murdock M'Kenzte.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Estimate of the Expence of engraving Charts of the Yy Coast

taasnpstead

(Middlesex)

Nihtly

Waich.

Shrewftmry

JUe&ion.

Land Tax.

Militia Pay and Cioaihing.

Massachuset’s

Bay,

Kcilridtion.

4 %

*74

Coast of North America, between the Bay of C/ialeurs, in the Gulph of St. Lawrence, and the River St. Croix, in the Bay of Fimdy, surveyed by Joseph Frederick Wallet DesBanes, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Passages, within the Town and Parish of Hamp-jlead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein.

The House being informed that William,

Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, desires to withdraw his laid Petition;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 20th Day of February last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration Tomorrow, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Pulteney have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tuesday the 21 ft Day of February last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting ' " an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised

in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One " Thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question fererally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of ComeElicut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfouor other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read;

A. 1775.

And One of the Persons who was ordered to attend this House upon the Report of the said Bill, in order to be examined touching the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Poole, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined relative thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of Nantucket, employed in the Whde Fishery only.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grafTed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| } 2,5

Teller, for the Nocs,$r; |

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrafted.

Mr. Feilde, from the Select Committee, who were Abingdon appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Nathaniel Election. Bayly, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and »

Return for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, informed the House, That the said felcft Committee have determined.

That John Mayor, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Abingdon:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, was a void Election.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to Abingdoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, the last Election for a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough being declared, void-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6* Mar, Hi.

15 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

*75

Martis, 7° die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii III. U Regis, 1775. Prayers.

Skirwfbury I 'HE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration Election. X the'Petition of the Burgesses, and others entitled to vote for Members for the Town of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Burgesses and Voters, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Charlton Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 117 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar:

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and lealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 6th Day of March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner ,c directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker,

put into the said Box on the 6th Day of March 1775," was read.

And the said Nanies, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equai Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six GJafles, placed on the Table for that Purpose, fend were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six GlafiTes, alternately, the said Pieces'of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Four Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lord George , being

drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on a Select Committee appointed for trying the Merits of a controverted Election; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of the Right honourable 7

\Townshendbeing drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Member declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Member; and Vo L. 35.

the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Six, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and One, on Account of his having already in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members (b drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners were called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Henry,

Esquire, who did not require to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused or set aside, as aforesaid, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, accord- Newmarket, ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c.

granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His pre- Road,

lent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stamp Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near the Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge; and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, according Broadwell, to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, tec. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, ("dofure. Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlets or Tythings of and

Fiskins, in the Manor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell St. John, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

’ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do make the Report from Salted Beef, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef,

" Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited " Tirrfe; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British " Dominions in America, for a limited Time," was committed.

Mr.

L.

176 7° Martii.1775.

Hertford Mr. Hatfey reported from the Committee, to whom continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Eighth Gaol, the Petition of several Justices of the Peace and other Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An Inhabitants of the County of Hertford, was referred; " Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth That the Committee had examined the Matter of the " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, " An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the " and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in " for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is " Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in as followeth; viz. " America, for a limited Time," was committed, the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Amendment which the Committee had made to the Cornelius Wilson, Keeper of the Gaol at Hertford, being Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to

examined, laid. That the said Gaol is situated near the the Houseand he read the Report in his Place; a/id Middle of the Town, and so closely encompassed with afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in Buildings, that it is impossible to supply the Prisoners at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was with fresh Air, for wdnt whereof the Gaol is generally Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, unhealthy, and has sometimes been visited with a con- agreed to by the House.

tagious Fever, called the Gaol Distemper, particularly A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for per-in the Year 1773, when the Witness had Two Turnkeys mitting the Importation of Potatoes and Pulse from died of it, and the Apothecary, who then attended the Ireland, Duty free.

Prisoners, was himselt taken dangerously ill. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

That in the Year 1773 there were 36 Felons confined Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, in the Gaol, who were lodged every Night in Two Dun- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be geons under Ground, Eighteen in each; and that the ingrafted.

Gaol is not fit for the Reception of so many Persons j

that the Stench arising from those Dungeons is so bad An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mayow'i in a Morning, that the Witness has been under Appre- for veiling Part of the settled Estates of ElGte.

hensions for his Life, and has found it very difficult to Mayow, Esquire, in Ashbrenton alias in

get Servants to do his Business; and that the Dread of Devon, in Iruftees, to be sold; and settling other the Distemper has prevented People coming to the Estates, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Assizes and Quarter Sessions, and at other Times. Second Time.

That the Number of Prisoners has encreased so much Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George of late Years, that the Gaol is not large enough for their Tenge, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet

Reception; and that the Wards are very inconvenient this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and offensive on Account of their Size. Chamber.

Mr. Benjamin Rook, Under Sheriff of the County of Hertford, informed your Committee, That about 12 Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Trent ind Months ago, when the Distemper was in the Gaol, whom the Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Mersey many Persons in the Town of Hertford, died of a very Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, whose Names Ganal. bad Fever, which was declared by an eminent Surgeon, are subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of to be the Gaol Distemper; and that the Inhabitants are the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation, apprehensive of its breaking out again. was referred; That the Committee had examined, and

That at the last Assizes the Witness had many Appli- found that the said Petition is not within the Stand-cations made to him, by Persons who were summoned ing Orders of the House of the 23th of April 1774, to attend on Juries, to be excused dram such Attend- relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to ance; some of whom declared, they would sooner pay extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already autho-the Penalty, as they thought themselves in Danger of rized by two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years their Lives by attending. of His present Majesty’s Reign, nor to raise any further

That at the Quarter Sessions in April last, on a Pre- Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Com-fentment of the Grand Jury, that great and infectious mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and Disorders had happened among the Prisoners in the had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to Gaol, whereby the Justices of the Peace and Jurors them, to the House; and he read the Report in his were liable to be infefted, and such Infection was Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: likely to spread in the Town of Hertford, and other Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Parts of the County; the Court consented to the Con- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the fincment of future Prisoners in the House of Correction, said Acts were read: And,

in order to prevent the Danger arising from such infec- Mr. Hugh Henfhaw being examined, said. That the tious Diseases. said Company have, in pursuance of the said Acts, pro-

The Witness further said. That in consequence of the ceeded to make a Navigable Canal from the River Trent above Preferment, the Justices at their several Quarter to the River Mersey, and have completed about Seventy-Sessions and various Adjournments, took into Confi- five Miles thereof, and within that Compass have made deration the State of the present Gaol, and thought it the great Tunnel through Harecastle Hill of the Length absolutely necessary that a new one should be erected, of about 2,900 Yards, and also the Tunnel through on a more convenient Spot, and ordered Plans and the Length of about 1,240 Yards.

Estimates to be prepared for that Purpose, and resolved And that the said Company are proceeding to com-on building a new Gaol according to such Plans, and plete the Remainder of the said Canal, being in Length directed that a Petition to Parliament should be pre- about Fifteen Miles, but having nearly expended the pared in consequence of such Resolution. whole of the Money which they have advanced, or are

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabled to advance or borrow', under the said Acts, the taking down the Common Gaol of the County of Hert- said Company arc unable to perfect the said Works, and ford, and for building a new Gaol in a more coramo- pay the Arrears of Interest due to the Proprietors, with-dious Situation: and that Mr. Halsey, Mr. Plumer, Mr. out the further Assistance of Parliament.

Calvert, and Mr. Feilde, do prepare, and bring in, the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to fame. amend and render more effectual Two Acts, paised in

the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present

halted Eeef, Mr. Burke, according to Order, reported from the Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from tct' Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to the River 7rent, at or near in the County

8 ot

J

15 Geo. III.

of Derby, to the River at or near Runcorn Gap:

And that Sir John Wrott Mr. Mr. Anson, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wolverley Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Jaciofure. whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of

Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

177

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens, from the Commissioners (for executing Account* the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain) pre- presented. fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Estimate of the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coasts of Ireland, and also of the West Coast of Great Britain: And also.

An Estimate of the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coast of North America, between the Bay of Cha~ leurs, in the Gulph of Saint Lawreand the River Saint Croix, in the Bay of Fundy, surveyed by Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Barres, Esquire.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

70 Martii.

7th March 1775.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of Engraving Charts of the Coasts of Ireland, and also of the West Coast of Great Britain from Bristol Channel to Cape Wrath, the North Western Promontory of,

including all the adjacent Islands; surveyed by Mr. Murdoch . Prepared in pursuance of ao Order

of the honourable House of Commons, dated 6th Mar. 1775.

The Coasts of Ireland are delineated in 30 Charts, including Views, the smallest of which requiring.

Two Copper Plates, the whole, it is judged, will require no less than 70, for ingraving which, at £. 15 each, is - - ------ 1,050

The West Coast of Great Britain is delineated in 31 Charts, the least of which requiring Two

Copper Plates, the whole will require about 73, which, at £. 15 each, is - - - - 1,095

C

Murdoch

7th March 1775.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence of Engraving Charts of the Coast of North America, between the Bay of Chaleurs, in the Gulph of St. Lawrence, and the River St. Croix, in the Bay of Fundy; surveyed by Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Barres, Esquire. Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 6th March 1775.

Two General Charts, on Five Plates, in Size 32 Inches by 22 -

Ten Coasting Charts, on 28 Plates, Size Ditto ——

Thirty-four Charts of Pilotage into Fifty-two Harbours, fit for the King’s Ships (Twenty-five of which are fit for Ships of the Line) and One hundred and Twenty-five for Merchant and Fishing Vessels, on 58 Plates, Size Ditto ——

Fifty-leven Views of the Shore on 10 Plates, Size Ditto - -- -j-

200 — 980 —

2,071 15 460 —

iC- 3>711 !5

J. F. W. Des Barres.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Yarmouth Mr. Richard Walpole reported from the Committee, Gorlefton *° w^orn Bill for amending and widening the Road Road, leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of Vol. 35.

South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Comnlittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-Z z port

| 1

L

178

7" Maria-. A. 1775:

port to the House; and Jie read thfc Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Orie by One; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fulletby A Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Open Fields, Inch fore, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Fulletby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Sir William May tie, he.: And they are to meet this # Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bishop A Bill for declaring certain Lands, allotted to Jchti Norton Harrison, Esquire, in the Parish of Bishop Norton, in the Inclosure. County of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and -Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Cornezvall, he,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s" Chamber.

Anflruther Mr. Anfiruther presented to the House, according to Easter Order, a Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in Pier, Src. the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall‘be loid or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anfiruther Easter, and Liberties thereof: And the same was received; and . read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Anglesey, The Lord Bulkeley reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting

Road, in Execution an Act, made in the Fifth Year of His

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road leading from " Porthaethwy Ferry, to Holyhead, in the County of " Anglesey,* and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in or near the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry, to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, owing to the Petitioners not having been apprized in Time of the fame, and living at a great Distance; but that the Application for the Renewal of the said Act was talked of and settled in the Country during the Course of lad Summer; and that the said Second-mentioned Petition was signed by 19 in 20, or thereabouts, of the Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants of Houses, lying near the . Road; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Thomas Williams, Esquire, being, examined, . said. That the Trustees have made great Progress' in the

Repairs of the said Road, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 2,600, or thereabouts, which still remains due.

That several Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act; and that the Road cannot be Completely repaired, noi* any further Sum of Money borrowed, unless the Terrm and Powers of the Ad are further continued and enlarged; and for that Purpose it will be necessary to encrease the Tolls.

That the said Road is the great Communication between England and Ireland, and several Parts thereof are overflowed by the Sea, every Spring Tide, so as to render it impassable for several Hours; that it is sometimes overflowed to the Depth of Seven or Eight Feet, and is therefore very dangerous, and many Risks are run by Travellers j that last Spring a Carriage was overturned by the Tide, and several others have been frequently in Danger; and that the said Road cannot be rendered safe, nor the Sea prevented from overflowing the fame, under the Powers of the present Act.

In Support of the Allegations of the Second* mentioned Petition,

Mr. IVWiams being further examined, said. That the Amendment of the said Road has proved of considerable Utility; and that the Petition is signed by 19 in 20, or thereabouts, of the Owners of Estates, and Inhabitants of Houses lying near the Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Ad, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, int ituled, " An Act for repairing and widening " the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead,

" in the County of Anglesey And that the Lord Bulkeley, Sir Hugh Williams, and Mr. Thomas Asheton Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Counsel and Agents for the Burgesses of the Shrewsbury Borough of Shrewsbury, the Petitioners, and for Charlton E,e&ioa. Leighton, Esquire, the Sitting Member, before mentioned, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners and the Counsel for the Sitting Member had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House one of the Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

John Ord, Esquire, William Ezver, Esquire, William Chafin Grove, Esquire, Edzvin Lascelles, Esquire, Charles Brett, Esquire, John Darker, Esquire, John Cooper,

Esquire, John Ehves, Esquire, Lucy Knightley, Esquire,

Richard Aldworth Neville, Esquire, Daniel Lascelles,

Esquire, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, George Bridges Brudensll,

Esquire.

And the Names of t^e Right honourable Thomas Townshend, and Henry Herbert, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr.

Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appoinred to try. the Merits of the Petition of the Burgesses, and others entitled to vote for Members for the Town of Shrewsbury, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Burgesses and Voters, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of the Burgesses,

4f and others entitled to vote for Members for " the Town of Shrewsbury, whose Names are " thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves " and other Burgesses and Voters, referred to

'jjf's

*D!Af

y

u»

0 Marti

15 Geo. III. 70- — 8

" you; and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Order of the Day being read; iVilliams’s The House resolved itself into a Committee of the )e’ot to the whole House, to consider of the Petition of John Adams, Crown. Esquire, Elizabeth Barlow, Widow, Hugh Barlow, Esquire, and Thomas Skyrm Esquire, together with a Certificate thereunto annexed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Owen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Owen accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and HriUiamSkyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty, from William Williams, deceased.

And Mr. Owen moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the - Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty, from William Williams, deceased: And that Mr. , Mr. Rice, and Mr. Owen of Pembroke, do prepare, and bring ioj the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° Martii;

Anno 15°, Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Bedford HjHHE House was moved, that the several Orders, tlcttion. X made upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Confederation,' upon Friday next, the Petition of Samuel Whitbread, of Car in the County of Bedford, Esquire, and John Howard, of the same Place, Esquire, and a!so the Petition of divers Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and Electors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and other Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesdaynext, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Vol. 35.

*79

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, that the several Orders, Sudbury made upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking Election. into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of Sir Walden Haunter, Baronet, on Behalf of himself and

of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, now in the Island of Saint Christophers, and also the Petition of the several Electors for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant March, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers St. Paul, Co-of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint Paul, vent-Garden, CovenlGarden, in the Liberty of Wej and County Poor’ &c‘ of Middlesex, was prefen ted to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have presented a Petition to this House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to . enable them to hire or purchase a convenient Piece of Ground, on which to build a Wrorkhouse, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish; and representing to the House, that the Church Yard of the said Parish hath, from the En-crease of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Burials there, been found too small for the Interment of the Dead; and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if Part of the Ground, so to be hired or purchased for building a Workhouse upon, was permitted to be used and applied to the Purposes of a Burial Ground: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall judge proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the lteftor, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall-appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and wilbech, See, Grounds, in the Parishes of Wijbe Saint Peter's and Drainage. Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom Phillips* the Petition of John Phillips, of Liverpool, was referred; Lighthouse. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, that His Majesty did, by His Letters Patent, bearing Date the 5th Day of

August

r

1

Potterfpury,

&c.

inclosurt.

l8o

8° Martii. A. 1775.

Attguft 1774^ grant unto the ^Petitioner, on certain Rent, a Lease of the stock'or Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, for the Term of 50 Years, commencing from the Date of the said Letters Patent, with full and free Liberty, Licence, and Authority, for creeling a Lighthouse or Lighthouses thereon, and to levy, collect:, and receive, from all Ships or Vessels passing, or that shall pass, the said Lighthouse or Lighthouses, or in Sight thereof, such Tonnage as is therein mentioned, for the Term thereby granted: And,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry WhiteJide, being examined, said, That in Consequence of the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner had contrived a Lighthouse of such singular Construction, that the same may at all Times be distinguished from every other Lighthouse in the World; and that the lame, when erected, will be of the utmost Importance to the Royal Navy, and to the Trade of this Kingdom; the Model of which was produced to your Committee.

And being further examined, he said, That the Petitioner had already expended the Sum of£.1,867, and upwards, in taking Surveys, making Models, purchasing Materials, and in the several necessary Works already performed, in order to carry the Purposes of ^the said Letters Patent into Execution; and that it will require the further Sum off. 1,464, and upwards, to complete the building of the said Lighthouse; and that, when completed, it will require the yearly Expence of £. 724, and upwards, to support and maintain the fame.

Mr. William Ferguson, Owner and Mailer of a Vessel called the Neptune, in the Dublin Trade; and,

Mr. William Huntingdon, Matter of a Vessel trading from Liverpool to London, being severally examined, laid. That the said Lighthouse will be of the utmost Importance to the Royal Navy, and to the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. William Ferguson, being further examined, said, That when the Petitioner first declared his Intention to apply to this House for the Purpose prayed for by his Petition, he fully intended to have opposed the fame, by reason that the Witness then thought, that the Term granted by the said Patent was fully sufficient for the Petitioner to raise Money for, the Purpose of carrying on the said Work; and upon the Witness applying to the Petitioner, to acquaint him with his Intentions, the Petitioner gave the Witness the Letters Patent, with Authority for him to raise Money upon it; and that the Petitioner applied to many Merchants and others to advance Money upon the fame, and even proposed to advance Part himself, but could not prevail with any Person to lend any Money thereon, by reason of the Sbortness of the Time granted by the said Patent; and that the Witness thinks that the Petitioner will not be able to procure any Money to be lent him upon the said Undertaking, unless a Perpetuity is granted to him, as prayed for by the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to ere# and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Roc k: And that Mr. Gascoyne, the Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Rice, and Sir Robert Smyth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Pari 111 of Potierfpury, and Hamlet of Tardley Go by on, in the said Parish of Potierfpury, and also a Parcel of Land called Ketifon Field, in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclcfure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire# ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Alderman Hay ley reported from the Committee, Christchordi to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common BridoCffl[ Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th Day of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Roads, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the firid Petition, an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were impowered to build a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey; and to make several Avenues thereto from the said Bridge, and to light and watch the same when built.

Then another Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were enabled to complete the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side.

Then another Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were impowered to make a Road from the South End of the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road crols Saint George's Fields, and from thence to feme Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey; and by the said A#, the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were impowered to repair, light, and watch, the said Road. Then,

Mr. Robert Mylne, a Surveyor, being examined, informed your Committee, That the said Roads have* been made, pursuant to the Directions of the said last-mentioned Act, and have been found very convenient; but to render the Avenues to the said Bridge of greater Utility, it will be npceflary to make a new Road from a Place at or near Christ Church, in the said County of Surrey, in a strait Line Westward to the Opening adjoining to the Lying-in Hospital near to Westminster Bridge.

And the Witness said, That the Estimateof the Expence of making the said new Road, annexed to the Petition, is a jull and fair Estimate; and that he would undertake the whole Expence of making the said Road for the Sum mentioned in the Estimate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a Road from a Place at or near the Church belonging to the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, in a strait Line Westward to the Opening 7 adjoining

15 Geo. III. 80 Matin. i8r

adjoining to the Lying-in Hospital, near Westminster should be taken out of the Petitioned PovVer, and put Bridge, and for lighting and watching the same: And under the Management of Trustees, to be appointed that Mr. Alderman Hay ley. Sir Charles Whitworth, and out of the Inhabitants only* it may be productive of Sir Francis Vincentx do prepare, and bring in, the great Inconvenience to the Public in general, and tend fame. to defeat the Intention of Parliament, in passing the

ACks for paving, deanfing, and lighting, the City and ourbridge A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Liberty of and Parts adjacent: And there-

Canal. the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of fore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, Warwick, in Common Council assembled, under their against i'uch Bill, and that the same may not pass into Common Seal, and also of the Gentlemen and principal a Law* or that the Petitioners may have such other Inhabitants in and near the same Borough, was presented Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners meet.

observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, . A Petition of the Committee appointed for the Pariflt for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, of Saint Martin in the Fields, to put in F.xecution the or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the several Acts of Parliament for paving, deanfing, lighting. County of Worcester, to or near a Place called Stourton, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places,

in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with in and Parts adjacent, was also presented

the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and also for to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of making Two collateral Cuts out of the said intended the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners Canal, to certain Places, called The Fens, Parcel of apprehend, the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be Personet Chafe, and The Level, other Parcel of Penfnet a Precedent dangerous to the Police of the said City Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County and Liberties; as the taking principal Sheets out of the of Stafford-, and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Provisions of the Acts will to far vyeaken the Trust, as Means of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, a Commu- to make it impossible that the inferior Streets and nication will be opened with several Coal Mines bor- Places can have the Advantages intended by Parlia-dering - such Canal and Cuts; and that large Quan- ment, and naturally proceeding to them, from being tilies of Coals may be conveyed by Water from such included in the same Provisions with Streets where Mines, to the said Borough of Stratford, and its Neigh- larger Sums of Money can be raised, and from

bourhoed, as v. cl'as many other Parts of the County of whence Assistance ought to be derived; and that Warwick, tying on and near to the River Avon, whereby the Petitioner? observe a Clause in the said Bill, di-they will be better supplied with Coals, and at a cheaper reding the Surplus Money, now in the Hands of the Rate than at present, and Flour and Grain may be for- Treasurer to the Commissioners for paving, and the warded from the said Borough and Parts adjacent, into a growing Surplus of the Thoufaftd Pounds per Annum very populous Country lying in the Neighbourhood of received from the Trust, to be paid to the

the said Canal and Cuts, which the Petitioners conceive Trustees to the Bill; that the Petitioners are much will be of great public Benefit: And therefore praying, alarmed at such Provision, and beg Leave to declare. That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for that the said Thousand Pounds per Annum being making the said Canal and collateral Cuts; and that the granted as public Money for the general Purposes of same may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under the Paving Acts, they conceive that every Part of the such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem Limits of the said Acts has an equal Right, one with meet. - another, to the Benefit of the said Surplus; and that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Petitioners think the said Bill very oppressive and Committee, to whom the Petition of John Lord Viscount unreasonable in every Respedr: And therefore praying,-Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the fe- That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the veral other Persons whose Names are thereunto fob- laid Bill, and that the same may not pass into a feribed, residing in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in Law.

the County of Worcester, and concerned or otherwise And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie

interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a

there, is referred. Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to

be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, Piccadilly A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

avi*g,&c. Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving. Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at deanfing, lighting, and otherwise regulating, the the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Petitions.

City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of March.

Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park

Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Colonel reported from the Committee, to

Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to whom the Petition of the Heretors, Justices of Peace, pave, cleanle, and light the fame, and also to water and Commissioners of the Land Tax, for the County of such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing Argyll, in North Britain, whose Names are thereunto lub-the several Laws now in being for those Purposes; and feribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, the with- the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him drawing that Part of Piccadilly and Park Lane, intend- to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; ed by the said Bill, from the Provisions of the said and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-Acts, and taking the Annual Sum of £.200, which livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was was granted for tire several Purposes of the said A'Ct, read, and is as followeth; viz.

and the Rates of the said Places, out of the Power of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Major the Commissioners, will be a manifest Injury to the John Campbell informed your Committee, That the Parillies and Places comprised in the said Act, and Powers granted by Law, in Scotland, relative to High- will greatly lessen the Securities for Monies borrowed ways and Bridges, and the Services, Work, and on the Credit of the Sunday Tolls, and the £. 1,000 per Money, which are thereby authorized to be exacted

Annum granted from the Kensington Trust; and as that and levied, have been found inlufiicient. to make. Part of Piccadilly above described is the most public amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads and Bridges in' Avenue to the Town, it is apprehended, if the same the Shire of Argyll; awl that further and other Powers-Vol. 35. 3 A are

► j

w

L.

Ditto*

Argjrrf

Roads*

&c.

i8s

8° Martii. 775.

are necessary in order effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the County of Argyll: And that Colonel Livingston, Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, the Lord Advocate of Scotland\ and Mr. Henry Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Distressed A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt, now confined debtors. in the County Gaol for Worcestershire, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wolverley An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, Inclosure. f*everai Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wolverley, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wolverley, in the County of Worcester. { Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Account The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the presented. Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Value of al! Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, England, from CJiriJtmas 1767 to Christmas 1769 5 distinguishing each Year, and each Place,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Militia An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay Pay and an(j Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain C oathtng. cauecj for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of

March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read* the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Laws Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to esquire

expiring, what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whit-worthy Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Elections. Mr. Fuller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy Attendance of Freeholders, at Elections of Knights of Shires: And the same was received *, and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Massachuset’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bay, &c. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to restrain the Trade Reftn&ion. an(j Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay

6

arid Nezo Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, that nothing in the Act: shall extend to prohibit the Importation into any, or either, of the said Provinces, of any Fuel, Meal, Corn, Flour, or Victual, which shall be brought Coastwise from any Part of the Continent of America.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declara* tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws madd for those Purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time.-

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes,{ } l8?'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 21. To leave out " said."

1. 22. After " September" to insert " 1775.0

Pr. 9. 1. 13. After " Plantation" to insert " which " Certificates such Governors or <c Commanders in Chief respectivety " are hereby authorized and ret^tfired to grant."

Pr. 10. I.31.7 To leave out " Provided always, 32. y " That" and insert " if it shall appear by the 1 Papers on Boardj " that such Ship or Vessel was fitted " and cleared out from thence before the ift Day of Jim* 1775, or " if" instead thereof.

Pr. 11. 1. 36. After " Governor" to insert " or Commander in Chief."

Pr. 12. 1. 21. After " Governor" to insert "orCommander in Chief."

Pr. 13. 1. 12. After " Governor" to insert "or Commander in Chief."

1. 20. After " Governor"’to insert " or^Commander in Chief."

1. 24.7 After " Governor" to insert " or Com-25.1 " mander in Chief."

1. 29. After " Governor" to insert " or Commander in Chief."

Pr. 14. 1. 7. After " Governor" to insert "or Commander in Chief."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, agreed :o by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

Ordered,

Ik GeO. IIL 8° Martii. 183

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shrewsbury Mr. Ord, from the Select Committee, who were ap-

Election. pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Burgesses, and others* entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the Town of whose Names are ..thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of

themselves, and other Burgesses, and Voters, complaining of an undue Election , and Return for the Borough or Shrewsbury, in {he County of Salop, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Charlton Leighton, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That William Pulteney, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shrewsbury.

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

7 hat William Pulteney, Esquire, is duly eletted a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shrewsbury.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House To-morr <w Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of in the County of Salop; and amend the fame, by rating out the Name of Charlton Leighton, Esquire, and interring the Name of William Pulteney, Esquire, instead thereof

American The Lord North presented to the House, by His Colonies. Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated 27 th

January 17/ Received 7th; inclosing,

Copy of a Petition of the Magistrates and sundry inhabitants of Scituate and And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whdfni it is referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, and the- m, *5Hi, and 24th Days of February last, and the 3d Day of this Instant by His Majesty’s

Command.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Kndon Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, 0D* a Bill to incapacitate William , James

Junior, James Anderson, Senior, Renalder Bowles, Luke Beckett, Son of Walter Beckett, Philip Beckett, Edward Beckett, Seevyer, Reuben Burnett, John Bishop, Walter Beckett, John Beckett, Son of William Beckett, Bricklayer, Philip Beckett, Junior, William Brookes, John Beckett, Baker, Benjamin Beckett, John Baldwin, John Beckett, John Bell, John Beckett, Seevyer, Luke Beckett,

Edward Beckett, Mason, William Burnett, William Beckett, William Bye, Senior, ’Thomas Bye, William Bye, Junior, John Beckett, Butcher, Thomas Brookes, John Bozvles, Joseph Cuffe in the Dean, Joseph Choi fey. Junior, William Chiverell, Joseph Senior, Samuel

Collier, John Chiverell, Benjamin Cholfey Junior, Nathaniel Cuffe, William Crabb, William Cuffe, Senior, Hedger, Benjamin Cholfey, Senior, Francis Chiverell, William Cuffe, Junior, John Davis, Senior, John Davis, Junior, Samuel Dave, John Dewey, John Dukes, Senior, John Dukes, Junior, George Dukes, Matthew Davis, , William Day, John Doxble, Robert Day, William Dukes, Thomas Dukes, James Davis, John Edwards, Labourer, John Edwards, Glazier, Richard James Ed-

wards, Andrew Farrett, Samuel Farthing, Thomas Field, VpL. 35.

Samuel Field, John Gilbert, William Jervoice

Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Joseph Gilbert, James Gilbert,

John Gone, James Gough, Thomas Harden, Stephen Harding, Taylor, William Hacker, Edward Haliiday, John Hart, George Hayward, Thomas Howell, William Harding, Cooper, John Hooper, Senior, John Hooper, Junior, Henry Huffe, Senior, Henry Hnffe, Junior, William Harden, Thomas Harden, Taylor,

Taylor, Richard Harden, Taylor, William Harden,

Labourer, Harry Jukes, John Ingram, Junior, Henry Jcrrard, Richard Ingram, Francis Ingram, John Lank-ham, William Lucas, William Lamb, Joseph Lamb, James Lambert, Thomas Lanham, John Marsham, Malffter,

Isaac Moody, EJzvardMead, Francis Mead, John

Moore, Thomas Moore, John Merchant, Joseph Modi,

Luke Mead, Luke Marsham, Senior, Luke Marfnam,

Junior, John Marsham, Sawyer, Joseph Norton, William Newton, William Nefbick, William Newton, Junior, the Reverend John Nairn, Roger Norton, Joseph Norton, Samuel Norton, Hairy Of borne, John Penny, Richard Pitman, WallerPiercy, James Penny, Penny, Wil-

liam Mercy, Elias Pitman, Thomas Piercy, Edward Piercy,

Nathaniel Phillips, Samuel Phillips, Randall, Ed-

ward Ranger, Francis Ranger, William Ranger, Thomas Richardson, John Ranger, John Richardson, John Ran-some, Robert Ranger, William Steevens, Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, James Smart, William Snook, George,

Junior, Thomas.....Steevens, William Spender, John

Steevens, Breeches-maker, Elias Steevens (Hag) Edward Shergold, George Spender, Matthew Steevens, William Steevens (Hag) George Steevens (Hag) Jbhn Steevens,

Senior, (Hag) James Steevens (Hag) John Steevens,

Junior (Hag) Thomas Steevens (Hag Charles Sympfon, Robert Small alias Taylor, Elias

Steevens, Son of George, James Isaac Savage,

Henry Savage, John Steevens, Son of Thomas

Shergold, Thomas Shergold, Junior, Joseph Scammel,

William Sandle, William Sandle, Junior, EtkeardTulick,

Luke Tiley, Thomas Wier, Sawyer, Robert Labourer, Moses Weeks, Edward While, Hedger, James Wier, Grocer, Edward White, Ratcatcher, Robert Wier, Butcher, Matthew White, Junior, William,

Matthew White, Senior, Charles Wier, James,

Labourer, John While, Wiliiajn , Thomas Wier, and John Wier, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the pry venting Bribery and Corruption in the Ele<ftion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 29th Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the said Bill, and of the Order for reading it a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 29th Day of this Instant March, be served on all the several Persons named therein.

Resolved, That leaving the said Copies at the respective Places of Abode of the Persons named in the said Bill, be deemed good Service.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, American That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Colonic* that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Lieutenant Governor Colden, of the 10th December 1774

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ditto, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants,

Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several

other

184 8° — 9 0 Ma 1775.

other Petitions referred to the Confederation of the said Committee;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

American The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Colonies. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31st Days of January last, the ill, 15th, and 24th Days of February last, the 3d Day of this Instant March, and this Day, by His Majesty’s Command.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred-, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and ®Iean* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

(apply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

— f ——

Jovis,9* Martii;

Anno 15° Georgii III*U Regis, 1775. Prayers.

jTyfniel Henry Rucker took the Oaths appointed, in * order to his Naturalization.

Shrew (bury The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according EteOioo. j0 Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Royer (from presented. the Commissioners of the Customs in )attended

at the Door , he was called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Corn and Flour exported from Scotland to the Sugar Colonies, for Ten Years preceding Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Value of Goods exported from Scotland to Ireland, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Train Oil and . Blubber imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up i distinguishing the Countries from which the same have been imported: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rape Seed and Rape

Oil imported into Scotland, from Christmas 1772 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can be made up distinguishing the Countries from which the same have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Royer (from the Ditto, Commissioners of Excise in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expence of collecting and managing the Revenue of Excise in Scotland, for Three Years, ending at the 5th July 1773; distinguishing each

Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Peebles ud Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honour^ able James Montgomery, His Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland, on Behalf of himself and the other Trusteo6 appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " several Roads, in the County of Peebles, lading " from Tweedfcross towards the City of Edinburgh, by " Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and and by Linton

" and Carlops, and from Inguylou, through Carlops,

" until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County " of Edinburgh," was referred; That the Committee

had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with y but that, at a Meeting held by the Trustees of the said ACI, about the Middle of October last, it was recommended to the Commissioner of the Shire for the County, to apply for a Renewal thereof; and that the Trustees and Other Gentlemen of the County were not apprised of the said Standing Orders; and that the Comnnitee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Andrew Nelson, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have made some Progress in the Repair thereof; but that he is certain the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged; and that the>Trustees of the said Act were unanimous for the Application -, and that he believes no Opposition is intended to the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the l-veral Road-, in the County of Peebles, leading from 1 towards

the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleston through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Cojmo Gordon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An

15 Geo. III. 9° Martii. 185

An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to

lesson, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Salted Beef, An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further Time, an &c* Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, fer a limited Time; and for allowing the Jmportation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, " from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " Time," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, " An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, " made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an " Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation " of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, " from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " Time and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered. Account of Wool, Woollen Yarn, and Worsted, imported from Ireland, for 21 Years past; distinguishing the Years, and the Ports into which all or either of the said Articles have been imported.

Hanmer Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. g;j| for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Mofies, Heaths, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer, in the County of Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commitfee had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the IIoulc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, and a Member who had not been sworn at the Table, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ol. 35*

trmouth idge to Gorlellon Road.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, Lrndon to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common precina. Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; snd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Rfcign, was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Commissioners were appointed for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the feme; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Then another Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City, of London, and Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within thq fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing the said former Act, was read.

Then another Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted byfeveralAfts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets,

Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, AlLys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, was also read; and by a Clause in the said Act, it appeared, that the Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was repealed. And,

Mr. Henry Hall, being examined, said. the

Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act have been found of great Utility; but that some further Provisions and Amendments are necessary, in order to carry the good Purposes thereby intended effectually into Execution.

And he further said. That there is no Power vested in the Commissioners under the said Act, to pave, cleanse, or light, that Part of the great Street leading from Fleet Street to Black Fryars Bridge, which lies within BridewellPrecinct, or any other Part of the said

Precinct, nor to rate or assess the Occupiers of Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the same, towards the Rate consolidated by the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending, and " rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers,

" within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and " for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes,

" Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places,

"‘and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the lame;" and for empowering the Commissioners under the said Act to pave, cleanfc, and light, that Part of the great Street which leads from

Fleet Street to Black Fryars Bridge, and which lies within Bridewell Precinct, and for preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Hay ley, and Mr. Alderman Bull, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Guernsey presented to the House, accord-

3 B ins

186 90 Martii* 1775* '

ing to Order, a Bill for vesting in James Engi-

atent* neer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited: And‘the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pratt:

Mr. Speaker,

Jouenne’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Louis without any Amend-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

American A Petition of Gentlemen, Merchants, and Traders Colonies. in the Woollen Manufactory, at or near , in

the West Hiding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read ;Setting forth, That the Petitioners are very elsenfially interested in the Woollen Trade of the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, and particularly in the Narrow Cloths; and that the Trade there has been good the last Year, and is lo at the present, notwithstanding the Difficulties that it necessarily meets with from the Conduct of the , in pre-

fuming to obstruct the Trade from thence to many of the Colonies in America; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that any Submission to their unjust and unlawful Demands would be most prejudicial to the Petitioners, as well as to the Kingdom in general, as it would tend to make them more insolent, and totally to overthrow the lawful Authority which the King and Parliament mull have over all its Dominions; but, should the Petitioners suffer a present Loss, they are willing to do so, rather than a certain future one, which mull involve themselves and their Posterity, and consequently the whole Kingdom, in perpetual Distress: And therefore praying the House will take all such Measures as shall be thought adviseable, to support the lawful Authority of this Kingdom, and maintain the just Rights and Privileges thereof, in Opposition to all its Enemies whatsoever.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " whom" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " it is " referred tocontlder further of the several Papers which " were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon " the 19th and 31st Days of January last, the ift, 15th, " and 24th Days of February last, and the 3d and 8th

Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the manufacturing Hosiers of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; renewing their Application to the House, from a deep Sense of the Importance of the Facts contained in their former Petition, from a perfect Knowledge of their Truth, and apprehensive of

the unhappy Influence which art intervening Petition from the other Inhabitants of the said Town, intituled,

A Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriffs, principal Manufacturers, and Inhabitants thereof,’ ’ may have upon the Deliberations of Parliament at this important Juncture; and, knowing no greater Crime to their Country, than to approach their Representatives with Falsehood, and thereby mislead the great Council of the Nation, the Petitioners beg Leave to express their Abhorrence of the unjust Representation of the Manufacturers of this Town and Neighbourhood, which Men, styling themselves its Aldermen, principal Manufacturers, &e. have not been afraid to present to the House; and that the former Petitioners do constitute a very great Majority of the real Manufacturers of this Town, and the present Petitioners are the Committee appointed by them to transact this Business; the Distress they represented in their former Petition is real, has already in some Measure taken place, and they are persuaded mull encrease upon them every Day, beyond their Abilities to support, should the present Cessation of the North American Trade continue; and the contrary Representation of Men, ill capable of judging of their Trade or its Dependencies, has no Foundation in Truth, not One-fifth of the Signers of that Petition being Manufacturers, or any way concerned in the North American Trade; and it is to obviate the Impression which such Misrepresentation may have, to second that Relief which the House may be now meditating for their Distress, and to contribute by their particular Experience to that perfect Knowledge of the real State of the Manufactory of this Town and Neighbourhood, that the Petitioners earnestly entreat that they may be heard, in Proof of the several Allegations in this their present and former Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred; and that these Petitioners be heard, before the said Committee, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Unwin, Junior, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to shrewflwry the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Election. the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, in the room of the Right honourable Robert Lord Clive, Baron of Plajfey, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wendover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Eleaion. the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVendover, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of Joseph Bullock, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of F.afi Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Coal admeasuring Waggons' and other Carriages used in Waggon«, loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of and Sunderland: And that Mr. Cooper and Captain do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Promiffocy to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration a Practice, which has lately c’ prevailed, of negotiating Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange of a small Value, and the Inconveniencies arising therefrom, be now read.

And

O/frces and Employments

American

Colonies.

New Jersey, &c. Restriaion.

HcIMon Election.

15 Geo. III*. 90- — io

And the said Order being redd accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments} and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped} and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Sir Charles and Mr. Buller, of Morval, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

'she House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord Norlh, upon the 19th and 31st Days of last, the ift,

15th, and 24th Day of February last, and the 3d and 8th Days of this Instant March, by His Majesty’s Command;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the floufe will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penjilvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penjilvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West 'Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations: And that the Lord North, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the dock.

Veneris, 10° die Martii'y

Anno 150 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Philip Yorke and Francis Esquires, and also the Petition of Richard Johns, Junior, Alderman, and of Matthew , Richard Johns, Vol. 3J.

Mar tit. i 87

Edmund Johns, Richard Penhali, an'd William *

Freemen of the Borough of Hellefton, in the- County of Cornwall, complaining of the undue Election and Return of the Marquis of , and Francis

Owen, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, paired in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections* or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker* to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 114 Members being found to be present j

The Petitioners, Philip Torke and Francis Esquires, with their Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, ligned by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 9th Day of " March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box on the 9th Day of March 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there Ihaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Johttftone, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioners; and the said Member having in his Place consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his fervingon the said Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members then present* were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the

House,

188

ioe Martii. 1775.

Scaldwell

Inciolure.

C!ceve Prior Inciolure.

Pinvin

Inciolure.

Thames and His Navigation,

Bedford Level, See. Drainage.

House; Five, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions w er depending, and Two on Account of their then serving on a Select Committee appointed for trying the Merits of a controverted Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, an 1 not excul'ed or let aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Members were called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whose Name had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by lx>t, to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Bamber Esquire, who did not require to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee; and who was not obje<sted to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, so drawn, and not exculed or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Petitioners, Mr. Torke and Mr. Cujl, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Seieift Committee, immediately withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pasture, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Seal dwell, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Sir George Robinson,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Worcester, was

read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Foley, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the 1 itlx Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the City of London to the Town of

Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relates to the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Griffith, Mr. Elzves, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Joint HyndeCotton presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners afling by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year or the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preferring the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crow-land, to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level 9

and the said adjoining Lands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates and Chattels, devised by the Will of Richard Raynsford, Esquire, deceased; and Part of certain Estates, comprised in a Settlement made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford the younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to fell the lame.j and for applying the Money to arile by such Sale, in such Manner a6 in the said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conicnt to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Lessees, Owners, and Occupiers, of Stratford Place, in the County of to pave, cleanse, light, water, watch, and fence in the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read ’a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Mosses, Heaths, and Commons, in the l^rish of Hanmer, in the County of Flint, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Mosses, Heaths, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from t!;- Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, v.ao committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Poiterfpury, and Hamlet of Yardtey Gobyon, in the said Parish of Poiterfpury, and also a Parcel of Land, called Kenfon Field, in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the County of Northampton, which Bill was, upon IVed-nesday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the same had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed

Raynsford Hit ate.

Stratford Place, Mary-Jc-Done Paving, &c.

Hanmer

Inciolure.

Oxford

Canal.

Potterfpury,

See.

Inclosure.

15 Geo III. 10 6 Martii.180

formed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives H is Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrafted, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved', That the Bill do pass: 'And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Potlerfpury, and Hamlet of Yardley in

the said Parish of Potlerfpury, and also a Parcel of Land, called Kenfon Field, in the Parish of Gfgrave, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill t’o the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Rucker’s A Bill for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker, was read Nat. a Second Time. %

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Darker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hamp.lead Ordered, That Mr. Filmer be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Watch. a K'H for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Passages, within the Town and Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishinga Nightly Watch therein.

Piccadilly A Petition of the Committee for paving, cleansing,

Paring, &c. and fighting, the Parish of St. Anne, Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly, as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light, the fame; and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing the several Laws . now in being for those Purposes; and Setting forth,

That the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill pafles into a Lawr, exempting the Inhabitants ot that Part of Piccadilly and Park Lane from the general Powers and Regulations already granted by Parliament, the same may be productive of many Evils and Inconveniences, and, in its Consequence, subversive of the general Plan of Regulation, which the Inhabitants of and

other Parts of the Town have been at so much Pains and Expence toefcablish, under the Management of the present Commissioners: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do fie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, , against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think; fit. ' »*

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Helleftorr Philip Yorke and Francis Cuff, Esquires, the Peti-

Elcibon. tioners before mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Sele<fl Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk imormed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately {truck off One of the Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Members then remaining unftriick; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Voi.. 35.

William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Colonel James Murray, Sir Francis Vincent, Baronet, Sir John Cotton;

Baronet, Rowland Holt, Esquire, Lord Sir

George Cornewall, Baronet, John Tempeff, Esquire, Sir

Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, John Darner, Esquire,

George Bridges Brudenell, Esquire, Richard Betty on, Esquire, Francis Page, Esquire.

And the Names of George J Esquire, and Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Philip Yorke and Francis Cujl,

Esquires, and also the Petition of Richard Johns, Junior, Alderman, and of Matthew , Rickard Johns,

EdmUnd Johns, Richard Penhall, and John Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of Hellefton, in the County of Cornwall, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the '

Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly " try the Matter of the Petition of Philip " Yorke and Francis Cujl, Esquires, and also " of the Petition of Richard Johns, Junior,

" Alderman, and of Matthew Wills, Richard " Johns, Edmund Johns, Richard Penhall, and " William Rogers, Freemen of the Borough of " Helleston, in the County of Cornwall, referred

" to you; and a trud Judgment give according " to the Evidence.

" So help you GOD."

And then the Petitioners, Mr. Yorke and Mr. , with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjourn-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning menu next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wavl resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for railing Jhe Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His,

Majesty;

"-. Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War. in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Estimate of the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coasts of , and '

also o"f the West Coast of Great Britain; and also, the Estimate of the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coast of North Amctica, between the Bay of Cha/ews, in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and the River Croix, in the Bay of Fundy, surveyed by Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Banes, Esquire, be referred to the said Committee;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-3 C quainted

o

0 Mar tit.

io

J3

iquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such Provision, for defraying the Expence of engraving the said Charts, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Estimates be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncey 130 die Martii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Quadring, T O R D Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, &c- I j according to Order, a Bill for dividing and in-Indofure. cj0fing ^he Common Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Quadring, and in Quadring Hundred, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whichcote’s Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Estate. £0 vvpcm tj,c ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Esquire, and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of Wilts, entailed by the Will of Francis Tregagle, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Monies anting by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrance therein mentioned, and for laying out the Remainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; anti that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refj’ved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Lord do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Stockport Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom

Streets, &c. the Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses and Lands, within the Town and Township of

port, in the County Palatine of was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter ol the

x

4- 177$-

said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Nezvton being examined, said, That Stockport is a populous Town and a Place of great Trade, and that great Inconveniencies arise for want of its being properly lighted.

That the Streets are narrow and incommodious to the great Hindrance of Trade.

That if the Town was lighted, and Obstructions and Annoyances removed, and Power given to enlarge the Streets and Passages, and to purchase Buildings and Grounds necessary for the Purpose of widening the Streets, and rendering the same commodious, and to make Rates and Assessments for defraying the Expence of l'uch Powers, it would tend to the Advantage of the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester; for widening and rendering commodious some of the Streets and Passages in the said Town; and for removing Obstructions, Projections, Nuisances, and Annoyances, from the several Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, and for preventing the like lor the future: And that Mr. Egerton and Mr. Crewe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Garden reported from the Committee, to whom Aberdeen the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Streeu* Council, of the City of Aberdeen, in North Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Longlands, being examined, said. That the City of Aberdeen has of late Years greatly encrealed in Buildings, and is, as well as the Approaches thereto, very badly paved, lighted, cleansed, and not sufficiently supplied with fresh Water; that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if Power was given (o remedy the above-mentioned Inconveniencies; to remove and prevent Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions; to establilli a regular Nightly Watch; and to regulate the keeping of Gunpowder in Houses and Warehouses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better supplying the City of Aberdeen with fresh Water; for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching, the Streets and other Places of the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Garden and Mr. Lyon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Caw (Clerk,

of the Company of Mercers of the City of,) at-

tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1773 to " the joth of October 1774, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of the " 2ill Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief " of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty " of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London-,

" and the other of the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An

15 Geo. III. 13 a Martii.i 9 i

An Act for the Relief'of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery " of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is prei'erved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Stoorbrid e Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Canal/ Ctrencester, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of to or near a

Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the and

J/iire Canal, and also for making Two collateral Cuts out of the said intended Canal, to certain Pisces called The Fens, Parcel of Penfnet Chafe, and The other Parcel of Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kings in the said County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, great Quantities of Coal will be forwarded, from the Coal Mines lying near thereto, down the River Severn, whereby the said Borough and the adjacent Country may be supplied with so necessary and valuable a Commodity upon better Terms than at present, which the Petitioners conceive will be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and in particular to the Poor of the said Borough, and be otherwise of public Utility:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill, for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts; and that the same pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, in Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Application; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, that, by Means of such intended Canal and collateral Cuts, great Quantities of Coal, Iron Goods, Glasshouse Pot Clay, and other Wares and Merchandizes, will be carried and navigated at a cheaper Rate, to the said City and other Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners, as well as many other Parts of the County of Worcester, may be supplied with the said Commodities, and particularly Coals, upon lower Terms that at present, which will be of great public Benefit, and essentially serviceable to the Trade and Poor of the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill, for making the said Canal and collateral Cutsj and that the same may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of *John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whoseNamesare thereuntofubferibed, residing in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, is referred.

Apedale, Sec. Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

Canal. the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Nigel Grefley, Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Greftey, Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in Apedale, in the County of Stafford, to Nevacastle under Lyne, was committed.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Alle-Vol. 35.

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Tlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where tire Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Richard Warwick Bamffyldereported from the Northcote’* Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the £l^ates* Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees, named in the Settlement of Sir Stafford Northcote, Baronet, deceased, to raile a competent Sum of Money, by Way of Mortgage of Part of the Hereditaments comprized in such Settlement, to be applied in completing the Purchase of an undivided Moiety, or Half Part, of the Manor of Iddefley, in the County of Devon, to be settled to the same Uses, and for the like Purposes, as the other undivided Moiety of the same Manor stands limited and charged by the Settlement and Will of the said Sir Stafford Northcote, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Watt'* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use Patent* and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Guernsey;Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Bengworth mon Fields, and other Common Lands, within the Parish ^ncl°sure* . of Bengworth, in the County of Worcesterwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -zvard Foley, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Knightleypresented to the House, according to Cranford

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Inclosure» mon and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Committee, appointed for the Piccadilly Parish of Saint George, Hanover Sqto put in Exe- Pav,nS' cution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleafing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, in Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part ot Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between

Piccadilly

Coal Waggons, Sc c*

New Jersey, See. Rcflridion.

Mitford, Sec. Poor.

19a

"Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford to

pave, cleanse, and light, the fame, and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid, and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes; and Setting forth, That the taking principal Streets out of the Provisions of the Atts for Paving will make it impossible that the inferior Streets and Places can have the Advantages intended by Parliament, and naturally proceeding to them from being included in the same Provisions with Streets where larger Sums of Money can be raised, and from whence Assistance ought to be derived; and that the Petitioners observe a Clause in the said Bill, giving a Power to make a Rate on the Occupiers of Houses in Piccadilly, between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and within Park Lane-, and reprel'enting to the House, that an additional Rate has been, pursuant to the Act of the nth Year of His present Majesty, laid by the Petitioners on the Occupiers of Houses between Street and Berkeley

Street, together with other Streets in the said Parish, which laid additional Rate has been mortgaged for very considerable Sums of Money, pursuant to the Powers of the said Act; and that it will be a peculiar Hardshipon the said Money Lenders, if the said Clause should pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners think the said Bill very opprefilve and unreasonable in every Respect; And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Hie same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for admeasuring Waggons, and other Carriages, used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House,. according to Order, a Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Maryland,

Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain

Conditions and Limitations: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Edward Aftley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Nobility, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Tithes Impropriate, and Hereditaments, within the Hundreds of Mitfcrdand Launditch, in the Counlv of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto fub-lcribt.il, on Behalf of themselves, and others, chargeable with, and contributing to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundreds, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as tolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Rickard Leath being examined, said. That he

A. 1775.

was born within the Hundred of JSIitford, in the County of Norfolk, and had lived there 50 Years, and that he had acted as Clerk to Three Justices for levcra! Years.

And being asked, If he was acquainted with the State of the Poor in the Hundreds of Mitford and Laun-ditch ?he laid, he w'as; and that the Poor within those

Hundreds have greatly encrealed for several Years past; that they are now very numerous, and maintained and supporfed at much greater Charge than formerly, and that the Expences of maintaining them are yearly encreasing.

And the Witness laid. That from the Situation he was in, as Clerk to the Justices, he had had an Opportunity of inspecting the Overseers Accounts; and from that Inspection in particular he grounded his Information of the Encreale of the Expences of maintaining the Poor.

And being asked, Whether he meant to say, that the Poor had encrealed in all the Parishes within those Hundreds? he laid, he meant in the Parishes in general.

And being asked. If the Parish Accounts don’t include other Expences besides the Money disbursed for the Relief of the Poor? he said, they include the Constables Account and the County Rate.

And being asked, If the Expences of the Work-house at Deerhamwere not encrealed ? he said, they

were; and he attributed the Encreale of those Expences to the Encreale of the Poor; and that the Poor within the Workhouse have been farmed to a Governor for .£.305 a Year, who provided them with every Thing, and had the Advantage of their Labour, over and besides his Allowance; but that the Governor’s Allowance has been advanced within these few Months 45 a Year.

And being asked. What Ground he had for saying that the Expence of maintaining the Poor was encreased in the Parishes in general ? he said, from his general Observation of the Amount of the Expences at Rafter, and from the Report of the Parish Officers; and also from the more frequent Complaints of late to the Magistrates for Relief.

And being asked, Whether he usually saw at the Amount of the Poor Accounts of the several Parishes within these Hundreds ? he laid, he did; and that they contain the Amount of the annual Expence of maintaining the Poor in each respective Parish; and that the Expence is in general encreased. Then,

Mr. Robert Suckling, who had occupied Two Farms in the Parish of Soulhburgh, in the Hundred of ford, within a few Years past, being examined, laid.

That he knows the Hundreds of Mitford and Lam-ditch-, that he has known them above Seven Years: and "v that the Poor within the said Hundreds are very numerous, and the Charges of maintaining them greater than formerly, which are still encreasing.

And being asked, If he knew any Thing of the Poor’s Rates in any other Parish than Southburgh I he laid, he knew a great many; that lie had examined the Books of the Overseers of many Parishes, %y which it appeared, that the Poor’s Rates of such Parishes had greatly encrealed. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and L in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Edward Mr. Milks,

Mr. Jackson, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the major Part of the principal Inha- Ditto, bitants of the Parish of East Deerham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the said Inhabitants have been informed, That Application is intended to be made, for Leave to bring in a Bill, next Sessions, to eivtt a general

130 Mar til.

Rolewright

kc.

Indofarc.

Broadwclli

kc.

Inclosure.

’Phillips’s

ightlxoufe

15 Geo. III. 13 Mar t 195

neral House of Industry within Three Quarters of a Mile of the Town of Dearham, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor of Milford and Lamditch Hundreds, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will greatly endanger the Health of the Inhabitants'

Den'ham, by its Vicinity, and the Number of Poor which must always be in such Houses by uniting Two large and populous Hundreds; and that the said Parish of East Dearham hath, for many Years past, provided itself with a Workhouse, and furnished the lame, at a very great Expence, for the Reception of the Poor, sufficient to maintain and employ them, and by Experience found effectual towards every good Purpose of an House of Industry; and that the’Petir tioners are informed, and believe, that no public Notice, by Advertisement, or otherwise, has been given, by any of the Promoters of the said intended House of Industry, previous to their signing the Petition, for a public Meeting of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Lands within the said Hundreds, to consider of the Utility or Inutility of an House of Industry; which, the Petitioners apprehend, ought to have been done, to be consistent with the Rules or Orders of the House; and that the said Parish of East Dearham is a very large trading, and the only Market, Town within the said Hundreds; and thit several of the Petitioners, being privately attended by the Soli, citors for the said intended Bill, and not having proper Tinie to digest the Subject Matter of an House of In. dustry, unguardedly signed the Petition, not expecting the said Parish of EaJlDearham was to be included therein, having a Workhouse sufficient for its own Poor: And therefore praying, that the said Parish of East Dearham may be exempted from the said in tended Bill, as they are apprehensive of many evil Consequences to the Inhabitants, and much Injury to the Trade and Commerce of the Town, by incorporating the Poor of the said Parish of East Dearham with the Pdor of the said Hundreds in a general House of Industry, which must inevitably throw all the Money usually raised and expended in the said Parish into the Hands of Contractors and Jobber.; and, in case the said intended Bill should pals into an A&» that the House will be plealed peremptorily to order that the said intended House of Industry be not erected within Three Miles of the Market Place of East.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of and

in the County of Norfolk, be brought in.

The Lord JVenman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable C-loses, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great

Rolezvright, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlets or Tithings of Broadwell and in the

Manor and Parish of Broadz otherwise Sain! John, in the County of was read a Second

'lime.

Refj/ved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Pape, See.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oi the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty. of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Brijl'h,under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-

tioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition of Jghu Vcl. 35

Phillips, Proprietor for a Term of Years, by Grant from his Majesty, of certain Rocks called The Smalls, in: Saint George's Channel, hath been presented to the House; setting forth, his Intention of erecting a Light-house thereon; and praying to have the said Rocks granted to him in Perpetuity, and that all Ships and Vessels passing the said Rocks may be charged with a certain Rate per Ton, but: what Rate does not appear J and that it is a Matter of great Doubt to the Petitioners* whether, a Lighthouse can he Supported on the said Rocks; but, if Experience shall shew that it can, the Petitioners apprehend it may prove useful to Ships and Vessels passing" between the Port of and

Ireland, or to the Northward of the said Rocks; but the Petitioners conceive that a Distiri&ion by the Colour of the Light will not be sufficient todistinguish at Sea that Light from others; and that nothing less than shewing Three Lights will be sufficient for that Purpose; and that the Tract of Ships and Vessels corning from the Westward, Southward, or Eastward, does not lie within View, of the said Light, for which Reason.such Ships ought.not to be subject to any Duty; And therefore praying, That, if it shall appear reasonable to the House to grant, the Petition of the said John Phillips, that no Ships or Vessels coming to or going from the said Port., except such as go to or come from Ireland, and such as go to the Northward of the said Lights, may be chargeable with the Duties to be imposed for the Maintenance thereof; and that such Duties may be reasonable, and payable only whilst the said Lights are well maintained; and that the same may not be made perpetual, but be totally annihilated in case the Light house should be destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalts; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to.enable him the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock, be brought in ’

Sir Charles fVhitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom k was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions \vhich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz, »

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Ninety-seven thousand Three hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and ordinary, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Forty-four thousand Six hundred and Eighty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to be applied, by the Commissioners of Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenzvich, for the Support and Relief of

Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country', who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Forty-live Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of engraving Charts of

3 P tin?

Supply,

Ways y mad Means.

Supply.

Bedford

tle&ion.

194 13 d — 140 Martii. A. 17 7 5T-

of the Coasts of Ireland, and also of the West Coast of Great Britain, from Bristol Channel to Cape , the

North Westera Promontory of including

all the adjacent Islands, surveyed by Mr. Murdoch M'Kenzie.

Resolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred Eleven Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coast of North America, between the Bay of Chaleurs, in the Gulph of Lawrence, and the River Saint , in the Bay of Frndy, surveyed by Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Bar res, Esquire.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read $

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 14° die Mar tii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel Whitbread and John Howard, Esquires, and also the Petition of divers Burgestes. Freemen and Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and Electors for that Borough on Behalf of themselves and other Burgesses, 'Freemen and Inhabitants being Householders of Bedford, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir William Wake, Baronet, and Robert Sparrow, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The.House proceeded to the Appointment of aSeleft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 105 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioners, Samuel Whitbread, and John Howard, Esquires, their Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Gounfel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Car: The Clerk appointed to Attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, 4

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspefeed by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, ligned by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 13th Day of " March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re+ " turns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read;

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and ligned by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Pretence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box on the 13th Day of March 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glades, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; £nd then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glaflbs, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were riot objected-to.

And the Name of Lord George Germain being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioners; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving' on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set alide.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of Richard Jackson, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Members declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Members; and the said Member having in his Place, contented to i’uch Nomination, and no objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn and let aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, on Account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; and Six, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, and Two Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened:

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Petitioners, Mr. Whitbread and Air. HozcarJ, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

Sir John Hynde Cotton, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of

the Petition of Philip 1orke and Francis Esquires, and also the Petition of Richard Johns, Junior, Alderman, and of Matthew Wills, Richard Johns, Edmund

Johns,

i5 Geo. III. 14® Marta. 195

Johns, Richard Penhall, and William Rogers, Freemen of ths Borough of Hellefon, in the County of complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Francis Godolphin OJborney commonly called Marquis of is not duly

elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hell in the County of Cornwall:

And also, That the said Committee have determined. That Francis Owen, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hellejion:

And also. That the said Committee have determined, That Philip Torke, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of

And also. That the said Committee have determined. That Francis Cujl, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hellejion:

And all'o, That the said Committee have determined. That Philip Yorke, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hellejion:

And also. That the said Committee have determined, That Francis Cujl, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough

of Hellejion:

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered That the Deputy Cleric of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall; and amend the fame, by rafing out the Names ci the Right honourable Francis Godolphin O/borne, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, and Francis , Esquire, and inserting the Names of Philip Torke and Francis Cujl, Esquires, instead thereof.

Newmarket A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Crops, in the Counties of Cambridge^nd Suffolk', for repairing the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near the Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge; and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of ,. to the present

Turnpike Road from thence to Thetford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Colton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners affing by virtue L ve!, &c. of an Act, made in the 27th.Year of the Reign of his D:aina0e. Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North 1 xrvel, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, -to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level and the said adjoining Lands, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stcurfcridge A Petition of several Proprietors of Salt Works, and Canal.0 of the Chief Magistrates and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Droitzuich, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Vol. 35.

Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the Staffordshire and Canal; and also for making collateral Cuts, out of the said intended Canal to certain Places, called The Fens and The Level, Parcel of Chafe, in the

Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of;

and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of the said intended Canal, [and collateral Cuts, large Quantities of Coal will be navigated from the Coal Mines lying near such Canal, and collateral Cuts, whereby the said Borough and the Salt Works within the same, as also the adjacent Neighbourhood and certain Lime Works near the fame, may be furnished with Coal at a muck cheaper Rate than at present, which may be a Means of extending and promoting the Trade of the said Borough, the Improvement of Land, and a mutual Advantage to the Proprietors of Salt Works and the adjacent Neigh* bourhood, and will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal, and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, as to Parliament shall seem meet.

A Petition of certain Owners of Coal Mines, and of Ditto; the Manufacturers, Traders, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was also presented to the House, and Ecadj likewise taking Notice of the said Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill; and setting forth, that there are very extensive Mines of Coal, and Iron, Stone, and large Quantities of Nails, and other heavy Iron Goods, manufactured in the Neighbourhood of Dudley, and the same is very populous, and full of Labourers and Manufacturers, that solely depend on the Success of the said Trade and the Working the said Mines; and that, since the opening of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, the principal Demand for Coals has in a great Measure gone into other Parts, and by that Means the Value of Coal Mines about Dudley is very much reduced, and the Situation of the Petitioners for Trade is rendered less eligible, which has occasioned a great Number of Colliers and other useful labouring Persons to be out of Employ, and tended to an Encrease of the Poors Rate; and that a Navigable Canal from Stourbridge, with collateral Cuts, as before described, the Petitioners apprehend, will be the only Means to restore the Value of such Mines and Trade to its former Footing, and also be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants residing in or Ditt0# near the Town of Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, great Quantities of Coals will be navigated, and sent from the Collieries lying near thereto down the River Severn, whereby the said Town of Stroudwater and Neighbourhood may be supplied with that Article cheaper than at present, which will be very beneficial to the Cloathing Trade of those Parts, and to the Navigation now making to the said Town, as well as tend greatly to the Relief of the Poor, and be otherwise of public Utility: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall feetn meet.

And

I §6

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be ‘ ‘ -1 referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley apd Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Pe rfons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Town of , in

the County of Worcestand concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, ^Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, is referred.

Braunston Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was committed, be received upon this Day Seven-night.

Bedford Samuel Whitbread and John , Esquires, the

Election. Petitioners before mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately (truck off One of the Forty-nine Names, contained in the said Lifts, until the Nutrdxr was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House one of the Lifts so (truck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Andrew Foley, Esquire, Thomas , of,

Esquire, George Grenville, Esquire, Richard Neville, Esquire, John Elwes, Esquire, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, Filmer Hollywood, Esquire, William Ewer, Esquire, Sir Browtilow Cujl, Baronet, James Sutton, Esquire, John Cooper, Esquire, Daniel Lascelles, Esquire. - ,

And the Names of Lord George Germain, and Richard Jackson, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Samuel Whitbread and John Howard, Esquires, and also the Petition of divers Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Householders, of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and Electors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves and other Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then (worn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Whitbread and John Howard, Esquires, and also of " the Petition of divers Burgesses, Freemen, and . " Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, "in the County of Bedford, and Electors for that " Borough, on Behalf of themselves and other " Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being " Householders of Bedford, referred to you; " and a true Judgment give according to the " Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the Petitioners, Samuel Whitbread and John Howard, Esquires, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Account* The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkyns (from pretence ‘ the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the

A.'-i'iyi-

Door; he was catted in; and, -at the Bar, presentad to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Seville and other Olive Oils, not being Sallad Oils, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1770

to Christmas 1773, which is the last Three Years that can be made up; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Year: And also.

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, England, from Chrftmas 1772 to Christmas 1773; distinguishing each Place. -And then he withdrew.,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii, 150 die Martii;.

Anno 15° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1775.

P r A y x r s.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- Hellefton ing to Order, with the last Return for the Borough Election. of Hellefton:

The House was moved that the Order, nude Yesterday, for the Deputy Clerk of the Crown to amend the said Return, by rafing out the Names of the Right honourable Francis Godolphin Osborne, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, and Francis Oiven, Esquire, and inserting the Names of Philip Torke and Francis Esquires, instead thereof, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Sir John Hynde Cotton, who was Chairman of the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hellefton, acquainted the House, that the Return, upon which the said Select Committee had determined, that Philip Yorke and Francis Cufl, Esquires, were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, was not the Indenture of Return now in the Hands of the Clerk of the Crown; but was an Indenture of Return executed by Richard Johns, Alderman of the said Borough, and several other Persons, and which had been by the said Richard Johns tendered to the Sheriff of the County of Cornwall, but had not been by him annexed to the Writ for the said County; and that the said Return, executed by the said Richard Johns, had been produced to the said Committee by the Sheriff of the said County. '

And Sir John Hynde Cotton delivered the said last mentioned Indenture of Return in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That so much of the Order, made Yesterday, as directs the Deputy Clerk of the Crown to amend the last Return for the Borough of Hellefton, by rafing out the Names of the Right honourable Francis Godolphin Osborne, commonly called Marquis of Carmarthen, and Fronds Owen, Esquire, and inlerting the Names of Philip Yorke and Francis Cvft, Esquires, instead thereof, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do amend th^daid Return, by taking off the File the Inden* ture of Return annexed to the Writ for the County of Cornwall, and by annexing thereto the Indenture of Return, executed by the said Richard Johns and others, and now delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

And

i4°-tr-j 50 Martii.

Rigton

Inclosure.

Mcndip,

&c.

Inclosure.

Plomer’s

Name.

Wolf’s

Estate.

Fulletby

Inclosure*

Oxford

Canal.

15 Geo. III. 15 0 Mar 197

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown amended the said Return accordingly.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, certain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of Rigton, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblcnv, in the County of York;

and for other Purposes therein, mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Open and Uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel, of the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Parishes of Doulting and Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Clarke, Esquire, heretofore called John Plomer, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and bear the Surname and Arms ojf Clarke, pursuant to the Will of Richard Clarke, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors; Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the settled Estate of Sir Jacob Wolf, Baronet, in Trustees, to be conveyed to a Purchaser thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill, from the Lords, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Fulletby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Tead throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the'Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 36. To leave out from" Canal" to "as"

' in ! 37-

Pr. 10. 1. 5. To leave out from " Canal" to "on."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, and a Member who had not been sworn at the Table, having Vol. 35.

taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House, an Account of their Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. John Morris do, this Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Need do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Heneage Parker do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Stafford do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John. do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Rawson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of dlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Saunders, being examined, said, That the Hamlet of Highgate is very populous, and from its Situation exposed to frequent Robberies, Burglaries, and othex Outrages; and it would be of great Convenience to Travellers, and Security to the Petitioners, if the same was properly lighted and watched.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Wilbraham Bootle and General Fitzroy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Halsey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a more commodious Situation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Philip Wynell Mayow, Esquire, in Ashbrenton, alias Afiprington, in Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and settling other Estates of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at Clerk’s Table.

And a Member who had' not been sworn at the Table, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and, having delivered in to the 3 E Clerk

American

Colonies*

Highgate

(MkkUriex)

Nightly

Watch.

Hertford

Gaol.

Mayow’e

Estate.

Anstruther Bailer Beer* &c.

tfickling

Indofuie.

Shadwel],

&c.

Streets.

Rucker's Estate.

Accounts

presented.

198 150 Martit. 1775-

cicrk of this House an Account of his Qualification* and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anstruther Easter, and Liberties thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Johnstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

General Howe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Residved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Bull presented to, the House, accord-’ ing to Order, a Bill for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within, New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, in the County of Middlesex, not comprized in an Act, passed in the uth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report' the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

The House being informed that Mr. 7 (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amdunt of the Duties paid on Coffee, Sugar, and Rum, imported into England from the West Indies, for the last Three Years that can be made up; viz. from Christmas 1770 to Christmas 1773; distin-guishing the several. Articles And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks paid on Coffee, Sugar, and Rum, exported from England, with the Amount of the Bounty paid on Refined

Sugar exported, for the last Three Years that can be made up, viz.from Christmas 177a to Christmas 1773; distinguishing the several Articles: And also,

An Account of Imports to the British Sugar Colonies, from North America, for Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And -the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

5

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants, trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

; The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 1773, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the 23d of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending " and improving the Trade to Africa-ft and that they have inverted the Money, granted in 1774, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts and Settlements having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State, by the Royal African Company, and the Sums annually granted by Parliament, being nearly expended in the civil and military Establishments, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, several of them still remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Petitioners being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the Repairs still wanted, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the Clothiers and other principal Inhabitants of Trowbridge, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, certain Persons, styling themselves Reprefeatatives of the People of sundry Provinces in America, assembled in General Congrels, have presented a Petition to His Majesty, in which they question the Authority of the Supreme British Legislature, to enact Laws for raising a Revenue in those Parts of His Majesty’s Dominions; and that the Petitioners conceive, the openly or tacitly giving up, in this Instance, the Authority of the Legislature of Great Britain, over the American Colonies, would be not only highly derogatory to the Honour and Dignity of the Crown and Parliament, but greatly injurious to the Welfare and Trade of Great Britain; and that the Petitioners cannot be insensible that, if their Fellow Subjects in America are exempted from contributing, in such way as the British Legislature shall judge best, and in some equitable Proportion, with the Inhabitants of Great Britain, to the Revenues necessaryTor supporting the Dignity of the Crown, the Administration of Government and Justice in, and the Protection of, the whole Empire, such Exemption to them must occasion the People here being unequitably and too heavily burdened; and, as the Petitioners apprehend, the disproportioned and heavy Share of the public Burdens, which the Inhabitants of this Kingdom have been hitherto called to bear, has been one Occasion of Numbers from different Branches of the Woollen Manufacture already emigrating to America, so they are persuaded the Continuance of such Disproportion would be a Means of drawing from hence to America yet more and more our most useful and industrious Manufacturers and Mechanics, to a Degree, which, in the End, must be pernicious both to the Landed and Commercial Interest of Great Britain: And therefore praying, That the House will ever aftert, and maintain entire, the Supremacy of the British Legislature over His Majesty’s Dominions in America, and provide, by such Laws and Measures as to the House shall appear best, that, whilst the Inhabitants of those Dominions claim and expect Countenance and

Protection

African

Company.

Americas

Colonies.

Members ▼seating their Sears.

MafTachnfct’s Bay, kc. RestriAion.

Piccadilly Paring, &c.

15 Geo. III. 15

Protection from the Influence of the Government, and the united Strength of the Empire,

they be obliged to contribute an equitable Share towards the honourable Support of that Government, and the Means of providing for the common Defence and Security of that Empire.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, is referred.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to lerve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall signify to him their Desire of vacating their Seats in that House, under certain Regulations;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Brazening:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will give Leave to Sir Hugh Palliser, and Molyntux Esquire, to

attend the House of Lords, in order to their being examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset'sBay and New , and

Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode and Providence

Plantation, in North America, to Great Ireland,

and the British Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations, which Rands appointed for this Day.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Hugh Palliser, and Molyneux -ham, Esquire, have Leave to go to the Lords, as desired by their Lordships in the said Message, if they think fit.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Then the said proposed Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Speaker of the House of Commonsto issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs, for the Choice of Members to lerve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall signify to him their Desire of vacating their Seats in that House, under certain Regulations;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Year, } I,6‘

Tellers for the Noes, j »73-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Mortgagees under an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Commissioners for paving Westminster to collect certain Tolls on Sundays, on the several Roads therein mentioned, and also of several Mortgagees under an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for putting the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, in the county of ,

under the Management of the Commissioners for paving Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, or one of them, trusting on the Faith of Parliament for their Security; and taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park , and of such Von. 35.

Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light the fame, and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid, and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the taking the said Parts of Piccadilly and Park Lane out of the said Acts, and from the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, will be a manifest Injury to all- Persons possessed of, or interested in Securities made on the said Acts, for Money advanced thereon: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Committee appointed for the Parish Ditto, of Saint fames, within the Liberty of Westminster, to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for paving,' deanfing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, in Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth; That the Petitioners observe a Clause in the said Bill, directing the Surplus of the annual Sum of £. 1000. granted by Parliament in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, from the Kensington Trull, to the Commissioners 1 for paving Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and also the Surplus which shall from Time to Time remain of the said annual Sum, after satisfying the Interest chargeable thereon, to be applied for the Benefit of the Inhabitants in the before-mentioned Part of Piccadilly and Park Lane; which annual Sum is, by the said Act, directed to be applied for paving, lighting, repairing, and regulating, Part of Piccadilly and Park Lane, and the several other Squares, Streets, Lanes, and Places, under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners; and that, should such Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, they shall thereby be deprived of that Part of the said Surplus which at present is legally vested in them for the Benefit of the Parishioners; and that the Property of the Pavements, Lamps, and other Materials and Things, being within the Limits of the said Bill, and which are now vested in the said Commissioners for the Benefit of the Public, are to bevelled in the said Trullees, who may sell or dispose thereof, if they think proper; and that the said Trullees'are not compellable to new pave the said Places, nor to purchase new Lamp Irons, or other Materials, or to cause the present Number of Lamps to be lighted, or to preserve the Levels in case of new paving, whereby great Inconveniencies, Mischiefs, and Dangers, may arise to the Public; and that the exempting any of the Streets and Places from the general Care and Management of the Commissioners, and allotting or assigning to the Trullees of such Streets and Places the Money granted by Parliament for the Benefit of the whole, mull totally defeat the general Plan, calculated for the Benefit both of the Public and the Inhabitants of Westminster and Parts adjacent; and that the Places comprised in the said Bill are now well paved, repaired, cleansed, and lighted, under subsisting Contracts with the Commissioners; and therefore the Petitioners conceive the said Bill to be unnecessary: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Bill for the more easy Attendance %of Freeholders, at Elections of Knights of Shires, was, according to Order, lead a Second Time.

Resolved,

4

American

Coloniei.

Ways tnd Means.

Supply*

Wigton,

Ac.

(Scotland)

Election.

Piccadilly Paving, &c.

200 150 — i 6°Martiu 1775.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Folkstone, 8cc.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North Am, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the several Accounts which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, from the Commissioners of Excise and Customs, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave tofit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas have Leave to

make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order, made upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday next, the Petition of Henry Watkin Da/hzvood, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Wigton, Whitehorn, New Galloway, and Stranraer, in Scotland, was read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyttelton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Order, made upon last, for read-

ing a Second Time Tomorrow, the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of suchr Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light, the fame, and alto to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid;

and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes, was read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

MR. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Alexander and

John Halliday, Esquires, and also the Petition of Francis Folaquier, Esquire, Charles Tripp, Josiah Peacock, George Williams, George Musgrave, Thomas Grove, Thomas Pope, John Clitfome, Apothecary, and others. Inhabitants of, and Electors ‘of Members to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, in Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants and Electors of the same Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the honourable Edward Stratford is not duly eletted a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That John Halliday, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton

And also. That the said Committee have deters mined.

That the said John Halliday, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Alexander Popham, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the said Alexander Popham, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Taunton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the last Return for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and amend the fame, by rafing out the Names of Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, and the honourable Edward Stratford, and inserting the Names of John Halliday and Alexander Popham, Esquires, instead thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

1 Mr.

Taunton

Election.

i c Geo. III. 1(5° Martii. 201

Mr. Speaker,

Militja The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pay and for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of Cloathing, the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called

for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of , One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; without any Amendment: And allb,

Salted The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Beef, Pork, to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the &c* Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, " Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from , for a limited

" Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time," and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulse; without any Amendment: And also,

Spitu’s Nat. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fulletby An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Fje[jS} logs. Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Refc.'ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Fulletby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cferkrawel! Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Poor. Ac. Order, a Bill for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James in the County of

Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a Second Time.

Biftop Sir Cecil Wray, reported from the Committee, to Norton whom the Bill for declaring ce-tain Lands allotted to Inclosurp. John Harr if on, Esquire, in the Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

And that Mr. Henniket and Mr. do prepare*

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgestes, Chamberlain, and others the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of E,in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with 'the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and also for making Two collateral Cuts out of the said intended Canal, to'certain Places called The , Part of Pcnfnet Chafe, and The Level, other Part of Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford-, ^nd that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of such Canal and collateral Cuts, large Quantities of C ml may be lent from the Coal Mines lying near to such intended Canal and Cuts, to the said Borough, whereby the said Borough and the adjacent Parts will be supplied with so useful and necessary an Article at a lower Rate than at present, and in Return Malt and all Sorts of Grain will be forwarded into a very populous Country lying near the said intended Canal and Cuts, and from which great public Advantages will be derived: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such BUI for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Upton, in the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, by Means of such Canal and collateral Cuts, a more ready and cheaper Communication will be opened between the said Town of Upton, and the Town and Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, and Parts adjacent, and that Coals may thereby be supplied at a more reasonable Rate than at present; and that the said Canal and Cuts will, as the Petitioners conceive, be otherwise of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts; and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester,-and concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln’s Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the said Court: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Jackfott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Elections. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, Mayors, and other Officers of Corporations, from Churches and other licensed Places of Divine Worship:

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His 3 F present

Stourbridge

Canal.

Ditto.

Accountant

General’s

Cilices,

Lincoln’s-

Inn.

Six Clerks officei, Lincoln’s Inn.

202

16° — 170 Martii. . A. 1775.

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ^rebuilding " the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of " Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register " and Accountant General of the said Court, for the " better preferring the Records, Decrees, Orders, and " Books of Account, kept in such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of

Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane-, and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colliers, ' Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

&c. altering, explaining, and amending, several Acts of the

Scotland. Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Fergujfon, and Mr. Gordon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hindoo Ordend, That the original Poll taken at the last

Election. Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hiudon, in the County of Wilts, which is annexed to the Report that was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be re-delivered to the Returning Officer, or his Agent.

Piccadilly The House was moved. That the Order, made Paiing, &c. Yesterday, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow,-the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between

dilly,. and the North Side of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light, the lame, and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said, Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, at Twelve of the Clock.

American The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfintoa Colonies. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants,.Traders, and others of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee, That they had heard the Planters of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies residing in Great Britain, and the Merchants of London, trading to the said Colonies, by their Agent; and had examined several Witnesses, and made a further Progress; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committed.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

New lerfev

tic. ’ The Order of the Day being read, for the Second ReftrpfUon. Reading of the Bill to restrain the Trade and Com-

3

merce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penfyhania, -land, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord North prefen ted to the House, by His Petition Majesty’s Command, (Jamai.cn.)

A Paper, intituled, " Copy of the Petition and " Memorial of the Assembly of Jamaica, to the King " in Council."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have I^eave to make a American Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Colonies. Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. George Robinson do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of t he Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America, and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Illingworth do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 17* dieMartii;

Anno 15° Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration Sudbury the Petition of Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, on Election. Behalf of himself and of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, now in the Island of St. Christophers, and also the Petition of the several Eledors for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Electors for the said Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Thomas Fonneieau and Philip Champion Crefpigny, Esquires, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in tire Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to feirve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 123 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Sir Walden Hanmer, and his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said Sir Patrick Blake, and of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called

in

i.5 Geo. III. 17 0 Martii.203

in to the Bar: The Clerk, appointed to attend the said Members, lb drawn, and hot excused, or set aside,

Select Committee, attending also at the Bar. having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk And the Door of the House being opened;

was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Confide- the Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel Tation. for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Peti-

And the same being read accordingly; tioner. Sir , with the Counsel and

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was to . attend the said Select Committee, immediately placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected withdrew, by Mr. Speaker, the Attellation annexed to the Out-

side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purport- Sir presented to the House, according Trent and

ing, " That the said Box was, on the 16th Day of to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual Verier

" March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Man- Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of " ner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navl- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An gable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near " Ad to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap: And the same was reread. ceived; and read the First Time.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, ' RThat the Bill be read a Second Time, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk,

purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mf*

" by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into Browning:

" the said Box on the 16th Day of March 1775," Mr. Speaker,

was read. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Yarmowh

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of for amending and widening the Road leading from Qorleftoa Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South Town, Road, ‘and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, otherwise Little to in the County of

taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also, into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act to Hanwell

and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk exchange Lands, between the Trustees of a certain uxv*’ publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the Charity Estate-, at Hanwell, in the County of Middlefeie, laid Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, and William and Henry Berners, Esquire; to which thfe who read the same to the House. Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And

And the Names of Thirty-eight Members, then pre- also, lent, were drawn, who were not objected to Thfe Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Blackburn

And the Name of Soane Jenyns, Esquire, being fehable the Reverend John Blackburn, Vicar of the Pa- Exchange, drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the rish and Parish Church of Bojfall, in the County of said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty York, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Years of Age, or upwards j and having at the Table Meffuiges, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, ih verified the Cause of such Requisition, upon Oath, he the said County of York, for other Lands and Heredita-was excused accordingly. ments, in the same County, belonging to Henry Brewflir

And the Name of One other Member, then present, Darley, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Cott-

was drawn, who was not objected to currence of this House.

And the Name* of James Grenville, Esquire, being And then the Messengers withdrew, drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that

the said Member was intended to be nominated by the An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dittos said Petitioners; and the said Member having, in his to enable the Reverend John Blackburn, Vicar of the Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objec- Parish and Parish Church of Bojfall, in the County of tion being made to his serving on the said Select Com- York, to make and establish an Exchange of cfertaih mittee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside. Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in

And the Names of Ten other Members, then pre- the said County of York, for other Lands and Heredita-

sent, were drawn, who were not objected to ments, in the same County, belonging

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Darley, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Names, the Names of Seven other Mem- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tithe, bers, then present, were drawn and set aside,

with the Names of those who were absent from. An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Nigel Grefley, Baronet, Apedale, the House; Four, on Account of their being and Nigel Bowyer Grefley, Esquire, his Son, to make and &c. Members against whose Returns Petitions were maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Cana,< depending; and Three, on Account of their Mines, in in the County of

then serving on a Select Committee appointed castle under Line; was read the Third Time, for trying the Merits of a controverted Elec- Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titlfe tion. be. An Act to enable Sir Nigel Grefley, Baronet, and

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so Niger Bowyer Grefley, Esquire, his Son, to make and drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal the Counsel for the Sitting Members were called upon, Mines, in Apedale, to Newcastle under Lyne, in the by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the County of Stafford.

Members then present, whose Name had not been Ordered, That Sir John Wrottesley do carry the Bill

drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot to serve on to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Beaumont Hot hath. The Lord Bulkeley presented to the House, according Anglesey,

Esquire, who did not require to be excused from to Order, a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term serving on the said Select Committee, and who was not and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the objected to Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine " repairing and widening the Road, leading from Vol. 35. " Porthaethwy

204 17° Mar A. 1775.

Porthaethwy Ferry to in the County of

*' Anglesey And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stourbridge A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Canal. Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from or-near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of

cester, to or near a Place called in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the and WorceJlcrJhirc Canal j and also for making Two collateral Cuts out of the said intended Canal to certain Places called The Fens, Parcel of Penfnett Chafe, and The Level, other Parcel of Penfnett Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford; and

that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of such intended Canal and collateral Cuts, a more commodious and cheaper Communication will be opened between the said City and the Town- of Stourbridge, and Parts adjacent, for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandizes; and that the said City and Parts adjacent may be supplied with Coals, from the Collieries lying near to the said Canal and collateral Cuts, cheaper than at present, which, the Petitioners conceive, will be a considerable Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said City; and that other public Advantages will be derived therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, redding in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there> is referred.

b;(1)0 An ingrossed Bill for declaring certain Lands, Norton allotted to John Harrison, Esquire, in the Parish of Inclosure. Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, to be Copy-hold and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for declaring certain Lands, allotted to John Harrison, Esquire. in the Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Com-inissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the 11th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln,

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

New Jersey, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second ffc- Reading of the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce e ri ion. t|ie Colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

2

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. v

Sir Walden Hanmer, the Petitioner before-mentioned, Sudbury with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together Eleitfon. with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately ftaick off One of the Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift; of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Charles Dundas, Esquire, Hans Sloane, Esquire, Charles Morgan, Esquire, Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, Sir Roger Mostyn, Baronet, George Byng, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, the Right honourable Thomas Townshend,

Nathaniel Ryder, Esquire, Robert Vyner, Esquire, Philip Torke, Esquire, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Richard Benyon,

Esquire.

And the Names of James Grenville, Esquire, and Beaumont Hotham, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table; they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, on Behalf of himself and of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, and also the Petition of the several Electors for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Sir Walden " Hanmer, Baronet, on Behalf of himself and " of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, and also of the " Petition of the several Electors for the Borough " of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, referred,

"to you, and a true Judgment give according " to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And the said Petitioner, Sir Walden Hanmer, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were. then directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common Cranford and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Inclosure. ford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys,

Mt. Knight ley, ice-: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Plundering preventing the inhuman Practice of plundering Ships Shipwrecks, that are shipwrecked on the Coasts of Great Britain; and for the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cruger, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, and Mr. Pennant, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

15 Geo. III.

17° — 20* Martii.

Ways And Means.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunts> 2o° Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 177^ Prayers.

tjuadnng, A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Common &c. IX Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Inclosure. Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Quadring, and in Quadring Hundredin the County of Lincoln was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr, Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon/at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scrooby Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee, Inclosure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Townshipand Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 2 jth of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments-were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mitford, 8cc: Mr. Milles presented to the House, according to

.Poor. Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time. i -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tifne. ' ' - , Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 29th Day of this Ihftarit March.

Scaldwell1 Mr Rozvys reported from the Committee, to whom ' inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pasture, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish o^Sca/dwell, in the County sA Northampton, was committed; That the Committee.had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25 th of April 17.74rrelative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Vol. 55.

205

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered 1 the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were , agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved That the Order, made upon' Braunflon Tuesday last, for receiving Tomorrow the Report from inclosure* the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ppen and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braun-ston, in the County of Northampton, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 28 th Day of this Instant March.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hanwelj to exchange Lands, between the Trustees of a certain Charity. Charity Estate, at Hanwell, in the County of Middlesex, and William and Henry Berners, Esquires, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Stanhope presented to the House, according to Adleitrop Order, a Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement Inclosure. and Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adleflrop, in the County of Gloucester: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Rolewright Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Inclosur*. Commonable Closes, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Rolewright, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wetiman, Lord Charles Spencer, &c.: And, they are..to. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House accord- Br^ze Norton ing to Order a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, x^osure. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Ground, in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read , the FjrftTime.

" R.efolved,' That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Griffith reported from the Committee, to whom Thames the Bill to alter and amend an Act, made in the and ifw Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for Navigation, improving and* completing the Navigation of the R ivers \Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of CrUkiade, in the County of Wilts, so far as the feme reWe$ to the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats,

Barges,-and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he 3 G read

zed by

Tc

ao6

20° Mariiu

A-1775*

read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Act Act Estate* for veiling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the settled Estate of Sir Jacob Wolf, Baronet, in Trustees, to be conveyed to a Purchaser thereof ;-and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses j was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Phillips’s A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Traders, Lighthouse. Qf port of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners abfefve, by the Votes, that John of , hath

petitioned for proper and sufficient Authority, to enable him to erect a Lighthouse on a Rock, or Rocks, called The Smalls, in St. George's and to levy, collect, and Receive, for his own Use and Benefit, a Tax upon all Ships and Vessels that may pals the same; and that the Petitioners apprehend the said Lighthouse, from its Situation and intended Construction, will not be of such general Use to Ships and Vessels, as to merit a general Tax thereupon; and that the Money already levied by the Proprietors of the different Lighthouses is very burthensome, and any unnecessary Addition thereto will be a great Discouragement to Navigations And therefore praying, The laid depending Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His 'present Majesty, to John , of

Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock, be brought in.

Manehefter

Theatre.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Joseph Younger and Ifreotge Mattocks, is referred,.

Account The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns (from presented: the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,-. An Account of Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, and Worlled Yam, imported into England from Ireland, for Twenty-one Years, ending at 1773, which is

as far as the same can be made up; distinguilliing the Years, and the Port of London from the Out Ports.

And then he withdraw.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie ypon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu apd Mr. Leeds:

Potterfpury, Mr. Speaker,

ttc. 7> The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and Incloling the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Potterfpury, and Hamlet of Yardley in the said

Parish of Potterfpury, and also a Parcel of Land called

8 .

Kenfon Field, in the Parish of Cufgrave, in the County of Northampton; without, any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Mofies, Heaths, 4nd Commons, in the Parish of Hanmet, in the County of Flint; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and John Williams, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and House-holders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, severally complaining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Oon-sideration upon Friday next, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Howe, Lord Howe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penfyh>ania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and tire British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. "

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.'

- An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to’the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Ckr.kenwell, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Penton, 8cc: And they are td meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, explain-

- . ing,

Hanmer

loclosure.

Poole

Ele&ioa.

Hickling

Inclosure.

New Jerfejr, Sic.

Restriction.

Rucker’s

Nat.

Clerkenwell Poor, &c.

Colliers,

&c.

Scotland.

15 Geo. III. 20* Martit. 207

ing, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters; And the fame' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Watt’s A Petition of William Pengree, of Hill, London,

Patent. Esquire, as Agent for, and on Behalf of, William Blakey, Engineer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That His present Majesty, by His Letters Patent, bearing Date the xoth Day of June, in the Sixth Year, of His Reign, did grant unto William Blakey, of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the lole Privilege, during the . Term of Fourteen Years, of making and vending his new invented Machine, which performs its Operations either by Fire or Fall of Water, or both, with a Proviso, obliging the said William Blakey, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to cause a particular Description of the Nature of the said Invention to be inrolled in His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, within Four Months after the Date of the said Letters Patent; and that the said William Blakey did, in pursuance of the said Proviso, cause a Particular to be inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, on the Ninth Day of October 1766, which Description is therein particularly expressed and contained, according to the Drafts or Plans thereunder drawn; and that His said Majesty, by Let* ters Patent, bearing Date the 5th Day of January, in the Ninth Year of His Reign, did' grant unto James Watt, of the City of Glasgow, Merchant, the foie Benefit and Advantage of making and vending certain Engines, therein mentioned to be by him invented, for leftening the Consumption of Steam and Fuel in Fire Engines, for the Term of Fourteen Years, with the like Proviso, to cause a particular Description of the Nature of the said Invention to be inrolled in His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, within Four Months after the Date of the said last mentioned Letters Patent; and that the said James Watt did, in pursuance of the said Proviso, cause a particular Description-of the said Engine to be inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, on the 29th Day of April 1769; but the said James Watt did not cause any Draft, or Plan, to the said De,-feription, to be drawn and delineated; and that the said William Blakey had no previous Notice of the said James Watt having obtained his laid Let ters.Patent, otherwise he would have opposed the granting thereof; and that, although the said James Watt lo obtained his said letters Patent in the Beginning, of the Year 1769, yet he did not complete any such Machine before the End of the Year 1774, when he alledges to have fur-hished feme large.Engines as Specimens of his Construction; and that the said Machine, so alleged to be invented by the said James W is only an Imitation of the Construction of the said Machine invented by the.laid William Blakey, and contains.no utile Principles whatsoever, further or other than is contained in that of the said William Blakey and although there are fotne Ingredients. and'Things all edged by the said James Watt to be used in the Exercise of the said Machines, never* thelbfs that is Matter of Discretion mthe Persons using the fame, the Experience of which, front the said James Watt's own shewing, has had but a very short Space of Two or Three Months, in which:short Timeik is unlikely such short Experience should be satisfactory; and that the said William Blakey is now at Paris, where he is specially engaged for a further Time, and was very-lately informed that the said James Watt was applying for a Bill, for the'Purpose of enjoying the foie Privilege and Advantage of making and felling the said Engines, to be vested in him for such Term of Years as Parliament shall think proper to gran; and representing to the House, that in case the said Bill palfcs into a Law, it will be very detrimental to the said

Vol.

t

William Blakey, and, as he is advised, to the Exclusion of his said Invention, which, upon Enquiry, will be found not to be the Invention of the said James Watt, but of the said William Blakey, with very little, if any,

Deviation from his Design: And- therefore praying,

That, on Behalf of William Blakey, he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; or that the said William Blakey may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear to be just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tho Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Bill for vesting in James Watt,

Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Inllant March,

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Offices and cording to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as Employment, have omitted'to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be llamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,' have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Load Tix. 'tarafolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, - -upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners, for putting t in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament,' intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax. to be raised in Great Britain,

" for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-five," be now read. ’ >

And the said -Order being read accordingly*

Refolded, That this House will, upon 'Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. '

, ' ,

A Petition of the Nobility, and the humble Petition Stratford of the Commissioner6 for paving, repairing, cleansing, Place lighting, and watching, the Parish of Saint bone, in the County of Middlesex, and other Inhabitants, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Parish ioners thereof, was presented to the House, and jead; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Lessees,

Owners, and Occupiers, of Stratford Place, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, watch, and fence in, the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and setting forth. That, if the taql Bill should pals into a Law, it will not only be in a great Mdafure subversive of the Acts now subsisting, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the whole of the said Parish, but will establish a Precedent, which will probably be followed; and which, by separating the Inhabitants of large and high-rented Houses from the inhabitants of fmailer Houses, will destroy the general, good Eftefts of those Acts, of which

all

Stratford Place (Mary-le-bone) Paving, See.

|>a and

Marftoo,

See.

Inclosure.

Stourbridgi

Canal.

08 20° Mar Hi. A. 1775.

all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, as well as the Public at large, now partake, and will lessen the Security of the Persons who have advanced considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, and will otherwise materially affect the Interest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the most noble William Henry disli Duke of Portland, and the humble Petition of the other Land Owners, in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Mid whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That a very considerable Sum of Money has been'borrowed, for the Purpose of paving, lighting, and cleansing, the said Parish, on the Credit of the Rates of the said Parish at large, under the former Acts of Parliament granted for that Purpose, the Security of which will be greatly lessened by exempting from the Rate a Number of capital Houses, in the intended Inclosure called Stratford Place; and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pais into a Law, it will not only affect the Security of the Creditor, but, by so partial an Exemption, will tend to injure their Property in the highest Degree, and will leave a heavy Debt on the other Houses erected in the said Parish, most of which are built on Ground belonging to the Petitioners, and which will, on the Expiration of the respective Leases, revert to them: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon TAurfday Fortnight, the 6th Day of April next.

A Petition of Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, Owner of Lands in the Parish of Lea and

Liberty of Dunton, is the County of Warwick, was presented to;the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons,; or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets oi Lea and Marston, in the said Parish of Lea; and

that there are several small Pieces or Parcels of Waste Ground, within the said Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth* containing 70 Acres, or thereabouts, which are intermixed with the Waste Grounds lying within the said Hamlets of Lea'&ad Marfan -, and it would be advantageous to the Petitioner, and all Persons having any llight or Interest ip. or upon such Parcels of Waste Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Waste Grounds, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, that they do make Provihon in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer . of this Petition.

A Petition of several of the Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was prefeiftetL to the House* and read; taking No-

tice of an Application for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the Sta and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also for making Two collateral Cuts, out of the said intended Canal, to certain Places, called The Fens and The Level, Parcel of Penfnett Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, and County of;

and that the said collateral Cuts will open into very extensive Coal Mines lying between Stourbridge and Dudley, within Four or Five Miles of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, which are now in a greajt Measure excluded from being brought to Market, for Want of a Water Carriage; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the present great Demand for Coalsdown the Staffordshire Canal to the Severn, supplied from the

Collieries lying upon the Banks of the Birmingham Canal, will tend to distress the Trade and Manufactures of the said Town of Birmingham and Neighbourhood, by advancing the Price of Coals; and that the same will be greatly prevented, by means of the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts, opening a Communication from such Collieries between Stourbridge and Dudley to the Severn, and which will thereby supply Part of the Demand upon the River Severn, and by Means thereof the Trade and Manufactories of the said Town and Neighbourhood will, as the Petitioners apprehend, have a more lasting and plentiful Supply of Coals, and at a more reasonable Rate than at present, and be (ft" great public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council of the City of Gloucester, in Council assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Application; and setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of such intended Canal and collateral Cuts, a more commodious and cheaper Communication will be opened between the said City and the said Town of Stourbridge, and Parts adjacent; and that Coals may thereby be supplied cheaper than at present, and great Advantage will ante to the Trade of the said City, and to the Inhabitants, and more especially the Poor, who will be considerably benefited; and that other public Advantages will be derived therefrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to &ring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collar tcral Cuts; and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

’ And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Confrderation a Practice,’ which has lately prevailed, of negociating Promissory Notes, and Inland Balls of Exchange of a small Value, and the Inconveni-encies arising therefrom.

Resolved, That. this- House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

"The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and otlvers, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of -Nafth America, and of the several other Petitions re-ferted to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

General Howe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Howe reported from the Committee, That they liad heard the manufacturing Holiers of the Town

r..id

A

Stourbridge

Canal.

Promissory

Notes,

America*

Colonies.

i5 Geo. III.

2o° — 21* Martii.

2O9

and County of the Town of Nottingham, by their tended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Agent, upon their Petitions, and had examined several Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee Witnesses; and had also examined several Witnesses in attending also at the Bar.

Support of the Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriff, prin- And th,e Door of the House being locked, the Clerk

cipal Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Town and was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the County of the Town of Nottingham, whose Names are Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration. thereunto subscribed; and had made a further Pro- And the same being read accordingly;

gress; and that he was directed by the Committee to The Box, containing the Names of all the Members

move, that they may have Leave to fit again. of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was

Way* and Means,

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of don, concerned in the Commerce of North and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And the other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiTing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 4, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted

to His Majesty.

placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-Jide of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 20th Day of " March 1775, made up in his Presence in the Manner " directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to " regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read. ’

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the " Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, " put into, the said Box on the 20th Day of March " 1775," was read. '

Account

ordered.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and' rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk. Ordered, That "Mr. Burke have Leave to make a taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers Motion, it being One of the Clock on Tuesday into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for thal Purpose, Morning. and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk.

And he moved the House accordingly. publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Account of the Quantity and Value of the Silk, Cot- Speaker, who read the same to the House. ton, Worsted, Linen, and mixed Hose, of English Ma-' And the Names of Twelve Members, then present, nufactyre, exported to North America and the West were drawn, who were not objected to.

Indies, since Ckrifimas 1772; distinguishing each Year, as far as t^e same can be made up.

And then the House adjourned till Ten of the Clock this Morning.

Martisy 2i° die Martii;

Anno 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

Wigton,

See.

Election.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Henry Watkin , Esquire,

complaining of the undue Election and Return of William Norton, Esquire, for the District of Burghs of Wigton, Whitehorn, New Galloway, and;

being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of said Election and Return, according to the Di-

And the Name of General Burgoyne being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioner declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioner; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his fervingon the said Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Five, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees appointed to try the Merits of controverted Elections; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not haviqg been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members fb drawn, and not excused or set aside, being complete.

the _ _

rections of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Counsel for the Sitting Member were'called upon, the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the

present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufi-nels of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 112 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Henry Dashwood, Esquire,

with the; Counsel and Agents on both Sides, who at-

\ oi.. 35.

Members then present, whose Name had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the said Counsel named Henry,

Esquire, who did not require to be excused from, serving on the said Select Committee; and who was not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Fortyrnioe Members, so drawn, and not excused or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

Ami the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Cobnfel for 3 H the

dio

2i° Ma

A. 1775.

the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the Eaid Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

Thames An ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, made and I fis in the j j tli Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for avigation. improving ancj completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifs, from the City of to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of l'o far as the fame

relates to the Depth of Water to be drawn by Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved.That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the 11th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation' of the Rivers Thames and from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Griffith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. *

Bury Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to St. l dmund’s the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for ^r"‘ the Electing of a Burgcls to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable AugufusJohn Hervey now Earl of called

tip to the House of Peers.

N^rtct, Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Road to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket to the Turnpike

Road leading to Stump Croft, in the Counties of

bridge and Suffolk; for repairing the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near The DeviPs Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the

present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to Thetford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee hat! gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,'with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere -Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Scaldwell An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the inclosure. open and Common Fields, Common Pasture, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Sc in the County q{ Northampton, was read the Third Time?,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title -be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pasture, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Scaldwell, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stourbridge Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to ana' ' whom the Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing

in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and concerned or otherwise iritcrested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures, there; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgestes of the Borough of Stratford upon ,in the County of Warwick, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, and also of the Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants in and near the same Borough; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, in Council assembled; and alibi the Petition of several Proprietors of Salt Works, and of the Chief Magistrates, and principal Inhabitants* of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of cefcr-, and also, the Petition of certain Owners of Coal Mines, and of the Manufacturers, Traders, Freeholder?, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester. and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants residing in or near the Town of in the County of Gloucester-, and' also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Chamberlain, and others the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of EvefJ.a m,in the County of I Pore.fa-; and

also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood oi Upton, in 5 he County of Worcester, whole Names ere thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitant? of the City of Gloucester, were feyc-aliy referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of *771,

relative to Navigation Bills, had been compiled with; and that the Parties through whole Lands the Canal is intended to be carried, have conferred thereto, except the’ Proprietors of One Mile, Six Furlongs, and Five Chains of inclosed Land; and that the whole Length of the Canal will be about Six Miles and a Half; and that the Committee had examined the Matteis of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at’the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. Richard Whitworth being examined, said. That he had made the Plan annexed to the Petition, and that it is practicable to make the Canal as therein described to Black De/ph; but that as the Ground from thence to a Place called The Level riles 70 Feet, it cannot be continued so-far without a Tunnel. And being asked, If there is Water sufficient to supply inch Canal ? he said, It will depend, in a great Measure, on the Water to be raised by Fire Engines -; that there are now Four Working Engines for draining Coal Mines, Three of which are of a Level to throw their Water into the Canal, and the other being only Seven Feet too low, may be made lo to do. And being asked. If he thought that would be a sufficient Supply ? he said. He did not; and that luppofing no more Engines thou Id be erected, Reservoirs may be made on Chafe, to retain the Rain Water till it is wanted; that in long dry Seasons That may not be sufficient; and that it was not proposed to take Water fr-.'in any Stream. And being asked, If it was meant to take Water from the River Ston he salt!. That in dry Seasons he did not know that there am a-y Springs so high as the proposed Level of the Summit of the Canal; that unless tak'ng the Fir: W..!cr,

which now runs into the Stour, mighraftect.it, nothing would; that the Water coming ft cm ;lir Fire Engl ws is pretty consideraldc in Quantity; but it it the Opinion of the Countiy, that man}' or them mull' i>e flopped, unless the Canal is male to I 'Ve oft the Coals. And.being at!:.cd, If the Water in the 6hv.r

t

Stourbridge Can aL

' ' »

15 Geo. III. 210 Martii.ait

will be affected in any other Way, ,by the making of Undertakings} and taking Notice of the Application the proposed Canal? he.said. In dry Seasons it will for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Canal, not; that in wet Seasons the Reservoirs will catch some from the Town of to unite with the afore-

of the Rain Water, which would otherwise fall into the said Canal called the Staff or djlurc and Worcef erf lire Stour;that in wet Seasons there is no want of Water Canal Navigation, at or near Stourton, in the County in that River. And being asked, Whether the Canal of Stafford, and also Two collateral Cuts, to Places can be maintained without interfering with the Water where Collieries now are, or are intended to be, estab-flowing in or running into the Stour, so as to be a De- lished; and alledging, that, by the Execution of such triment to the Works on that River? he said, It cannot, Plans, the Petitioners will lose all Prospect of reaping except in taking the Engine Water, which mud be of any Fruit of their Labour, and must fit down under some Detriment in the Summer. And being asked, If the Prefure of vast and irrecoverable Expences; and the Country is full of Coal? he said. He believes it is; therefore, in Behalf of themselves and their numerous that Coal Pits cannot be worked without Fire En- Labourers, which, for want of Employment, mull: gines, which will necessarily raile an additional Supply be reduced to Distress, and driven, with their W ives of Water. And being a Iked, Whether the making and Children, from their present Settlements, pray „

of Reservoirs on Penfnet Chafe will intercept any Streams, the House to take their same into Consideration, and

or Springs which would otherwise flow into the not fuflfer the said intended Cut to communicate with Stour ? he laid. He was told there are not any Springs the Staffordfiire and Canal; and that they

on 'Penfnet Chafe so high as his Level. And being may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the

asked, Where the Coal is got that now goes down the House.

Staffordshire Canal to Stourport? he said, chiefly about Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table,

Bitston; that the Distance from the Pits to Stourport until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable

is, as he supposed, near 30 Miles-, and that the Mines, Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the

from whence it is proposed to fend Coals by this County of Worcef er, to communicate with the StaffortF

Canal, are about 17 Miles from Stourport. And JKireand Canal, at or near in the

being asked. Whether it is his Opinion, that, when County of and for making and maintaining

the new Engines are erected, and the Reservoirs made. Two collateral Cuts, One from a Place called Ihe Feus,

the Canal will be fufikiently supplied with Water at and the other from a Place called Black near

all Times? he laid, It will seldom flop for want of The Lev upon Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kings -

Water, and but for a short Time together, if ever, zvinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate

which must be in dry Times. And being asked, with the intended Canal, near Brook in the

What is the Quantity of inclosed Land, and how said Parish, be brought in.

touch Walle that is proposed to be cut through by the

Canal? he laid, It is all inclosed, -except about Five A Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, Trent and Furlongs in Length; which Five Furlongs lie chiefly passed in the 6th and 10th Years of the Reign of His Merfcjr on Penfnet Chafe; and that the Length of the Canal present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, <"anal‘ through Inclosures will be about Six Miles and a from the River Trent, at or near , in the

Half. ‘ County of Derby, to the River at or near

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Runcorn Gap, was read a Second Time, making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or B.efolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Wor- Wrottefey, Mr. Gilbert &c.: And they are to meet refer, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcef this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s tershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Chamber.

Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, and the Mr. reported from the Committee, to Mary.le-bone

other from a Place called Black Delph, near The Level, whom the Petition of the Vestrymen of the Parish of *>oor*

upon Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingstvinford, in the Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, was laid County of Stafford, to communicate with the in- referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter tended Canal near Wordefey Brook, in the said Parish; of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the And that Sir John Wrottefey and Sir William Bagot do fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read prepare, and bring in, the fame. the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is A Petition of the principal Coal Mailers and Owners as followeth; viz. of Mines, in the Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His and read; Setting forth, That a navigable Cut or Canal present Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the 29th to efleft a Communication between the River Severn Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George and the River Trent, called the Staffordshire and Wor- the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better regulat-

cefershire Canal Navigation, has been completed; and " Ing the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, another navigable Cut, or Canal, has been made, from " enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, the Town of Birmingham, to join the said Cut, or * and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Canal, at Alderffy, near Wolverhampton-, and the Pet i- " Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish tioners, in order to accommodate with Coals the several of Saint in the county of ;

Towns and Places contiguous to the said Canals, have " and for making more effectual Provision for those been induced to pay heavy Fines to the late Lord " Purposes," wa6 read. And,

Dudley, and other Lords of Manors, for Licence to get Mr. Abbott Nezvell Cockman, Vestry Clerk, of the Coals and other Mines under Copyhold Estates, and, Parish of Mary-le-bone, being examined, said. That either in their own Estates or the Estates of others since the passing of the said Act, the Poor, Aged, and whole Mines they have pure haled with large Sums of Infirm, as well as Infants belonging to Families unable Money, to erect Fire Engines and Gins, and to fink to support them, are, by Reason of the great Encrease deep Pits, at the Expence of f.36,000,- and upwards; of Buildings and Inhabitants of the said Parish, become and have supplied with Coal, at a very easy and cheap so ndmerous, that the present Workhouse is abfb-Rate, not only several Paris of the County of Stafford, luteiy insufficient to receive all the Poor that are Ob-but also the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and jests of Parish Support; that if a proper Workhouse Warwick, whilst little or no Return has yet been made was provided, it might prevent Impositions, and the to the major Part of the Adventurers in the said Poor would be better relieved; that by the present Acts Vol. 35. no

Hi

21° Martii. , A. 1775.

s

no Power is given to borrow Money for building a Workhouse, and that there is not sufficient Powers given thereby for governing the Poof within the Workhouse.

'John Hagair, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary , in the County of

Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse in the said Parish: And that Mr. and Mr. Combe do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Williams’ Mr. Owen presented to the House, according to Debt to the Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing Crown, the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for, the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Herbert

Lloyd ', and William Skyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty, from IViHiam Williams, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Widows A Petition of several Members of the Laudable Society. Society for the Benefit of Widows, whose Names are theieunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Petition has been presented from several Directors and Members of the said Society, for Leave to bring in a Bill for securing to Widows, who are now Claimants upon the said Society, the several Annuities promised to them by the original Scheme, or any subsequent Alterations therein, and for making further and other Regulations for the better Government and Management of the said Society; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that the Principles upon which the said Society was formed are erroneous, and that the Annuities engaged to be paid will be much greater than the annual Payment from the Subscribers can answer, which Engagement must end in the Ruin of the Society, and in the very great Distress of many of the Parties interested, without the Interposition of Parliament; and that the Petitioners are desirous to secure to the Widows who are now Claimants their several Annuities, as promised, and that all future Annuities may be secured, either by encreasing the Annual Subscription so far as to answer the Payment thereof, or by reducing such future Annuities, and that such of the Subscribers as shall be dissatisfied with the Terms proposed may be at Liberty to withdraw, receiving an equal Proportion of the Money already subscribed by them, after securing the Payment of the Annuities to the present Claimants; and that the immediate Interposition of the Legislature appears to the Petitioners to be absolutely necessary, as the Fund provided for the Payment of the said Annuities becomes every Day more inadequate to that Purpose t And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom (he Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, being divers of the Directors and Members of the Laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows, on Behalf of themselves and the said Society, is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being divers of the Directors, Trullocs, and Members, of the Laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows, on Behalf of themselves and the said Society, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that divers of the said Society have presented a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for these Purposes in the Prayer of the said Petition; and that these Petitioners apprehend there is no good Reason for such Application;

and that the Members who have subscribed to the same are only Three Directors and Eight other Members out of above Six Hundred of the whole Body; and that, by an Article in the Deed of Settlement of the 18th Day of March 1761, a General Meeting of the Members thereof (haying Twenty at leail present) have Power to determine all Matters relating to the Society, and to alter and amend the Deed, and make any additional Rules or Articles, jo as they be confirmed by a Second General Meeting; and that, in the Beginning of the Year 1774, a Petition was presented to the House, by divers of the said Society, for dissolving the said Society, and other Purposes therein mentioned, and a Counter Petition w^s» presented, by others of the said Society, against the fame; when it was recommended to the Parties differing, to endeavour to accommodate Matters; and accordingly divers Meetings were had, and Proposals made, for that Purpose; and that, at a Special General Meeting of the said Society, upon the Second Day of June 1774, a Plan for the Reformation of the said Society was proposed, and agreed to by a Majority, and confirmed at another Special General Meeting, upon the 23d Day of the said Month: And therefore praying, That a Bill be not permitted to pass, to make any Alteration in the reformed Plan of the said Society; and that the Petitioners may be heard by Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are subscribed, being divers of the Directors and Members of the Laudable Society for the Benefit of Widows, on Behalf of themselves and the said Society, is referred.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petition is referred.

Henry Watkin Dashwood, Esquire, the Petitioner, be- w-igton fore-mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both tlettioiL Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select’t Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Pretence, beginning on the Parc of the Petitioner, alternately (truck olT One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lilts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lilts so itruck, together with a new Lilt of the Names then remaining un-Itruck; which last mentioned Lilt was read; and is as follows:

The honourable Charles Finch, the Earl of John Dyke Acland, Esquire, Christopher Griffith, Esquire, the honourable John Vaughan, Joseph Marlin, Esquire, Lord Adam Gordon, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, Sir 'Thomas Clavering, Baronet, William Weddell, Esquire, the honourable Thomas Lyon, John Tempcjl, Esquire, Charles Ogilvy, Esquire.

And the Names of General Burgoyne, and

Dundas, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lilt, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Henry Watkin Dashwood, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Wigton, Whitehorn, New Galloway, and Stranraer; and they were then [worn by the Clerk as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition o Watkin

" Dashwood, Esquire, referred to you; and a " true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And

ic Geo. III. 2r — -22° Martii. 212

And then the said Petitioner, Henry Esquire, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hcarin;>; the Trials of controverted Elections.

Anglesey, A Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and *Vc- Powers of an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign

*'oa<*‘ of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repair-

" ing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy " Ferry to Holyhead ',in the County of ," was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in thfc Speaker’s Chamber.

Shad well, A Bill for paving and regulating, and for preventing ttc. Nuisances and Obstructions within, New Gravel Lane, Streets, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, in the County of Muldltfex, not comprised in an Act, passed in the

11 th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Alderman Bull, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scroobjr An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Satuth Ordered, That the proper Officer do attend this House,

Charter, upon Thursday Morning next, with a Copy of the last Charter granted to the Borough of in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do attend this House, at the same Time, with a Copy of the Charter granted to the said Borough, in the 35th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second.

Accountant Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, accord-n£ *° ^rc^er’a for vest>ng Part of the Garden of the Lincoln’'* Society of Lincolns Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in Inn. the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General and for the Register of the said Court: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bronphton A Petition of Thomas Richardson, of Water Lane, Inclosure. Thames Street, in the City of London, Sugar Broker, was' presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that Esther Sawrey and Sir Michael le Fleming have applied for* Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing certain Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, called The Fells, and by divers other Names, and also divers large Parcels of Mols Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Broughton, , in the County Palatine of and alledging, that

the said Manor of Broughton and its Appendages are now in Dispute in the Court of Chancery, and that the Petitioner has not been consulted relative to the Vol. 35.

bringing in the said Bill, and -is apprehensive that, in case the same pafles into a Law, his Right may be affected thereby in some Measure: And therefore praying the House will take his same into Considerabon, and make such Provision in the said Bill, that the Petitioner’s Interest in the said Manor may not be prejudiced thereby, or that the said Bill may not pals, until the Matter in Dispute between the Petitioner and the said Sir Michael le Fleming, Efiher Sawrey, and others; be determined in the said Court of Chancery; and that the Petitioner may be at Liberty to be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against such Part- -of the said Bill as may appear to the Petitioner to ..prejudice his Interest. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tible, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Sir Michael le Fleming, of Rydal, in the County of Westmoreland, Baronet, and Efiher Sawrey, of

Broughton Tower, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Widow. 1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. .-

.. . > -

- Mercurii) 2 2° die M $

T [

Anno 15° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

MR. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, Sudbury who were appointed to try and determine the ^lection' Merits of the Petition of Sir Wa Hanmer, Baronet, on Behalf of himself, and of Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, now in the Island cf Saint Christother's, and also the.

Petition of the several Electors for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others,

Electors for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Thomas Fonnereau, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Philip Champion Crefpigny, Esquire, is.not duly; elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for . the said Borough of Sudbttry:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That the said Sir Walden Hanmer is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury;

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That Sir Patrick Blake, Baronet, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That the said Sir Patrick Blake is duly elected a.

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Sudbury: *

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

3 I Ordered,

4a° MaflH. A. 177$.

Ordered, That the steputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this Hoafe, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and amend the fame, by rafing out the Names of Thomas Fonnereau, and P Champion Esquires,

and inferring the Names of Sir Walden Haunter and Sir Patrick Blake, Baronets, instead thereof.

Hegg Mr. MiUes reported from the Committee, to whom Poor, ^e Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Boor, within the Hundreds of and West Flew, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the (Committee had examined th* Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to fejSort to the House; and lie read' th£ Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally ptit thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Hertford A Bill for taking down the Common Gaol of the GaoL County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a more commodious Situation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Halsey, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Beaeworth Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom -di&olfcre. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bengworth, in the County of was

Commit fed; That the Committee had examined, and , fcund that the Standing Orders of the House of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with*, and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Bedford Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Level, Sto. to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners acting nuiage. jj virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Croiv-/and, to charge farther Taxes upon the said North Level and the said adjoining Lands, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their'Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 597 Acres, who tefufed to sign the Bill; and except the Owners of 1095 Acres, who could not be found; and except the Owners of 1387 Acres, who lived at such a Distance that they could not be applied to; and except Charles Orby Hunter, Esquire, Who has been for lotne Time past, and is (till, abroad, hut his Steward Mr. Charles Crawford, was pfefent at the First Meeting 5

held in November, for considering the Bill, but, on afterwards being applied to, laid he had no Orders' to sign; and that the whole Number of Acres to be taxed amounts to 39,474 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Newmarket, granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His pre- &c.

lent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from New- Road*

market, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near the DeviFs Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge; and for repairing the Highway through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to Thetford, was read the Third Time.

Fffolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, for repairing the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near the The Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge, and for repairing the Highway, through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to Thetford.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, accord- Highgate ing to Order, a Bill for lighting and watching the (Middlesex) Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex: And Vatchf the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pier, &c.

Mr. Anflruther reported from the Committee, to Anstruther whom the Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made Easter in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anf rather Easter, and Liberties' thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Offices qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have Employments omitted tp register or deliver in their Qualifications

within

J

7

15 Geo. III.

2.2

Shaftesbury

Election.

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and'Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped j and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Rafolved\ That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-> night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday next, the Petition of Hans IVintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue F.lection' and Return for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise tesbury. in the County of Dorset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of in the East Riding

of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing arid inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Exchange of for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Hinton Ad vow ions. Mertell, otherwise Hinton Martell, in the County of Dorset, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of the Church of Fringford, otherwise Ferringford, in the County of Oxford, belonging to the Right honourable Mary Counteis Dowager of Shaftesbury; to which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sledmire

Inclosure.

Fulletby

Inclosure.

Hinton, fee.

Stourbridge

Canal.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was

presented to the House, and'read j Setting forth, That an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable the Petitioners to make and maintain a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Tit ton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to crols the River Trent at or

near Haywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with the said Canal, made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey, commonly called The Grand Trunk Canal; and that the Petitioners have, in pursuance of the said Act, and also of another Act, passed in the 10th Year of His present Majesty, for granting further Powers to the Petitioners, expended ^.103,000, and upwards, by Calls on the said Company, as directed by the said Acts, in making and completing the said Navigation, and also a great Part of Vol. 35.

ais

the Profits which have fihee arisen from the said Navigation, in supporting and maintaining thereof; and the Petitioners; corifidenng the Certainty of the great Expences attending such Undertaking, and the Uncertainty of the Profits arising from, them, do conceive, themselves.legally entitled, under the Faith of the said? Acts, to the full: Benefit and Profits w.hich may accrue to them, without any Interference or Molestation w.hat-speyec; and that the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bripg in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town, of Stourbridge, in the County of Worth and the Coal Works in, that Neighbourhood, to communicate with, the said Stafferfshire and Worcestershire Capal, at Or near ton, in the said County of Stafford, which, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Petitioners, and render their Interest in the said Navigation very precarious and hazardous: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the laid Bill* or such Parts thereof, as may affect them; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises* as to the House shall appear just and rea/boable;,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Coal and Iron Stone Mines, and Iron Works, situate in the several Parishes of Madeley, Dawley, Brofeley., Benthall, Barrow, Little

Wenlock, and Wellington, in the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and mad; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Petition has been presented, for Leave to, bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Canal, at

or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, with Two collateral Cuts, or Branches, out of the said proposed Canal, in such Petition described» and alledging, that the Petitioners have expended kige Sums of Money in opening and sinking Pits, for the

Getting and railing Coal and Iron Stone, and in erecting ire Engines, and driving Levels, for the more effectual carrying on the fame, and also in the Erection of Furnaces, and other Works, for making Pig Iron, and in laying Rail Ways many Miles for the Conveyance of such Coal and Iron to the River Sevens, in, through^ and from, the several Parishes before-mentioned; and that, in carrying on such Works, they constantly employ many Thousand Persons, who thereby gain a competent Subsistence for themselves and their Families; and that, should such BUI pals into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive their said Coal and Iron Works wUl be so affected, as to render them incapable of employing their Workmen j and thereby the Petitioners will not only be injured in their Trade, but the several Persons by them employed, both in the said Works and on the said River Severn, will be deprived of the Means of getting their Bread, and consequently both they and their Families must be a heavy Burthen on the said several Parishes, and on the Country in general: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in

the County of Staffordand for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, near the Level, upon Penfnet Chafe, in the rarish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near Wordeftey Brook, in the said Parish, be brought in.

Notice

Stourbridge Carnal:

2i6 22° Martii.A. 1775*

HiMon, ice.Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is being elected by a very great Majority of legal Voters i

Advowsons. concerned in the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, inti- and that the said Thomas Carter admitted many Votes ‘ tuled. An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the for the said Mr. Peach, which ought not to have been Church of Hintrn Mertell, otherwift Hinton Mortell, in admitted, and rejected many that were offered for the the County of Dorset, belonging to His Majesty, for Petitioner, and which were in the same Predicament the Advowson of the Church o(Fringford, otherwise with many which he admitted for the said Mr.

Ferringford, in the County of Oxford, belonging to the and that many of the Agents of the said Mr. Peach,

Right honourable Mary Countei's Dowager of Shaftef- Strangers to, and having no Connexion with, the said bury; which Bill was this Day read the First Time, and Borough, were admitted to vote, under colourable and Ordered to be read a Second Time; fraudulent Conveyances, occasionally made, to the In-

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- jury and Prejudice of the legal and bona fide Electors; quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been and that the said Samuel Peach, by himself and his informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Agents, previous to, and during, the said Election, Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest, is con- was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting cerned, that the House may do therein as they shall to bribe and corrupt the Electors of the said Borough; think fit. i and that, by these and other undue, illegal, and cor-

rupt, Practices, the said Samuel Peach procured himself ArgyU Colonel Livingfione presented to the House, accord- to be falsely returned a Representative for the said Bo-Ac ’ in? to order’ a Bill for repairing the Highways and rough, in manifest Injury to the Petitioner, who ought

‘ Bridges, in the County of Argyll: And the same was tohave been returned, and in open Violation of the Law

received; and read the First Time. and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore pray-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration,

e ' and to grant him such Relief therein, as they shall

Rape Seed. A Petition of the Manufacturers in the Woollen think meet.

Trade, in the Town of Witnessin Oxfordshire, was Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That sideration upon Monday the 17th Day of July next,

the Petitioners labour under great Hardships from the at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

high Price of Rape 'Oil, large Quantities of which A Petition of the several Persons whose Names' are Cricklade are indispensably necessary in their Manufactures, thereunto subscribed, in behalf of.- themselves and Election.

and which has: of late Years advanced to more than others, the Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the

double the Price it formerly was, owing, as the Peti- County of was also presented to the House, and

tioners are informed, to a Scarcity of the Growth of read; Setting forth. That at the late Election of a Re-Rape Seed in this Country, and which Growth they are presentative to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, informed has for several Years declined, and still con- in the room of Samuel Peach, and Dewar, Esquires, tinues to decline; and they apprehend, should any 7oftn Dewar, Samuel Peach, and Samuel Petrie, Esquires, particular bad Season happen to the Crops of the said were Candidates, and that Thomas Carter, a known Seed in this1 Country, their Manufactures must cease, Friend of the said Mr. Peach, and under the Direction or be Obliged to struggle with the Difficulty of a still of his Agents, presided as Bailiff and Returning Officer higher Price of Oil, the unavoidable Effect of pur- of the said Borough, to which Office the said Carter chafing the Seed at high Prices abroad, with the Ad- was appointed by Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire, the Lord of dition of £.5. 13*. 6 d.per Last, being the Duty now the Hundred or Manor of Cricklade, and Friend of the

paid on Importation; and that the Petitioners are in- kid Mr- Peach, and the Person who introduced the said formed Rape Seed could be afforded on moderate Mr. as a Candidate for the said Borough} and that Terms from Ireland, were it not for the present high the Petitioners, and many others duly qualified, as well Duty paid, here on Importation: And therefore pray- by the general Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, particular Usage and Constitution of the said Borough, allowing the Importation of Rape Seed from Ireland, offered to give Voices for the said Dewar, Duty-free, or such other Relief as to the House shall Esquire, but were rejected by the said Returning Officer seem fit. who, under the Directions of the Agents of the said

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Mr- took upon himself, arbitrarily and illegally,

to return the said Samuel Peachy although the said John

Ditte Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dewar, Esquire, had a large Majority of unquetlionable Accouat. Recount of the Amount of the Duties on Rape Seed legal Votes for the said Borough; and that the said imported into Great Britain for Five Years last past, as Returning Officer did likewise partially admit many far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Votes for the said Mr. Peach, which flood precisely in Quantity imported from Ireland, and distinguishing the the same Predicament with many which he rejected Amount of the Duties in each Year. when offered for Mr. Dewar; and did likewise admit

many Persons to vote for Mr. Peach, whom he ought Crickadc Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, was presented to not to have admitted, several of whom were the im-F.ledtion. the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late mediate and avowed Agents of Mr. Peach, having no Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Connection whatever with the said Borough; but who, Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the under fraudulent and colourable Conveyances, were ad-room of Samuel Peach and John Dewar, Esquires, Samuel mitted to vote, to the great Injury of the Rights and Peach, Samuel Petrie, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Franchises of the Petitioners and others the Electors of Candidates, and Thomas Carter was the Bailiff and Re- the said Borough; and that, by these, and other undue, turning Officer; and that the said Thomas Carter, putting corrupt, and illegal, Practices, the said Samuel Peach did himself entirely under the Direction of the Agents of procure himself tQ be returned a Representative in Par* the said Mr. Peach, conducted himself with the grossest liament, in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Electors, Partiality, in rejecting a great Number of legal Votes and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution ot which were offered for the Petitioner, which were never Parliament: And therefore praying. That the Freedom before questioned, and most of which the said Carter of Election may be restored, anil the said Mr. Dewar had admitted as legal Votes at the last General Elec- may be received as duly elected; and that the House tion; and thereby did arbitrarily and illegally give a will grant them such other Relief and Redress as they colourable Majority to the said Mr. Peach, in Prejudice shall think meet.

to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confident ioR

p

I c Geo. III. $ 2°M 217

deration, at the same Time that the 1'aft preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s lleign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hrs Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on thfc Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions.

American A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Colonies. posed, That the Colonies and Plantations of Great Britain, in North America, confiding of Fourteen separate Governments, and containing Two Millions and upwards of free Inhabitants, have not had the Liberty and Privilege of electing and fending any Knights and Burgesses, or others, to represent them in the High Court of Parliament.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } ?8-

Tellers for the Noes, ^^C^opey0^9 \ 270.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Colonies and Plantations have been made liable to, and bounden by, several Subsidies, Payments, Rates, and Taxes, given and granted by Parliament, though the said Colonies and Plantations have not their Knights and Burgesses in the said High Court of Parliament, of their own Election, to represent the Condition of their Country; by Lack whereof they have been oftentimes touched and grieved by Subsidies, given, granted, and afiented to, in the said Court, in a Manner prejudicial to the Commonwealth, Quietness, Rest, and Peace, of the Subjects inhabiting within the lame.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Country" to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being proposed, That the said Colonies and Plantations have been made liable to, and bounden by, several Subsidies, Payments, Rates, and Taxes, given and granted by Parliament, though the said Colonies and Plantations have not their Knights and Burgesses in the said High Court of Parliament, of their own Election, to represent the Condition of their Country;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That, from the Distance of the said Colonies, and from other Circumstances, no Method hath hitherto been devised, for procuring a Representation in Parliament for the said Colonies.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That each of the said Colonies hath, within itself, a Body chosen in Part, or in the Whole, by the Vox.. 35.

Freemen, Freeholders, or other free Inhabitants thereof, commonly called the General Assembly, or General Court, with Powers legally to raise* levy, and assess, according to the several Usages of such Colonies, Duties, and Taxes, towards defraying all Sorts of public Services;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said General Assemblies, General Courts, or other Bodies legally qualified as aforesaid, have, at sundry Times, freely granted several large Subsidies and public Aids, for His Majesty’s Service, according to their Abilities, when required thereto by Letter from One of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State; and that their Right to grant the fame, and their Chear-fulness and Sufficiency in the said Grants, have been, at sundry Times, acknowledged by Parliament,

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it hath been found by Experience, that the Manner of granting the said Supplies and Aids, by the said General Assemblies, hath been more agreeable to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, and more beneficial and conducive to the public Service, than the Mode of giving and granting Aids and Subsidies in Parliament, to be raised and paid in the said Colonies;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties, " in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; 4< for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, " upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee " and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or " Plantations i for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable cf on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for " more effectually preventing the clandestine Running " of Goods in the said Colonies and PlantationsAnd also, That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, in such Manner, " and for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the " landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and " within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of " Massachuset's Bay, in North AmericaAnd also. That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the impartial Administration of " Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any " Acts done by them, in the Execution of the Law, " or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults in the " Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England* And also. That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, " in Nezv EnglandAnd also. That it may be proper to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the Trial of Treasons committed out of " the King’s Dominions

And an Objection being made, That the said proposed Question was a complicated Question, including several distinct Propositions j the same was, by Content of the House, divided into Five separate Questions.

And the First Question being proposed. That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a " Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the Ex-<c portation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa 3 K " Nuts,

American

Colonies.

218

2 2° Martii. A. 1775.

" Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or " Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations ;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " may be," and inserting the Word " is" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " may " be" (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " is" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question so amended, being put. That it is proper to repeal an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the British " Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing " a Drawback of the Duties of Customs, upon the " Exportation from this Kingdom, of Coffee and " Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or " Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware, exported to;

" and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running ot Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Second Question being proposed. That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, in such Manner, and " for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the landing " and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Bojion, in the Province of Bay,

" in North America

- ' An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " may be" and inserting the Word " is" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " may " be" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " is" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That it is proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue in such Manner, and " for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the landing " and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, " and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Bojion, in the Province of Massachuset's , " in North America,

It passed in the Negative.

And the Third Question being proposed. That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the impartial Administration of justice " in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any Acts done xt by them, in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of " the Massachuset's Bay, in New England;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " may be," and inserting the Word " is" instead therepf.

And the Question being put, That the Words " may " be" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " is" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That it is proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-8

tuled " An Act for the impartial Administration of " Justice, in the Cafes of Persons questioned for any " Acts done by them, in the Execution of the Law,

" or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the " Province of the Majfachafet's Bay, in New England;"

It passed in the Negative.

And the Fourth Question being proposed. That it may be proper to repeal an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " may be," and inserting the Word " is" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " may " be" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Anti the Question being put. That the Word "is" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put,

That it is proper to repeal an Act, made in the Four*-teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in " New England;"

It passed in the Negative.

And the Fifth Question being proposed, That it may be proper to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the Trial of Treasons committed out of the King’s Dominions;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " may be," and inserting the Word " is" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " may " be" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " is" be inserted instead thereof.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put.

That it is proper to explain and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the Trial of Treasons " committed out of the King’s Dominions;"

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Ditto* That, from the Time when the General Assembly, or General Court, of any Colony or Plantation, in North America, shall have appointed, by Act of Assembly duly confirmed, a settled Salary to the Offices of the Chief Justice and Judges of the Superior Courts, it may be proper that the said Chief Justice and other Judges of the Superior Courts of such Colony shall hold his and their Office and Offices during their good Behaviour, and shall not be removed therefrom, but when the said Removal shall be adjudged by His Majesty in Council, upon a Hearing on Complaint from the General Assembly, or on a Complaint from the Governor, or the Council, or the House of Representatives, severally, of the Colony in which the said Chief Justice and other Judges have exercised the said Office;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Admiralty posed. That it may be proper to regulate the Courts of Court*. Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, authorized by the 15th Chap, of the 4th George the Third, in such a Manner as to make the same more commodious to those who sue, or are sued, in the said Courts;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The

i e Geo. III. 22° — 23° Martti. 219

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

and Mean*. next} resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno i$° Georgii III'" Regis, 1775.

Praters,

Sudbury rI ' H E Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac-

KIc&iod. X cording to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

Wigten, Sir Thomas Clavering, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of e n* the Petition of Henry Watk Dashwood, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of , New Gallo-

way, and Stranraer, in Scotland, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Norton, Esquire, the Sitting Member,

is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Wigton, fVhitehorn, New Gallowayand Stranraer:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

- That Henry Watkin Dashwood, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs:

And also. That the said Committee have determined. That the Laid Henry Watkin Dashwood, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs:

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the District of Burghs of fVhitehorn,

New Galloway, and Stranraer, and amend the fame, by raiing out the Name of William Norton, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Henry Watkin Dashwood, Esquire, instead thereof.

Saltalh The House being informed that Mr. Lemon (from

Charter, the Rolls Chapel) attended at the Door; he was called in; anti, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Inrollment of the Charter granted to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the 35th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Inrollment do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ditto. The House being informed that Mr. Thomas (One of the Clerks of the Petty Bag, in the Court of Chancery) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Inrollment of the last Charter granted to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Inrollment do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Vol. 35.

N. B. The said Inrollments were, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 10th Day of April, re-delivered to the proper Officers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Piccadilly Reading of the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford , to pave, cleanse, and light, the fame,* and all’o to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lyttleton, &c.: And they are to mept this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Blackburn’* to enable the Reverend John Blackburn, Vicar of the Exchange. Parish and Parish Church of Bojj'allin the County of York, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, belonging to Henry Brew-Jler Darley, Esquire, was read the Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Hinckingbrook reported from the Committee, Huntingdon to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and also Clergymen the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and fcc

others, of the County of Huntingdon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Clementfort, Esquire, informed Your Committee, That there a,re, within the said County, several small Benefices, and great Numbers of Widows and Orphans of Clergymen left in distressed Circumstances; that many Donations have been set on foot in the County for their Relief; and that he thinks they might be better relieved, if a Corporation was established under proper Regulations.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence; and Mr. Clementfon added. That there are many Persons desirous of contributing to the Charity; and that there are some Charity Trusts that cannot be applied without the Aid of Parliament; and that the Trustee of a Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen within the said County, is desirous <?f resigning the Trust to this Charity, if enabled fb to do by Authority of Parliament.

Upon the whole Matter, Your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen within the said County of Huntingdon, would be better provided for if certain Persons were incorporated for receiving and managing such charitable Donations as have been, or shall be, given or bequeathed for the Relief of such poor Widows and Orphans.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Chairman be directed to move the House for

Leave

220 23* Mar tit. A. 1775*

Leave to bring in a Bill for incorporating certain Persons for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of ' Clergymen, within the County of Huntingdon.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, within the County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Hinchingbrook, Sir Charles Whitworth, and Earl Ludlow, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

St Leonard, Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-

Shorcditch, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar and Church-00r* C'J wardens of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and of a great Number of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Parish, and divers other Purposes, as also of several other of the principal Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish, is referred.

Coal A Bill for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages Waggons, used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several &c’ Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Massachuset’* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces ReOnttion. ^fajfachufet'sBay and New , and Colonies

of ConneSlicut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies-, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Parker’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mate. effecting an Exchange, between and Mon-

tagu Edmund Parker, Esquires, of Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Luton, Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Petition of Joseph Pickering and Francis Stjuire, was

Roads, referred; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, this being a Petition of the Mortgagee^ only, who were not informed of the said Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, and in the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for amending and repairing the Roads from in

the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, were read: by which it appeared, that the said Acts will expire at the End of this Session of Parliament; and an original Mortgage of the Tolls for.

£. 500. to Mr. Becker, from the Trustees named in the said first-mentioned Act, was produced to your Committee, together with the Assignment to Mr. Pickering and Mr. Squire: And,

Joseph Pickering, Esquire, being examined, laid,

That he had frequently applied to the Trustees for Payment of the said Sum of £. 500, but it had not been paid. Then,

A Member present informed the Committee, That some Amendments, Alterations, and Regulations, are necessary to be made in the said Acts, and that a Bill for those Purposes was prepared, and had some Proceedings in this House last Year, but did not pass.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Francis Vincent,

Mr. Ongley, and Sir Richard Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Administrinj impower Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths, Oaths by where any Penalty is to be levied, or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament wherein the same is not expressly directed: And that Mr. Gascoyne, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant, Hindoo for the making out a new Writ, for the electing Bur- Writ, geffes, to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hin-don, in the County of Wilts, before this Day Month.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Bonsall, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and indoling tec. certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Pa- *nclolure-rilhes of Bonsall and Wirksworth, in the County of Derby:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elives, from the Select Committee, who were Bedford appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- M&ion. tion of Samuel Whitbread, of Cardington, in the County of Bedford, Esquire, and John Howard, of the same Place, Esquire, and also the Petition of divers Burgestes, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Householders, of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and Electors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and other Burgestes, Freemen, and Inhabitants, being Householders, of Bedford, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Sir William Wake, Boronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That Robert Sparrow, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bedford:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bedford:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bedford.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered,

ie

221

15'Geo. III. 23 — 24

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford; and amend the fame, by rafing out the Name of Robert Sparrow, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, instead thereof.

Massachuset’s Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords,

Bay, &c. to the ingrafted Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Rettriftiwu quade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode If and, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations, be taken into Con-ilderation Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

New Jersey* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

&c. the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Reftnttion. Trac|e and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia,' and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Condition^ and Limitations, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Cricklade A Petition of the Subscribets, Electors of the Bo-Election. rough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilis, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Electors of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting* forth. That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of William Earle, Esquire, deceased, Samuel Peach, John Dewar, and Samuel Petrie, Esquires, were Candidates; and that Thomas Carter, Bailiff of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Election, during the Poll, acted with the greatest Partiality, in Favour of the said Samuel Peach, ejefting the Votes of many who had an undoubted Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the said John Dewar, or the said Samuel Petrie, and admitting many to poll for the said Samuel Peach, who were in the same Situation with those who were refused to be admitted'for the Other Candidate^, as well as many others who had no Right to vote at all; and thereby the said Thomas Carter, in a most arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Manner, deprived great Numbers of the Electors of the said Borough of that Right and Franchise, which they had heretofore exercisedfor Time immemorial and that, by those and other undue Tracr tices, the said Samuel Peach has* been unduly returned to serve for the said Borough, in Defiance of the Law, and gross Violation of the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem just. ... '

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Cohfi-deration upon Monday the 17th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

Impurfuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of-His present Majesty’s Reign,' to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said

Petitions were ordered to be taken into Con-% . sideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 35.

Veneris, 24.* die Martii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly- Royal Assent JrX neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker, *

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

And the Hour, appointed for taking' into Considera- poole tion the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, Election. and John Williams, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scot, and bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves, and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Eyre Coote, and Joshua Mauger, Esquire, for the said Town, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of aSeleft N Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 10th and 11 th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bu-liness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned j

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and lot Members being found to’ be present $

The Petitioner, John Williams, Esquire, with his Counsel and Agents., who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said Mr. Fox, and of the said other Petitioners, and the C.ounfel and Agents for the Sitting Members, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar:

- And the Door of thq House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order oT the ;: Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly,

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, wap placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, purporting, " That the said Box wasron the 23d Day of " March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner " directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Yeajr of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to u regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Re-<c turns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened* the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk* purporting, " That the Names of all the Members " were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put " into the said Box, on the 23d Day of March 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six GlaflTes, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there ftiaken together j and thei? the Clerk 2 L publicly

0

222

24° Martii. A. 1775.

publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, An Act forvefting the Estate of

the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Esquire, and Jane his Wife, situate in the County of Speaker, who read the same to the House. W, entailed by the Will of Francis Tregagle, Esquire, And the Names of Sixteen Members, then present, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the were drawn, who were not objected to- Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the In-

And the Name of Lord Viscount Lijburne being cumbrance therein mentioned, and for laying out the drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Members declared. Remainder in the Purchase of other Lands and Here-that the said Member was intended to be nominated by ditaments, to be settled to the same Uses: the said Sitting Members; and the said Member hav- An Act to enable certain Trustees, named in the ing, in his Place, con fen ted to such Nomination, and Settlement of Sir Stafford Baronet, deceased,

no Objection being made to his serving on the said to raise a competent Sum of Money, by Way of Mort-Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set gage of Part of the Hereditaments comprized in such aside, Settlement to be applied in completing the Purchase of

And the Names of Thirty-three other Members, an undivided Moiety, pr Half Part, of the Manor of then present, were drawn, who were not objected to ' I, in the County of Devon, to be settled to the Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said same Uses, and for the like Purposes, as the other undi-Names, the Names of Five other Members, vided Moiety of the same Manor stands limited and then present, , were drawn, and set alide, witji charged by the Settlement and JWill of the said Sir the Names of those who were absent from the Stafford Northcote:

1 House; Three, on Account of their, being Mem- An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Philip

bers against whose Returns Petitions were de- W Esquire, in alias' Ashpringion, pending; One, on Account of his Return to in in Trustees, to be sold; and settling other

serve in Parliament not having been brought in Estates, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof:

Fourteen Days; and One, oh Account of his An Act for vesting certain Estates and Chattels, dehaving given his vote at the Election complain- vised by the Will of Richard Raynsford, Esquire deceased, ed of by the Petition now taken into Con- and Part of certain Estates comprized in a Settlement deration. made on the Marriage of Richard Raynsford, the

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so Younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same; and for drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, applying the Money to arise by such Sale in such Man-the Counsel for the Petitioners was called upon, by Mr. ner as in the said Act mentioned:

Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, then present, whose Name had not been drawn, to be and a Parcel of Common or Wadle Ground, in the added to those chosen by Lot to serve on the said Select Manors of Goodmanham, in the County of York:

Committee. , An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, cer-

Whereupon the said Counsel n timed Wiliam Adam, tain Commons, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township Esquire, wfio did not require to be excused from of Rig ten, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the serving on the said Select Committee, and who was County of York and for other Purposes therein men-not objected to tioned;

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Open and Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or Uncultivated Common, or Tract of Ground, Parcel of set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk; the Forest of Mendip, situate within the Pari Hies of

‘ And the Door of the House being opened; Dou and Stoke Saint Michael, otherwise Stoke Lane, One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel in the County of Somerset: for the Petitioners, and the other of them to the An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Counsel for , the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, fdid Petitioner, Mr. Williams, with the Counsel and Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appoint- Parish of and Hamlet of in

ed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately the said Parish of and also a Parcel of Land

withdrew. called Kenfon Field, in the Parish of in the

... County of Northampton:

: ^hen Mr. Speaker reported. That the House attended An Act for dividing and inclosing the Wastes, Mosses,

"His Majesty this Day in the House of Peers; where His Heath?, and Commons, in the Parish of Hanmer, in the

Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afl'ent to the County of Flint

several Public and Private Bills following; viz. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and Ings, Meadqws, Common Pastures, and other Com-for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar- monable Lands, within the Parish of Fnlletby, in the ters: ' - County of Lincoln:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and An Act to enable John Clarke, Esquire, heretofore Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called John Plomer, and the Heirs Male of his Body, called England, for One Year,-beginning the Twenty- to take and bear, the Surname and Arms of Clarke, fifth Day of March, One thou (arid Seven hundred and pursuant to the Will of Richard Clarke, Esquire, de-Seventy-five: / ' cealed:

An Act to continue,' for a further'Tiipe, an Act, made An Act for naturalizing Charles Bigot

in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, , An Act for naturalizing Louis Joenne.

intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Adf, ‘ ’

made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present ', The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- wigton, f* Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted ing, to Order, amended the Return for the District of

Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, fora Boroughs of Wigton, New Galloway, and Election.

limited Tirtie j and for allowing the Importation of Stranraer; and also the Return for the Borough of "Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

" British Dominions in America, for a limited Time,*’

and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to An Ingrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act H.unvell Potatoes, and all Kinds of Pulle: ' to exchange Lands, between the Trustees of a certain Clufky.

An Act for amending and widening the Road leading Charity Estate, at Hanwell, in the County of Middlesex, from Yarmouth Bridge, through the Hamlet of South and William and Henry Berners, Esquires, was read a Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorlejhn, in the Second Time.

County of Suffolk: Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Free-

man,

s

15 Geo. III. 24 0 Martii223

man, Lord Folkestone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bedford An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners acting Level, &c. by virtue' of an Act made in the 27th Year of the Reign Drainage. 0fhis Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said adjoining Lands, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill d6 pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, to charge further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said adjoin-j ing Lands.

Ordered, That Sir John Iiynde Cotton do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

j My,-ir-bone Mr. Mbckworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the bet ter Relief and Employment

of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary fe-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Work-house in the said Parish: And the same was received 3 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Satton cum k°fd Bdzvard Bentinck presented to the House, ac-Lound. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing, certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cum Loundy'in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received 3 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Adleftrop A Bill to confirm and establish dn'Agreement and.* Inclosure. Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adleftrop, in the County of Gloucester, was read j a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stan-I ' , hope, Mr. De Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ‘at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Stourbridge Sir John IVrottesley presented to the House, according &nal. to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining-a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcestery to communicate with the Stafford-shire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delphi near The Level upon Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kings-winford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near Wordesley Brooky in the said Parish: And the same was received 3 and read the First Time.

j Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House was moved, that the Petition of the principal Coal Mailers and Owners of Mines, in the

I Neighbourhood of lVolverhamptony in the County of

i Stafford, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday

last 3 and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire arid Worcestershire Canal , Navigation *, and also, the Petition of the several Persons

whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, ‘ Coal and Iron Stone Mines, arid Iron Works, situate

1 Vol. 35.

k

1

in the several Parishes of Madeley, Dawley, Brofeley,

Benthally Barrow, Little Wenlock, and Wellington 9 in the County of Salop, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and which Petitions were then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time3 and that the Petitioners be then heard by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevenmght, the 4th Day of April next.

Sir John IVrottesley presented to the House, accord- Cat&* ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise Cuttefden, in the Parish of Breedon, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received 3 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Traders, and prin- Stourbridge cipal Inhabitants, of the Town of lVolverhamptony in Canal, the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read 3 Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented,. for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from or near the Town of St our bridge, in the County of Worcester, to or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal 3 and also for making Two collateral Cuts, out of the said intended Canal, to certain Places called The Fens, Parcel of Penfnet Chafe, and The Level, other Parcel of Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford3 and that a very extensive Manufactory of Iron Goods and other Branches of Trade are carried . on in and about the said Town of Wolverhampton, wherein many Thousands of Mechanics and Labourers are employed, the Success and Extension of which Trade depends in a great Measure upon a cheap and plentiful Supply of Coals; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the making and maintaining such navigable Canal and collateral Cuts will cause many Mines of Coal, lying between the Towns of Dudley and Stourbridge, near the intended Course thereof, to be opened and ( worked, and great Quantities of Coal brought to.

Market, which at present are excluded for want of a Water Carriage, by which Means the said Town of Wolverhampton and the Neighbourhood thereof, as well as many other Parts of the said County, may be supplied with Coal in a more plentiful Manner, and at a much cheaper Rate, than at present, which will be of great Public Utility, and essentially serviceable to the Manufacturers, Trade, and Poor, of the said Town of Wolverhampton and Neighbourhood; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts, and that the same may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called

Black

£ 24

2 40 Ma

1775'

Black Delphi near the Level, upon Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near Wordesley Brook, in the said Parish, be read a Second Time,

Huntingdon Sir Charles Whitzvortk prefen ted to the House, ac-

Clergymens’ cording to Order, a Bill for incorporating certain Per-

Widows, sic. fons for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, within the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved,yThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brize Norton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Inclosujc. Open arid Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford, was read & Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Clerkenwell Pet*b°n of several Inhabitants of the Parishes

Boor, Sec. of Saint James, and Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and /others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; and Setting forth, that the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill pafles into a Law as it now (lands, the same will be very prejudicial to them and others. Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon theif Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against: the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who comefo the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

ClcevePrior ^r* ^alfk reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. *he Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Wore eft er, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the I^ouse of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 121 Acres and 11 Perches of Land; and that the Whole of the Land to be inclosed amounts to 914 Acres,. 1 Rood, and 39 Perches) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve rally' put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolYed.

: 7....

John Williams, Esquire, the Petitioner before men- Pcole tioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, Electio°* together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting'Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so struck* together with a new Lift of the Names then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read, and is as follows:

Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, John Elw.es,

Esquire, Charles Turner, Esquire, John Tempest, Esquire,

Thomas Knight, Esquire, George Grenville, Esquire, Sir William Guise, Baronet, James Worsey, Esquire, Sir John Eden, Baronet, Sir Adam Fergufj'on, Baronet, the honourable Lucius Ferdinand Cary, Thomas Powys,

Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer.

And the Names of Lord Viscount Lijburne, and William Adam, Esquire, nominated, as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to die Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the honourable Charles James:

Fox, and John Williams, Esquire, and also of the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scot, and bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of the honoprable " Charles James Fox, and John Williams, Esquire, and also of the Petition of several Pej-c< fons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

" being Inhabitants and Householders,. and " also paying Scot, and bearing Lot, within 4< the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves, and others,

" in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders.

" within the same, referred to you; and a true " Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner, John Williams, Esquire, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Massachuset's Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to . Bay, &c. the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Trade Restriction. aqtd Commerce of the Provinces of Maffachtffei’s Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, tp.

Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in thes West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colo- „ nies from carrying on any Fiftiery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned,

under certain Conditions and Limitations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 12. After " Guernfeyleave out " or" and after " Jerseyinfert " Sark, Alder- 4‘ ney, ox.Man' .

1* 39*

15 Geo. III.

-4

Martii.

225

1-

and

40.

Pr. 9. 1. 1.

1. 2.

1- 35*

1. 38-

Pr. 11.1. 13. Clause (A.)

1. 38.

V 39*

Pr. 12. 1. 7. and 8.

l7-

and

18.

Pr. 13. 1.31.

1. 32. and

1 33'

1-35-

36-

and

37-

Vol. 35.

? Leave out " New Jersey, nia, Maryland, Virginia."

Leave out " South ."

After " Raft Florida ,"leave out, " or" and after " W " insert " Bahamas and ."

After " Vessels" insert " iufpeded to " be."

After " Vessels" insert "as shall be " found to be carrying on the said " Fisheries."

Leave out " or" and after " Jet-fey" insert " Alderney, , or Man" After " notwithstanding" infeft Clause (A.)

" Provided also, and be it Enacted " by the Authority aforesaid,

" That nothing in this Act contained respecting the Fisheries " carried on by His Majesty’sSub: jeds in North America, shall extend, or be construed to extend,

" to any Ship or Vessel being the " Property of any of the Inhabitan ts of the Townships of " Marshjieldand Scituate, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, employed in, or carrying on, the " Mackarel, Shad, and Alewife " Fisheries only, if the Master or " other Person having the Charge " of any such Ship or Vessel as " aforesaid, shall produce a Certificate under the Hand and Seal " of the Governor or Commander in Chief of the Province of tl?e Massachuset'sBay, setting forth, that such Ship or Vessel, expressing her Name, and the Name of her Master, and describing her Built and Burthen, is the whole and entire Property of His Majesty’s Subjects of the said Townships of Marshfieldand Scituate, and was the Property of One or more of them, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, which Certificate or Certificates such Governor or Commander in Chief is hereby authorized and required to grant." After " New Hampf" leave out " and"

After " Bay" insert " Nezv " Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina"

{Leave out " Ireland, and the " IVef Indian islands."

J Leave out " Ireland, and the British West Indian Islands."

The First Amendment being read a Second Time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third. Amendment being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It paired in the Negative.

The Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A) the next Amendment was read a Second Time, and- being an ingrafted Clause, was read the Third Time; And, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Ninth and Tenth Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The next Amendment in Pr. 12. 1. 7 and 8, was read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas1|^rr<^^ ^5r"’ TeUers for the Noes, tfc

80.

12.

<c

a

t(

it

tt

After " between" insert " the said " Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode " Island, and Providence Plantation,

" and"

3 Leave out " Ireland, and the British 2 West Indian Islands."

1

Leave out " of Connecticut, Rhode " j Island, or Providence Plantation."

I Mr. Johnstone:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing, to such of the Amendments, made by , their Lordships, as this House hath disagreed to.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord North, Mr. Ellis, Lord Clare, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Eden, Mr. Cornwall, Mr Lord

Frederick Campbell, Lord Charles r; Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Macartney, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Rice, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Attorney General; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord North reported from the said Committee That the Committee had drawn up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments i which they had directed him to repdrt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read -, and is as followeth; vizi

To the First Amendment made by your Lordships, Press 18, Line 12, the Commons do agree.

The Commons disagree to the Second Amendment made by your Lordships, Press 8, Line 39 and 40; and to the Third Amendment made by your Lordships, Press 9, Line 1:

Because, by the said Amendments, the Commanders of His Majesty’s Ships of War, Rationed for the Regulation and Pro ted ion of the British Fisheries, on the Coasts of North America, and the Commanders of any other of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, employed on the said Coasts, maybe involved in great Difficulty and Perplexity, in carrying the Ad into Execution, with respect to the Colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, and in the Performance of the Duty required of them by a Law, which in the Title and Preamble of it purports only to restrain the Fisheries of the Provinces of Maftachu-set's Bay and New Hampshire, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island.

3 M To

Mutiny and Desertion: (America.)

Ways aid Means.

Supply.

land Tax.

22 6 24* — 27°

To the Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Amendments, made by your Lord {hips, in Press 9, Lines 2, 31, 35, and 38, the Commons do agree.

To the Clause marked A, the Commons do also agree.

The Commons difegree to the Ninth and Tenth Amendments made by your Lord ships, Press 11, Lines 38 and 39, for the Reason before, given, for difegrec-ing to the Amendments made by your Lordships, in Press 8, Lines 39 and 40, and Press 9, Line 1.

To all the subsequent Amendments, made by your Lordships, the Commons do agree.

The said Reasons being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon/ agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present > Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their QuartersAnd that the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles fVhitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the Taid Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners, for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an " Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in " Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Martii. 1775.

Luna, 27* die Martii;

Anno 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

*Prayers.

A Bill for lighting and watching the Hamlet of High- Highgate gale, in the County of Midwas read a (Middlesex) Second Time. Nj£ht1|'r

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -Watch* braham Bootle, General Fitzroy, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. John Smith presented to the House, according to Hampstead

Order, a Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Passages, within the Town and Parish of yfatch. Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Goddard presented to the House, according to Bremhill Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Indofwe. certain Stinted Pasture called Stockfi Marsh, in the Parish of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts; and for exonerating certain old Inclosures, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for inclosing and improving several Grounds sled ml re in the Parish of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the Indoforc. County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir Cecil Wray, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at* Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Tweed to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Bur- Fitherie*. geffes, of the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the several other Persons whose Hands are thereunto subscribed. Owners, Proprietors, and Tenants of Fisheries in the River Tweed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the " Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River;’* was read. And,

Mr. Anthony Lambert being examined, said. That the Regulations and Provisions established by the said Act have been found of great Utility to the Owners and Proprietors of Fisheries in the said River, but that many Complaints have lately been made by several of the Proprietors, that feme of the Provisions in the said Act have been found ineffectual; that he was present at a Public Meeting at Berwick, held pursuant fb Advertisement, when the Necessity of an Application to Parliament for making the said Act effectual was universally acknowledged; and that the Petitioners, who had signed the Petition, were considerable Proprietors in the Fisheries on the River Tweed. Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That upon the passing of the said Act, several Fisheries on the River Tweed were let soon after, upon the Idea that

the

15 Geo. III. 270 Martii.

the Act would have proved effectual for the Purpose of ' preserving the Fish, and detesting Persons that should be found fishing in the prohibited Months; that the Fisheries on the said River role thereupon very considerably; that the same Fisheries have since very much fallen, but not quite so low as they were before the passing of the said Act, which the Member said he had reason to believe is to be imputed in a great Degree to the Act not having proved so effectual for preserving the Fish as was at first imagined; and he added, that he understood, from the bell Intelligence he had been able to procure, that it is the general Wilh of far the moll considerable Proprietors, that a new Act should be obtained for making such Alterations as may be found necessary, and rendering the Provisions in the last Act more effectual.

Then another Member present informed your Committee, That he was present with a Justice of the Peace when several Persons were brought before him, in consequence of his Warrants, for taking and killing Fish in the River Tweed at the Time prohibited by the Act; and that the Justice found the greatest Difficulty in convicting the Persons lo informed against, though the Fish were found upon them, owing to the Darknels of the Night, so that the Informers could not fee them take and kill the Fish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating and improving the " Fisheries in the River and the Rivers and

" Streams running into the lame, and also within the u Mouth or Entrance of the said River:" And that Sir Thomas Clavering, the Lord , Colonel

han, Sir John Eden, Mr. Wilkinson, and Colonel

Pringle, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Anftrother An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term of an Act, Bcc^fcc. ma<^e *n ^*e Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Easter, and Liberties thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ate, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Anjlruther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newark and Mr. Crawfurd reported from the Committee, to PortGlasgow whom the Petition of John Crawford, Fewar and Baillie aving, c. q£ jje Town Qf port Glasgow, and of Alexander

Humphry Coltjnhoun, Robert Douglas, James King, Senior, William Dunlop, James Aiken, James Ramsey,

Hawaii, John Barr, James King. J unior, and John Dunlop, Fewars and Proprietors of Lands in the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, in the County of Renfrew, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for themselves, and as Trustees elected and chosen by the other Fewars and Proprietors of the said Towns, and in their Name, and for their Behoof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Mayne, being examined, said. That it will tend

Vol. 35.

to the Benefit of the Towns of Port Glasgow and Newark to have a regular Police; that the Streets of the said Towns are ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched; that there are no public Markets; that the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow are out of Repair, nor are the Inhabitants supplied with fresh Water; and that it Provision was made for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, for erecting public Markets, and repairing the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour, and for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh Water, it would be of great Benefit to the said Two Towns, and to the Public.

And the Witness added, That if the Duty of Two Pennies Scots in the Pint, now payable on Ale and Beer brewed or fold within the said Town of Port Glasgow, was extended over the said Town of Newark, and a Tax was laid on the Rents of the Houses of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Newark and Port Glasgow, the above Regulations might be carried into Execution.

Mr. James Watt confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foe extending the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow, and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh Water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting public Markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Crawfurd and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and incioling the cieere Prior Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Iadofai*. Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and incioling the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Spitu’i Nat. for naturalizing Charles Louis Spitta, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Bengworth and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, ]nclosure-within the Parish of Bengworth, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 1. To leave out from " of’ to in" in 1.2, and insert " all great and small " Tythes arising."

1. ult. To leave out from " Compensation" to " Tythes" in Pr. 9.1. i, and insert " from all great and Imall."

P. 9. 1. a. To leave out from payable" to " out" in 1. 3.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Thai the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the PariQt of Bengworth, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered,

228

27 9 Mdr

A. 1775,

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill for effecting an Exchange, between John Parker and P*r^er’* to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Montagu Edmund Parker, Esquires, of Parts of their ate‘

settled Estates, in the County of Devon; and for jriejjg An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second ?«or. ment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of East and West Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. with, Mr. Turner,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Flegg, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of East and West Flegg, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Millet do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

WolP*

Estate.

A Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in Argyle the County of Argyll, was read a Second Time. Roads.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel fcc* Livingston, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Sir John Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Speaker’s Chamber.

Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the settled Estate Mr. Asheton reported from the Committee, to QId

of Sir Jacob Wolf, Baronet, in Trustees, to be conveyed whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, S:ratf„.rd, to a Purchase thereof, and for laying out the Money and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the arising by such Sale, in the Purchase-of other Estates, Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That to in the County of Warwick; and also,

another Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and

Sec.

Road.

others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; and also, another Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, residing near, or freequently travelling, the Road from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to church, in the County of Warwick-, and also, another Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from-

Pinvin

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Hoyfe, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dun-agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. church, in the County of Warwick, were referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been com-- Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, with- plied with, the Petitions being of the Gentlemen, in the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, Tradesmen, and others, residing near, and travelling, the in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the said Roads, and not of the Trustees; and that the Peti- Committee had examined, and found that the Standing tioners were not acquainted with the said Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, re- Orders; and that the Committee had examined the lative to Inc o ure Bills, had been complied with; Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to and that the Committee had examined the Allegations report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, delivered it in at the-Clerk’s Table: Where the same to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner was read; and is as followeth; viz.

of 10 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be several Acts of the 6th Year of her Majesty Queen . inclosed is 1,153 Acres) and that the Committee had of the nth Year of his Majesty King George the First, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments and of the 10th, 13th, and 31st Years of his late Ma-thereunto, which they had directed him to report to jesty, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the House; and he read the Report in bin Place; and the County of Northampton, to in the

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, County of were read. And,

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Mr. Thomas Freeman, the Clerk to the Trustees Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One under the said Acts, attending your Committee with by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- his Books of Accounts, informed them, that the gross upon, were agreed to by the House. annual Income of the Tolls collected upon the said

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Roads, by virtue of the said Acts, upon a Medium of ingrossed. the last Five Years, amounted to about the Sum of

2,600, including the Forfeiture's paid for over Weight

Hinton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act at the Weighing Engines; that there is now due to tExchan fof ^or exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Hinton several Persons, upon Mortgages of the Tolls, the Sum Advow(OTs°) Mertell otherwise Hinton Mart ell, in the County of of L- 6,000; that no Money has been borrowed upon Dorset, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of Mortgages within these last Fifteen Years, and that no the Church of Fringford, otherwise Ferringford, in the Part of the original Debt has ever been paid off; that County of Oxford, belonging to the Right honourable the Interest of the said £.6,oqo, at Four and an Half Mary Counted Dowager or Shaftesbury, was read a p*r Cent, amounts to £.270 a Year; that the Expence Second Time. of Surveyors, Treasurer, Clerk, Gate Keepers, and En-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ewer, gine Keeper, amounts to something more than £. zoo lord Folkestone, See.: And they are to meet this a Year; and that there is now owing for Materials, and Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s upon Bills, for the Use of the Road, a very considerable Chamber. ' Sum; and that he believed there is very little, if any.

Money in the Treasurer’s Hands; that the Roads are An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act about 29 Miles in Length; and that the Tolls have not

15 Geo. III. 27* Martii.

not been let since he has been Clerk, which is about Twenty Years. „

That the Stones now used in the Repairs of the Road lie in many Places at the Distance of Three or Four Miles, and those not of a durable Nature, and the Gravel about Two Miles, and in 'Tome Places nearer, but that in some Parts of the Road there is no Gravel to be procured.

And the said Witness being further examined, said, That he apprehended, if proper Powers were given to the Trustees to get Materials for the Repair of the Road at a greater Distance than is allowed by the said Acts, better Materials might be procured, and the same might be brought, by Means of the Oxford Canal Navigation, to some Parts of the Road, and a great Saving might thereby be made, and the said Road more effectually repaired.

That he apprehended some Parts of the Tolls are not properly proportioned; and that he observes several other Amendments and Powers are necessary for effectually amending the said Road.

Lnmley Arnold, Esquire, an adUng Trustee under the said Acts, being examined, confirmed the Clerk’s Evidence, " Thit if proper Powers were granted to the

Trustees for gettin'g^Materials, the same might be " obtained and brought, by Means of the Oxford Navigation, at a reasonable Rate;" and he added, that he apprehends the Trustees have: no Power by the present Adfcs to get such Materials at any greater Dil-tance than Two Miles from the said Road.

A Member present informed the Committee, That he very frequently travels the Cud Turnpike Road, and has done so for many Years past; that during his Knowledge of the Road it has been in very bad Condition, very inconvenient, and at many Times dangerous to Travellers; that he has taken more particular Notice of it for Three or Four Years last past, and has observed from Time to Time, that it has been very ill managed by the Surveyor; that it has never been properly formed; and that the Materials which have been put upon it have endured but a short Time, as they have for the most Part lain wet, and the Wheels of the Carriages having formed a Sluice on each Side that has retained the Water, have soon ground the Materials into a Pbddle.

That when he last came along the Road, he found it in very bad Condition, and believes many Travellers and Carriages quit the Road at Stony Stratford on one Side, and at Dunthutch on the other, and go through Northampton, which is several Miles farther, in order to avoid this bad Road.

That he apprehends, that if proper Powers were given to get Materials of a better and more durable Nature than those heretofore used, and a skilful Surveyor was; to be employed, there would be a very considerable Saving in the Expence, and the Road might be effectually repaired.

Another Member present also informed the Committee, That he apprehended, unless necessary Powers. are granted for the getting proper Materials for the Repair of the said Road, and some Method taken to reduco the Weights on Broad Wheeled Waggons, the same cannot be effectually repaired.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the 1 ith Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the 10th, 13th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of and for more

effectually amending the said Highways: And that Mr.

Ajketon Curzon, Mr. Gilbert, Sir William Bagot, and Sir Roger Mojlyn, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Vol. 35.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, in the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, within the Hundred of in

the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, in the several Parillies, Hamlets, or Places, within the Hundred of Milford, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Tithes Impropriate, and Hereditaments, within the Hundreds of and Launditch,

for the better maintaining, relieving, and governing, the Poor, within the said Hundreds; and representing to the House, that several Meetings, for considering the Plan of an Application to Parliament, for incorporating the several Parishes within , the said Hundreds, with regard to their Poor, have been held; at the last of which Meetings, it was determined, that no Bill for the Purpose of incorporating the Poor within the said Hundreds should be applied for; and that, if such a Bill pafles into a Law, it must very considerably affect the Property of all Penons who are afiefled, and contribute to the Maintenance of the Poor, and will, from the Extent and Size of the said Hundreds, put the Poor under peculiar Circumstances of Hardship in applying for Relief: And therefore praying. That a Bill, so introduced contrary to the Sense of the Owners and Occupiers present at the said last Meeting, and which will, as they apprehend, so very materially affect all Persons contributing to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within the said Hundreds, may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the . better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and

ditch, in the County of be read a

Second Time; and the Petitioners are then to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted tobe heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the Second Reading of the said Bill upon Wednesday next, might be read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Herbert Lloyd,

and William Skyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty from William Williams, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

3 N A Petition

Mitford, it* Poor.

Ditto.

William*’ Debt to the Cro.va.

30

levant A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-

Ctmpany. cjiants of England trading into the Levant Seas, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Norths by His Majesty’s Command, acu quainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has for a long Series of Years been carried on by a Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protest His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary that there should be an Ambassador sent from England, to reside at Constantinople, and that there should be Consuls and Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, in the other Parts of Turkey, where any British Subjects reside, and where the Ertglish Carry on Trade, the whole Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company; which, together with other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on the said Trade, has of late Years amounted to about 10,000 per Annum; and that the said Trade, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance which has been granted to the Petitioners by Parliament has enabled them to pay off the Debt which they had incurred, and to lower their Duties, which were so high as to be a Burthen that the Trade was not able to support; and that the Trade has for some Time past been encreasing, which has been beneficial to His Majesty’s Revenue, and likewise of Advantage to the Manufacturers of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, that, if they should raise their Duties again, such ah Alteration would tend to diminish the Trade, and consequently that they should be less able to support the Expences of it; and that the Petitioners, having found themselves, by the former Bounty of Parliament, in a Situation to support their Expences, during the last Year, without immediate Assistance, did not then make any Application; but they are sensible that they should not discharge the Duty incumbent upon them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public, for whom they consider themselves as Trustees, if they did not declare their present Inability to support their necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Assistance as may be~ thoughtmeceflary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Messagh from the Lord^, by Mr. Pec hell and Mr. Eames: ‘

Mr. Speaker,

£(UtfS k°rc^s ^ave a . Bill, intituled, An Act for

ac’ veiling several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and City of Exeter, late the Estate of Robert Stone, Gentleman, d6ceased, in Truf-tecs, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof; and to apply the Money atifing by such Sale in Payment of the Debts of the said Robert Stone, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery 5 to which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew*

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

cfertion*1 The ^orc* Barrington presented to the House, a

(America.) cording to Order, a Bill to amepd, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, <c An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer*tion; and for the better Payment of the Army and 9

'irtii. A. 1775.

tc their Quarters:’1 And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be' read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to review Poor Lawj, and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief &c* arid Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

And A Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Sip Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- ‘ ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to* have Voices*

Mr. Rice' tepbrted to the House, That W having* -Massachuset'a according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the Subject-matter of the Amend- e an* merits' made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the*'

Provinces of Massachuset* s Bay aqdi New Hampshie, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain> Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain* Conditions and Lifnrtdtions, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presentty, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee Who Were appointed tb draw up-Reasons; to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the said Amende \ ments as this House hath disagreed to> do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called oven And they went ft o the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord North reported, That the Managed had been at the Conference; and had delivered to the:

Lords the Reafdns for disagreeing to such of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill; as this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

The House was moved,:That the Order, made Upon cucknua* the yth Day of December last, for taking into Confide- c on‘ ration, upon Friday next, the Petition of James Francis Erskine, of For eft 1 Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Returns for the County of Clackmannan, > might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the ftld Order be discharged'.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevenniglit, the .4th Day of April next, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. ... .

Memorandum:;

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House was moved. That the several Orders, made Hafletnert upon the 6th Day of December last, for taking into £lc&ion. Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of William Burke and Henryk Kelly, Esquires; and also the Petition of the several Persons Whole Names are thereunto fab-feribed, Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the Borough of Haftemere, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters of the said Borough, feve- rally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly y

Ordered,

15 Geo. III.

370 Martti.,

31

Ordered, That the (aid'Orders be.dischatged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Confederation upon Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. , >

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

6tonrbridge

Canal.

A Metfage from the Lords* by Mr. Peckell, an<jl Mr-.- Eafnes

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords do not insist oh such of the Atriend-ntehts made by their Lordships to the BiR*,intituled, An Act tbf restrain the Trader and Cpmmerce of the provinces of Massachuset's Bay and Nezx) Hampshire, and Colonies of CoHne&icut and Rhode Island, and Providence A Petition of the several Persons whose Narpestate Plantation, in North America, to Great Brifainy Ir,elandy

Poor: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

crovajf Prevent unnecessary Removals of the Poor, and to proto. ' mote the granting^eff Certificates: ‘And. that Mr. Ongley> Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Clarey and'Mr. Gray, do prepare* and bring in, the fame*. , *

Massachuset#S Bay, &c. Restriction.

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of theftifelVes and other Inhabitants of the Towns and Parishes of Wellington} Bt'afeley,. Madefy y Dawl&y$ Little Wenlock, Bmhally and BarroiVy and also of several Barge Owners, Navigators on the River Severny in the County of Salop% was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* That the Petitioners are informed* a Petition has been pfe-fented, Tor Leave to brings in» a Bi-U; for making a navigable Cut, or Canal* from or neat the Town oiStour-bridge, in the County of tVorceJitly tP Communicate with,.the Staffordshire and Worcesterflke Cartel,: at or near i. Place qalledv Stout ton, in the County of Stafford) with Two several collateral Qut$, Pi! Branches*, out of the said proposed.Canafo and, that many, large and fe£-tensive Coal. Works and Iron; Stone Mines have been opened in the said Parishes* at a very great Expence to the Proprietors of the said Wpr}cs and Mines* wherein a Urge Part of the Inhabitants of, the said i Placed and Parishes are employed* who are enabled; through hard Labour* to obtain a competent Subsistence for themselves and their Families > and by the said Works and Mines being carried on* the Trade in the said Places and Parishesr is principally supported; and that, should fhch Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehen-five, that a great Number of the said. Inhabitants and Bkrgerrten will be rendered, destitute of Employment, which will occasion the mast able Workmen* to feefe Employ in, distant Parts* and leave, the aged and infirm People, and also a numerous Youth, burthen-some to their feycial: Randies', whereby the Landed and Commercial Interests in*, the ftod: Places, and the Country in general, will bp v^ry>:materially injured 2 And therefore praying, tlmt the-&jd Bill may not pass itlto a Law.' . -tv..*.* »

Ordkredythe said Petition do. lie upon the Table, until’ thejBjl) for making arid maintaining a Nar-

and the British Islands irt the West Indies; and" to prohibit such Provinces and.Colonies from carrying-on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfourldlandy or other P/apes therein mentioned* under certain Conditions and Limitations* to which this House hath disagreed; And also,' ‘ ‘

The Lards have agreed, to the Bill* intituled, An Act Newmarket* for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an *c-Act, made in the Third Year of H|s -present Ma- Roa jesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Neivmarkety over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading- to Stump Crofsy in the Counties of Cambridge an>d Suffd/k) for repairing the Road branching put of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near The DeviTi Ditehy on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Ti^rnpik

Road which leads to Cambridge, and for repairing th?

Highway, through the Town of NezOmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to Fhetfoird j without any Amendment: And alto.

until uian.uig, utivi iiicupvcMunj^ a

Vigable Canal* from or neajrthe Town ofi Stourbridge; itl the County of Worcefferp^ to1, communicate with the! Staffordshire and ^omjlerjfiir^.C^na), at or neat Stotirioni in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cu^, png :from a Place called she Fens, and the ot|her fro«i’ a;’..Place called Black Deiphy near the Levefy^pen Penfnet Chafe, in >the Parish cKhigswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near Wordesley Brook, in the said Farifli, be read a Second Time* ' ’;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for declaring certain Lands, allotted to John HarriSofy Esquire, in the Parish of Bifftop Norton, in the Cq^ty of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respectively* pursuant to the Award of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for dividing and.%* closing certain Open Fields* Lands, and Grounds, in the Township apd Parish of Bifhqp Noptotty in the County of , without any Amendment: Amd

also, ' . f s .1.

The Lords have agreed to the Bilj^ ^huled|uAn j^ Wolverley For dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the fev^ral Com- Inclosure. mens and Waftp Lands^ within the M^nor and Parish of Wolverley, in the County of WorceSler without,

Amendment: And also, *

The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Rucker'a for naturalizing Daniel Henry Rucker, without ^ny Nat-Amendment. 7

And then the Meflfengers withdrew* ’ '

Wdt;

ax*

Sir Charles IV hit worth, according to Order* reported from the Committee of the w|\Qle House, to whom the Bill for appointing . Commissioners, for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament; intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by* a Land -Tax, ,to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five,!" was committed* the Amendments which the1 Committee had made to the Bill and which they had directed him to rep$r$ to the Hrause *, apd he tead th? Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table* Where the Amendments Opce read throughout *, VOL.35. . .

A Motion was made, and the Questron being put, Americati That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Colonies* that He Will be graciously pleased to , give Orders, that Letters of’ Requisition be written to the several Provinces of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations* iq America, to make Provision for the Purposes of defending, protesting* and ieeuring, the said Colonies and Plantations; and that His will be pleased

to order all such Addresses as He f^all receive,

Answer to the aforesaid Requisitions^ to be kid bef9re; this House, ,!

: It passed in the Negative.

was made, and the Quest\pn being put. Ditto. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for the Term of Three Years, the Force and Execution of an Act, pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to dUconfinue, in such Manner, and " for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging* lading pr shipping, of Goods, Wares,

23a 27 — 28*

" and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the " Harbour of Boston, in the Province of " Bay, in North Arherica;"

It passed in the Negative.

American A Motion Was made, and the Question being put, Colonies. *pjiat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for the Term of Two Years, the Force and Execution of an Act of Parliament, passed in the la A: Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the impartial Administration of Justice, in the Cafes of Persons " t^ueftioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, in " New England;"

It passed in the Negative*

Ditto. A Motion Was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to suspend, for the Term of Three Years, the Force and Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of In New

England

It 'passed in the Negative.

'Preniflory The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Notes, &c. relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration a Practice, which has lately prevailed, of negotiating Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange of a small V alue, and the Inconveniencies arising therefrom;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Colonies1 Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevenright, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Meicbants, Traders, and others, of tile City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North , and of

the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee. t,

New Jersey . Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Ac. the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Trade Rtflri&ion. and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Pet/fil- vania, Maryland, Virginiand South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditidtas and Limitations, was committed, be received updt) Morning

next.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and Means. Corning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted to His Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Promissory The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

1 Notes, Ac. House, to take into Consideration a Practice, which has lately prevailed, of negotiating Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, of a small Value, and the Inconveniencies arising therefrom;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Martii. A. 1775.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 28* die Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii III"* Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Cohsideration SVafteftwry the Petition of Hans Witttrop Mortimer, Esquire, fekBlon. complaining of the undue Election and Return of ! Thomas Rumbold and Francis Sykes, Esquires, for the Borough ot Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, being come j

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a §e-left Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Dii eft ions of Two lever.il Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 107 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, and his Counsel and Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Rumbcld, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Sykes, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The laid Counsel for the Sitting Members severally informed the House, That the said Sitting Members were delirous of appearing by different Counsel, in respect that the Charge stated against them, in the said Petition, was that of Bribery, which, in its Nature, mull affect them separately; that the Numbers on the Poll for the Sitting Members were different; and that in the Course of hearing the Matter of the said Petition, their Interests might prove opposite to each other; and they proposed, that if the Counsel for the Petitioner should not agree to this Request, he ought to consent not to give any Evidence before the Committee, which did not equally afi'eft both the Sitting Members.

And the said Counsel having been heard thereto;

The Counsel for the Petitioner was heard; and having dated to the House, that the Sitting Members were Joint Candidates at the Election, and having opposed their separating in their Defence; -

The laid Petitioner, and the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Thomas Rumbold and Francis Esquires, be at Liberty to appear as separate Parties on distinct Interests.

It passed in the Negative.

And the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents, being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to

read

x5 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 233

read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of ali the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected py Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, and signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 27th Day of *' March 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened,

the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put into the said Box on the 27th Day of " 1775>" was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glalfes, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there ffiaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glalfes, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his being a Member whufe Return had not been brought in Fourteen Days; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Three, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees appointed to try the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members lo drawn, and not excused, or let alide, being complete, the Cqunfel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, were severally called upon, by Mr. Speaker, to nominate One from amongst the Members then present, whose Names had not been drawn, to be added to those chosen by Lot, to serve on the said Select Committee.

Whereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner named the Lord Guernsey, and the Counsel for the Sitting; Members named George Clive, Esquire, neither of whom required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and who were not objected to.

And Two Lists of the Names of the Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or set aside, having been prepared by the Clerk;

And the Door of the House being opened;

One of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

f Lord Charles Spencer, from the Select Committee, Electm. appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the honourable Charles "James Fox, and John Williams, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scot, and bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, VOL. 35.

in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner

Inhabitants and Householders within the same, severally complaining of an undue Electioa and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dor set, informed the House, that Charles ‘Turner, Esquire, one of the Members of the said Select Committee, had defirad him to acquaint the House, that he had been very much indisposed this Day with a Fit of the Gout, and was apprehensive that he should be prevented from attending Tomorrow on the said Committee; and therefore desired that the House would give him Leave, if his Health should require it, to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That Charles Turner, Esquire, have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Committee, if his Health shall require it.

A Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizensi London of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Paving: Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of late Bridewell

King of England the Sixth, C/triJl, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apqftle, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending, and " rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by " several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging,

" amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and " Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties " thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the " Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Pafsages, and Places, and preventing and removing " Obstructions and Annoyances within the feme;" and for empowering the Commissioners under the said Act to pave, cleanse, and light, that Part of the great Street which leads from Fleet Street to Black Friars Bridge, and which lies within Bridewell Precinct, and for preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and that the Petitioners are defirous that the said Act should extend to impower them to pave, cleanse, and light, the rest of the' said Precinct, or to contract with the Commissioners appointed in Corjsequence of the said Acts for doing the feme: And therefore praying, That a Clause, or Clauses, may be inserted in the said Bill, for enabling the Petitioners to pave, cleanse, and light, the rest of the said Precinct, and for con trafting and agreeing with the said Commissioners for doing thereof, together with such usual and proper Clauses and Powers as may be necessary and expedient for the aforesaid Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Bomb ridge,

Mr. Aldermari. Oliver, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nineof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and bavePower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Hindon Bindon, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are Election, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others who have a Right to vote for . the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, by which the Rights of the Petitioners are materially to be aifefted, and the usual Mode of Electioa for the said Borough is to be cflent ially altered; and that the Petitioners feel with infinite Concern the Censure that has been passed upon many of the Electors of the said Borough, by a Committee of 3 O the

34 28 "'Marta. A. 1775.

the House, for having been prevailed upon, by undue William Sanile, William Sandle, junior* Edward Tulick,

Influence, to give their Votes, at the last Election of Luke Thomas Wier, Sawyer, La-

Representatives for the said Town; but, at the same bourer, , Edward Hedger, James

Time, relying upon the Candour of the House, they Wier, Grocer, Edward White., Ratcatcher, Robert hope it is not intended that they who are innocent Wier, Butcher, Matthew White, Junior, William should be included in a Punishment which ought Matthew White, Senior, Charles Wier, James Wier, only to extend to such of the Borough who have made Labourer, John White, William Wier, Thomas , an improper Use of their Franchise; and that the and John Wier, from voting at Elections of Members Petitioners flatter themselves, they have a Right to to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery claim, and that the House will allow them, some Merit, and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in for having preserved a Purity of Conduct am id ft that Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County Corruption in which their Fellow Burgesses have been of Wilts, be read a Second Time, involved: And therefore praying, That they may be

heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr.

Bill. Eames

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Mr. Speaker, until the Bill to incapacitate William Abraham, James The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act oxford *

Anderson, Junior, James Anderson, Senior, Rena/der Bowles, to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign caoaL Luke Beckett, Son of Walter Beckett, Philip Beckett, Edward of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Beckett, Seevyer, Reuben Burnett, John Bishop, Walter Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation Beckett, John Beckett, Son of William Beckett, Brick- to the City of Oxford; without any Amendment: And

layer, Philip Beckett, Junior, William Brookes, John also,

Beckett, Baker, Benjamin Beckett, John Baldwin, John The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scroobjr Beckett, John Bell, John Beckett, Seevyer, Luke Beckett, for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, IncIofare. Edward Beckett, Mason, William Burnett, William Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Beckett, William Bye, Senior, Thomas Bye, William Bye, in the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Junior, John Beckett, Butcher, Thomas Brookes, John Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

Bowles, Joseph Cuffe in the Dean, Joseph Ckolfey, Ju- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scaldwell nior, William Chiverell, Joseph Cholfey, Senior, Samuel for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Indofuie. Collier, John Chiverell, Benjamin Cholfey, Junior, Na- Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other thaniel Cuffe, William Ctabb, William Cuffe, Senior, Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish Hedger , Benjamin Cholfey, {Senior, Francis Chiverell, of Scaldwell, in the County of Northampton-, without any William Cuffe, Junior, John Davis, Senior, John Davis, Amendment: And also.

Junior, Samuel Daw, John Dewey, John Dukes, Senior, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled an Act to con- Lambert's

John Dukes, Junior, George Dukes, Matthew Davis, firm a Lease, made by William an Infant, with Leafing.

William Day, John Dozvle, Robert Day, William Dukes, the Consent of his Guardians, to the Right honourable Thomas Dukes, James Davis, John Edwards, Labourer, Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley, of John Edwards, Glazier, Richard Erwood, James Ed- Lands in the Parish of Woodmanftern, in the County of war'ds, Andrew Farrett, Samuel Farthing, Thomas Field, Surrey; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of Samuel Field, John Gilbert, William Gillham, Jervoice this House: And also,

Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Joseph Gilbert, James Gilbert, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for La

John Gane, James Gough, Thomas Harden, Stephen Hard- vesting in Trustees several Messuages, Lands, Tene- *

ing, Taylor, William Hacker, Edward Holliday, John ments, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Arthuret Hart, George Hayward, Thomas Howell, William Hard- and Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumberland, Part of ing, C oper, John Hooper, Senior, John Hooper, Ju- the Estate of Catherine Widdrington, commonly called nior, Henry Huffe, Senior, Henry Huffe, Junior, Wil- Catherine Lady Widdrington, deceased, for a Term of Earn Harden, Thomas Harden, Taylor, John Harden, Five hundred Years; for raising and paying certain Taylor, Richard Harden, Taylor, William Harden, Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham,

Labourer, Harry Jukes, John Ingram, Junior, Henry Clerk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Jerrard, Richard Ingram, Francis Ingram, John Lark- to which the Lords desire the Concurrertce of this ham, William Lucas, William Lamb, Joseph Lamb, James House.

Lambert, Thomas Lanham, John Marsham, Maltster, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Isaac Moody, Edward Mead, Francis Mead, John

Moore, Thomas Moore, John Merchant, Joseph-Moody, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto Luke Mead, Luke Marsham, Senior, Luke Marsham, for vetting in Trustees several Messuages, Lands, Te-Junior, John Marsham, Sawyer, Joseph Norton, Wil- nements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Arthuret liam Newton, William Nefbick, William Newton, Junior, and Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumberland, Part of the Reverend John Nairn, Rogef Norton, Joseph Nor- the Estate of Catherine Widdrington, commonly called ton, Samuel Norton, Henry Ofbome, John Penny, Richard Catherine Lady Widdrington, deceased, for a Term of Pitman, Walter Piercy, James Piercy, William Penny, Wil- Five hundred Years; for raising and paying certain liam Piercy, Elias Pitman, Thomas Piercy, Edward Piercy, Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham, Clerk;

Nathaniel Phillips, Samuel Phillips, John Randall, Ed- and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read ward Ranger, Francis Ranger, William Ranger, Thomas the First Time.

Richardson, John Ranger, John Richardson, John Ran- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. some, Robert Ranger, William Steevens, Thomas Spencer,

Carpenter, James Smart, William Snook, George Spender, A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Mary-ic^m*

Junior, Thomas.....Steevens, William Spender, John Poor, within the Parish of Saint in the

Steevens, Breeches-maker, Elias Steevens (Hag) Edward County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse in Shergold, George Spender, Matthew Steevens, William the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Steevens (Hag) George Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Senior, (Hag) James Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, MackwMr. And they are to meet Junior (Hag) Thomas Steevens (Hag) Roger Spender, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Charles Sympfon, Robert Small alias Taylor, Elias Chamber.

Steevens, Son of George, James Steevens, Isaac Savage,

Henry Savage, John Steevens, Son of Henry, Thomas Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Long Shergold, Thomas Shergold, Junior, Joseph Scammel, Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Itc ^l0D*

and Inclosure.

15 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 235

and Commonable Places of Itchington and Bafcote, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Drummond Mr. Adam reported from the Committee, to whom fi‘Cr*joui)’» the Petition of Gregour of , El-

Name. quire, Captain and Adjutant of the Westminster Regiment of Militia for the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, One on the 28th Day of June 1633, intituled, " Ad anent the Clan Gregour;" and the other on the 15 th Day of June 1693, intituled, " Act for the Judiciary in the lands,'* were read: And,

John Stewart, a Serjeant in the Middlesex Militia, being examined, said. That many of the Clan Gregour have taken, and now bear other Names, in Obedience to the above-mentioned Acts: And,

Mr. George Urqu/iart being examined, said. That the Causes which induced the Parliament of Scotland to pass the said Acts, are now very little known; and that the Clan suffer many great Inconveniencies from being debarred the Use of their own Name, particularly in all Proceedings at Law.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, the 28th Day of June 1633, intituled, "Ad anent the Clan Gregourand the 15 th Day of June 1693, intituled, " Act for the Judiciary in the Highlands," so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament of the 26th Day of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac Gregors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, the 28th Day of June 1633, intituled, " Ad anent the Clan Gregour," and the 15th Day of 1693, intituled, " Act for the Judiciary in the Highlands," so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament, of the 26th Day of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac And

that Mr. Adam, Sir Adam and General Frafer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

CkT^eni A. Bill for incorporating certain Persons, for the Re-WidowsT&c. lief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen,' within the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Lord Ludlow, Sec.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Cranford Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom inclosore. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Vol. 35.

had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to amend, and render more effectual, in His Mutiny Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this Da"d. present Session of Parliament; intituled, "An Act for " punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed t a Committee of the whole House. [

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of mu his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit;" and to prevent Actions being brought upon Judgments, without Leave of the Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up respectively: And that Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Anneflcy,

Mr. Laroche, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Promissory from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Notes, Sec. was referred ,to take into Consideration a Practice, which has lately prevailed, of negociating Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, of a small Value, and the Inconveniencies arising therefrom, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That sundry Inconveniencies have arisen, from the Negociation of Promissory Notes for a small Value, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir George Savfle, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Rice, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Jackson, Mr.

Src Thomas Clavering, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr.

Cornwall, and Mr. Ewer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, the Petitioner Shafteftmry before-mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on ElcAion. both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said SeleA Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the

Sitting

Braunston

Inclosure.

2

28° Martii.

4- 1775

Sitting Members, had, in his Frefence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioner, alternately struck off One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lift* lo struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Members then remaining unstruck; which last-mcn-tioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

John Peach Hungerford, Esquire,

Junior, Esquire, Henry W Esquire,

Francis Annejley, Esquire, Sir George Robinson, Baronet, the

teen Leys without Common, and to the Great and Small Tithes; and also except the Lord of the said Manor, who, besides his Manerial Rights, is Owner of Three Quarters of a Yard Land and Two Cottage Commons; and also except the Owners of-Nine other Yard Lands One Quarter and Five-sixths ot a Quarter of a Yard Land, and the Owners of Seven Cottage Commons, who have severally ligned the Petition against the said Bill; and that the Whole of the Linds intended to be inclosed, contift of Forty-one Yard Lands, and the Whole of the Cottage Commons are

honourable George Venables Vernon, Abel Smith, Esquire, Fourteen) and that the Committee had gone through

Asjhelon Curzon, Esquire, James Sutton, Esquire, Rowland Holt, Esquire, Sir John Duntze, Baronet, Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet, Sir George Yonge, Baronet.

And the Names of the Lord Guernsey, and George

Clive, Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits

of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset; and they were then sworn by. the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly " try the Matter of the Petition of Hans " Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, referred to you;

" and a true Judgment give according to the " Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner, Hans Wintrop timer, Esquire, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Order "of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, was committed;

Mr. Poivys accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, the Reverend John Edwards, Red or of the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton, and Hand Part of the Question;

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of Sir John Webb, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Braunston, in the County of ton, the Reverend Mr. John Edwards, Rector of the Parish of Braunston aforesaid, Lumley Arnold, William Foster, Thomas Harris, John Varney, and others, wljofe Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Land and Grounds in the Common Fields of Braunston aforesaid, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard., by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read r*. Second Time;.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now", and, at the End of the Question to add " upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now.".

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

1

40.

at.

Tc.tas for.hcNo

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Amendments made by the- Committee to the said. Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The faicj Amendments being accordingly severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally

Arnold, Esquire, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in Estates within the said Parish, by their Counliel; and also had heard Counsel, in f)avour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied, with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be time; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and have, ligned the Bill (except George Cloridge, who is possessed

of One Yard Land, who has not ugned the BiJJ, but put thereupon, agreed to by the Hopfe. allowed his Son to lign the lame, in his Presence, and . A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for with his Approbation; and also except, the Principal, making a Compensation to the Lord of the Manor as Fellows, and Scholars, of JeJus College, in Oxford, who Lord of the Soil, are Patrons of the Rectory; and also exceptWilliam And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; Hollis, Owner of One Yard Land and a Quarter; and which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the also except John Curtis, Proprietor of One Quarter of Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be d Yard Land; and also except Zacheus Chapman, Pro- made Part of the Bill.

prietor of One Quarter of a Yard Land; and also ex- Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the cept Thomas Hollis, Owner of One Cottage Common; Bill.

these several Persons have neither ligned the Bill, nor Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Petition against the Bill; and also except the Rec- lngrossed. for of the said Parish, who, as such, is entitled to Two

Yard Lands of Glebe and Common thereto belong- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ing, and also to a Piece of Land, confiding of Seven- Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 ... folercurii.

i5 Geo. Ill,

290 Martii. 237

Mercurii) 2 9* Martii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1775. Prayers.

Tweed Q I R Thomas Clavering presented to the House, ac-fifoeriea. O cording to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River " Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the u fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the " said River:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time.

Brinsley, Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, ac-&c. cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. Commons and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinsley, in the Parish of Greajhy, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Rolewright The Lord IVenman reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Closes, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Rolewright, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Person, who is Tenant for Life of Three Yard Lands, and also Proprietor of Three Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contains Seventy Yard Lands and Home odd Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, lvith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Spaldwick, The Lord Hir.cJiingbrook presented to the House, ac-&c- cording to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and Inclosure. jnc]0fjng5 the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick, with . Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pinvin An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, in the County of Wore eft er, was read the Third Time.

within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, in the County of Worcester,

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Cranford Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish Inclosure. of Cranford, in the County of Nortlumpton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to Poor: Order, a Bill to prevent unnecessary Removals of the Regulating Poor; and to promote the granting of Certificates: RemovaI*-And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Ernes:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for viscount exchanging certain Lands and Tenements, Part of the Torrington’* Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Totrington, for certain Lands and Tenements belonging to the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptft College, in the University of Oxford; and also for exchanging certain Mills and Lands thereunto belonging, likewise comprized in the said Settlement, for certain Lands and Tenements belonging to John Billy, Gentleman; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Auberey’s naturalizing John Peter Auberey, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers. withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^Viscount for exchanging certain Lands and Tenements, Part of i0£^onk the Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Torrington, for certain Lands and Tenements, belonging to the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford; and all'o for exchanging1 certain Mills and Lands thereto belonging, likewise comprized in the said Settlement, for certain Lands and Tenements belonging to John Billy, Gentleman; was read the First Time.

Resolved, Thr.t the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns (from Account the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the presented: Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to SlIk» the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Silk,

Cotton, Worsted, Linen, and mixed, Hole, of English Manufacture, exported to North America, and The West Indies, from drift mas 1772 to Christmas 1774: distin-guiIhing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was reac).

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is pielerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That the Bill 4° Pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, Yol. 3$.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridg# Birmingham Canal Navigation, under their Common ^anaI' Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting 5 P forth.

238 20° Mariii. ^1775*

forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, and the Coal Works in that Neighbourhood, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourlon, in the County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners apprehend they may be materially affected in the event of such an Undertaking, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable CanaJ, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to communicare with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called 'The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, near The Level upon Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near Wordeftey Brook, in the said Parish, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Hat, 8cc. An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Manufacture* \n the 14th Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

<c An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses

committed by Persons employed in the Manu-€< fasture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen,

€< Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax,

" Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers " and Journeymen Hot-Pressers, and of all Persons " employed in the said several Manufactures; and for 4C the better Payment of their Wages," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second " Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual " preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by " Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and " in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, u Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures y and for preventing unlawful Combinations u of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-Pressers, u and of all Persons employed in the said several <c Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their " Wages."

Ordered, That Sir Harbord Harbord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fifer* Lord Charles Spencer, from the Select Committee, c lon* who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the honourable Charles James Fox, and John Williams, Esquire, and also the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants and Householders, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, within the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, in Behalf of themselves and others, in like Manner Inhabitants and Householders within the same, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

4

That the honourable Sir Eyre Coole, Knight of the Bath, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset:

And also. That the said Committee have determined.

That Joshua Mauger, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur* gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Poole.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Adam presented to the House, according to Drummonds’ Order, a Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Parlia- (M'^regour) ment of Scotland the 28th Day of June 1633, intituled, amc’

" Act anent the Clan Gregourf and the 15th Day of June 1693,' intituled, " Act for the Judiciary in The " Highlands," so far as relates to the Mac Greg ours; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament, of the 26th Day of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac Gregonrs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Offices and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ER, Plo>’ment, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace; or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,. have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Rape Seed. Manufacturers in the Woollen Trade, in the Town of Witney, in Oxfordshire, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lamberts* to confirm a Lease made by William Lambert, an Infant, heal Dg. with the Consent of his Guardians, to the Right honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley, of Lands in the Parish of Woodmanftern, in the County of Surrey, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Hinclon Reading of the Bill to incapacitate William Abraham, Election. James Anderson, Junior, James Anderson, Senior, Renalder

Bowles,

15 Geo. 11L

29° Ma

239

Bowles, Luke Beckett, Son of Waller Beckett, Philip Beckett, Edward Beckett, Seevyer, Reuben Burnett, Bishop,

Waller Beckett, Beckett, Son of William Beckett,

Bricklayer, Philip Beckett, Junior, William Brookes, John Beckett, Baker, Benjamin Beckett, John Baldwin, John Beckett, John Bell, John Beckett, Seevyer, Beckett,

Edward Beckett, Mason, William Burnett, William Beckett, William Bye, Senior, Thomas Bye, William Bye, Junior, John Beckett, Butcher, Thomas Brookes, John Bowles, Joseph Cuffe in the Dean, Joseph Cholfey, Junior, William Chiverell, Joseph Cholfey, Senior, Samuel Collier, John Chiverell, Benjamin Cholfey, Junior, Nathaniel Cuffe, William Crabb, William Cuffe, Senior, Hedger, Benjamin Cholfey, Senior, Francis Chiverell, William Cuffe, Junior, John Davis, Senior, John Davis, Junior, Samuel Dazv, John Dewey, John Dukes, Senior, John Dukes, Junior, George Dukes, Matthew Davis, William Day, John Dowle, Robert Day, William Dukes, Thomas Dukes, James Dazis, John Edwards, Labourer, John Edwards, Glazier, Richard Erwood, James Edwards, Andrezv Farrett, Samuel Farthing, Thomas Field, Samuel Field, John Gilbert, William Gill ham, Jervoice Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Joseph Gilbert, James Gilbert, John Gane, Jaynes Gough, Thomas Harden, Stephen Harding, Taylor, William Hacker, Edward Halliday, John Hart, George Hayward, Thomas Howell, William Harding, Cooper, John Hooper, Senior, John Hooper, Junior, Henry Huffe, Senior, Henry Huffe, Junior, William Harden, Thomas Harden, Taylor, John Harden, Taylor, Richard Harden, Taylor, William Harden, Labourer, Harry Jukes, John Ingram, Junior, Henry Jerrard, Richard Ingram, Francis Ingram, John Lark-ham, William Lucas, William Lamb, Joseph Lamb, James Lambert, Thomas Lanham, John Marsham, Malt Her, Isaac Moody, Edward Mead, Francis Mead, John Moore, Thomas Moore, John Merchant, Joseph Moody, Luke Mead, Luke Marsham, Senior, Luke Marsham, Junior, John Marsham, Sawyer, Joseph Norton, William Newton, William Nefbick, William Newton, Junior, the Reverend John Nairn, Roger Norton, Joseph Norton, Samuel Norton, Henry Osborne, John Penny, Richard Pitman, Walter Piercy, James Piercy, William Penny, William Piercy* Elias Pitman, Thomas Piercy, Edward Piercy, Nathaniel Phillips, Samuel Phillips, John Randall, Edward Ranger, Francis Ranger, William Ranger, Thomas Ricluirdson, John Ranger, John RichardJ'on, John Ran-some, Robert Ranger, William Steevens, Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, James Smart, William Snook, George Spender,

Junior, Thomas.....Steevens, William Spender, John

Stee^jens, Breeches-maker, Elias Steevens (Hag) Edward Shergold\ George Spender, Matthew Steevens, William Steevens (Hag) George Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Senior (Hag) James Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Junior (Hag) Thomas Steevens (Hag) Roger Spender, Charles Sympfon, Robert Small, alias Taylor, Elias Steevens, Son of George, James Steevens, Isaac Savage, Henry Savage, John Steevens, Son of Henry, Thomas Shergold, Thomas Shergold, Junior, Joseph Scammel, William Sandle, William Sandle, Junior, Edward Tillich, Luke Tiler, Thomas Wier, Sawyer, Robert Wier, Labourer, Moses Weeks, Edward White, Hedger, James Wier, Grocer, Edward White, Ratcatcher, Robert Wier, Butcher, Matthew White, Junior, William While, Matthew White, Senior, Charles Wier, James Wier, Labourer, John While, William Wier, Thomas /Tier, and John Wier, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of I Vi Itbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Messenger, who was directed to serve the several

VOL, 35-

Persons named in the said Bill with a Copy thereof, was Hitt-tan called in, and examined, to prove the said Service. e lon‘

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed, that Thomas Spencer, one of the Persons named in the said Bill, attended at the Door; he was called in, to the Bar; and, having acquainted the House, that he was desirous to be heard now, on Behalf of himself, against the said Bill;

He was directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Thomas Spencer be again called in, and that Part of the Report from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of van undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, which relates to the said Thomas Spencer, be read to him *, and that he be asked what he has to offer to the House, relative to the said Charge;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Second u that" to

the End of the Question, and inferring, " the Bill be <c read to him, and that he be asked, by Mr. Speaker, cc what he has to offer against the said Bill."

And the Qupftion being pAt, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J; jramlle, J ,2Q_

Tellers for the Noes, ^|to7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Thomas Spencer be again called in; and that Part of the Report from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, which relates to the said Thomas Spencer, be read to him; and that he be asked, what he has to offer to the House, relative to the said Charge.

The said Thomas Spencer was accordingly called in; and so much of the said Report being read to him, he was heard thereto.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Then the said Question being again proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," and adding at the End thereof, the Words " upon this Day " Six Months."

The House was moved. That the Journals of the House, of the zzd Day of March 1722, and lhe 4th Day of April 1723, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Bill for inflicting certain Pains anc} Penalties upon Francis Lord Bishop of Rochester, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Word " now" Hand Part of the said proposed Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, whose Name® are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf

240 290 — 3°° . 1775.

half of themselves and others who have a Right to vote for the said Borough, which wasYefterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until 'the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or ^Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Hindon A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Election. thereunto fef and subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is brought into the House, to incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the county of ; and that, by the said Bill, the Petitioners are declared to be disabled from giving any Vote at any Election for choosing a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, either for the said Borough of Hindon, or for any County, City, Town, Borough, or other Place in Great Britain, fending Members to Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves aggrieved by the said Bill, in being so incapacitated as aforesaid, and that so much of the said Bill as relates to such Incapacitation of the Petitioners ought not to pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to their said Incapacitation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Compittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ditto. The House was moved, That the First of the Resolutions which were reported from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of ''James Esquire, and Richard

Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

" Richard Smith, Esquire, by his Agents, has been " guilty of notorious Briber)', in procuring himself to " be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for inflicting a suitable Punishment on the said Richard Smith, Esquire, for his said Offence;

It paired in the Negative.

The House was also moved. That the Second of the said Resolutions, which were reported from the said Committee, might be read.

* And the same was read accordingly; and is as follow-

cth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That t; Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, by his Agents, has " been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in " this present Parliament, for the said Borough of " Hindon."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they have Power to receive a

Clause, or Clauses, for inflicting a suitable Punishment on the said Thomas Brand , Esquire, for his said Offence;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penjilvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Martii\

Anno icf Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pechelland Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Bulkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing, and widening the Road leading from " Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of " Anglesey," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir

Coal

Waggoft*.

&c.

New Jersey, &c. Restrictim*

Wiyi

and Means,

Supply.

Thames and liif Navigation,

Anglesey,

Road,

Lea an3

Marfloit,

Stc.

Inclosure.

Hoytl Af&nt to Billa.

15 Geo. III. 30* Martii.

241

Sir Chatkt Hotie presented to the House, according to Order, a- Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and in the Parish of Lea Marston, in the County of Warwick and allb

certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of DntOon, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Fitft Time.

Refohtd, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir neux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the Hdufe had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New

and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, in North , to Great,

Ireland, and the British Islands in the Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and Limitations:

An Act to-amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers 'Thames and Ifts, from the City of London to the Town of Crick-lade, in the County of Wilts

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from New market, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the Road branching out of, and leading from, the aforesaid Road, near the Devils Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present Turnpike Road which leads to Cambridge; and for repairing the Highway through the Town of Newmarket, to the present Turnpike Road from thence to Thetford.

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the settled Estate of Sir Jacob Wolf, baronet, in Trustees, to be conveyed to a Purchaser thereof, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of orivef Estates, to be settled to the same Ufts:

- An Act for declaring certain Lands, allotted to Harrfon, Esquire, in the Parish of ip

the County of Lincoln, to be Copyhold and Freehold respectively, pursuant to the Award of the Commit-fioriers appointed by an Act of Parliament, of the 11th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Township arid' Parish of Bishop Norton, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable fields. Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Township and Parish of in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, wjfehifl, the Parish of Scaldwell, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the

Vol. 35.

several Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Wolverley, in the County of Worcester

' An Act for naturalizing Darnel Henry Rucker.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Cottage*. 31st Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled,

" An Act against the erecting and maintaining of Cot- tages," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that Mr. Cat or, Mr. Burke, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Daniel Lafctllts reported from the Committee, Blackhwn’* to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Lcchange. An Act to enable the Reverend John Blackburn, View of the Parish and Parish Church of Boffall, in the County of York, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, belonging to Henry Brewster Darley, Esquire, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in ,a£ the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth according to Order, reported New Jersey, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bjll to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Rt 1 Colonies of New Jersey, Pensilvania, , ginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Frauds arising in the Exportation of Goods of the Produce of the Counties of Kent, , and New-(astle \

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made. Part, of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingossed.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His American Majesty’s Command, Colonies.

N® x. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Boston, 17th February 1775: Received 27th;

inclosing,

N° 2. Extracts from the Records of the late Provincial Congress, held at Cambridge, in the

Months of October, November, and 1774; also, Extracts from the Minutes of the 3 Q Proceedings

2±% 3.00 Martii. ins-

Proceedings of the Gongress, held at u >. in.February 1775.

N° 3. Proceedings of the Provincial Congress at Cambridge, xm the 7 th, vfth, and 16th 1775: And all'o,

JsT° 4. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Governor Gage to the Earl of dated

'20th February 1775: Received 27th March.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered \That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papins are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Colonies, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the " better Payment of the Army and their Quarters," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for extending the Prcvisions of the said Bill to His Majesty’s Marine Forces.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-tauttee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

* Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had- gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him ito report when the House will please ’to receive the same.

' - Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow -Mbrning.

Offices Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, re-, *n<1 ported from the Committee of the whole House,

mp oyments who‘m the Bill to; indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemr nify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:- was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingioffed.

Genera?’"1 Bill for veiling Part of the Garden of the Society-Offices, of Lincoln sInn, in the County of in the

Lincoln'sinn. Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his

Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of creating thereon

Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register '

.of the said Court, was read a Second Times *

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. .:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.; ‘ -1.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rel’olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, ’ according. to Luton, Order, a Bill for continuing, and making more dfec- ^c* tual, several Acts of Parliament, for preparing/ the Rotd* Roads from Luton, in the County of to West-

wood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Bonfalf, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of &c.

and Wirksworth, in the ‘ County of Derby, was read a *nci°farc'

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,' Braun Ba« That the Bill, now ingrafted, for dividing and inclosing Indofure-the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures,

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, bf and within the Parish and Liberties of in

the. County of Northampton, be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,’ . } 3‘‘

Tellers for the Noe,p^"'«> } *4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Bill was accordingly read the Third Time. ,'

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. i. To leave out from " Leases" to " provided " in 1. 21.

Pr. 17. 1. 13. To leave out "" and insert " Joseph " instead thereof.

Pr. 26. 1. 33. After " Webb " to insert " the said " Proprietors making Satisfaction "for the fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunflon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the fyll to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ^ratt*’* whom the Bill for vesting in James Watt, Engineer, alent' his Executors, Administrators, anch Assigns, the foie Ufeand Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the -House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock.

Feneris,

15 Geo. III. 310 Martii. 243

Veneris, 31° Martii,

Anno i5° Georgii III*" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Haslemere fTpHE Hour, appointed for taking into Confederation Election. the Petition of William Burke, and Henry

Esquires, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the Borough of

mere, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves,

and other Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters of the said Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Merrick Baronet, and Thomas

More Molyneux, Esquire, for the said. Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by. Mr. Speaker, and 115 Members being found to be present »

The Petitioner, Mr. Burke, with his, Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said Mr. Kelly, and of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel anJ Agents for the Sitting Members, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And. the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-lide of the said Box, figried by Mr. Speaker, purport ing, " That the said Box was, on the 30th Day of " March 1775, made up in his Prelence, in the Manner directed by ail Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read'.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestatiop inclosed therein, and ligned by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, put ".into the said Box on the 10th Day;of 177?,"

was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct 'Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glaifes, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken. together ;...£tnd then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glaifes, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not qbjestyd to.,. .:

..Vol, 35.

And the Name of Robert Henley Ongky, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Members declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Members; and the said Member having in his Place consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Thomas Townshend being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioners declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioners; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sixteen other Mem- ’ bers, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on Account of his having in this Session of Parliament served on a Select: Committee; Six, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Nine, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete, and Two Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened;

And one of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the.Petitioners, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and thereupon the Petitioner, Mr.'* Burke, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Lanark the 7th Day of Decemberlaft, for taking into Confide- Ekftion. tion, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of Daniel Campbell,

of Shawfield, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and . Return for the County of Lanark, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ‘

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Five Minutes before

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. ' ' j.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing and enlarging the ' Anglesey, Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road leading from " Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of " Anglesey," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the- Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made« in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road leading from " Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of " Angle fey."

Ordered, That the Lord Bulkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message

Bedford Level, Sec, Drainage.

Hertford

Gaol.

Stone’s

Estate

Hampstead

(Middlesex)

Nightly

Watch.

Pew fey inclosure.

Cutfden,

&c.

Inclosure.

Tadmarton

Inclosure.

244

3 10 Martii.

4- 1775-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. ami Mr.

Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, to enable the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act. made in the Twenty-l'eventh Year or the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, to charge further. Taxes upon the said North Level and the said adjoining Lands; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Halsey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a more commodious Situation, was committed i That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rejrort to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read, throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Devon and City of late

the Estate of Robert Stone, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof; and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in Payment of the Debts of the said Robert , pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read'a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Tonge, Mr. Parker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the- Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Pafldges, within the Town and Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex: and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr* John Smith, Mr. Darker, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Penruddoeke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Common Downs, called Southcott Down, Kepnell Down, Work Down, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of And the same was received and read the FirstTimc.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill % dividing and inclosing the Open and (ppmmon Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of C«//</^w,otherwise in the Parish of Breedon, in the County of Worafter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are toi meet: this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber, -

The Lord Wenman prefehted to the House, according

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts of Upper Tadmarton and Lozver Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Bremhill, Stinted Pasture, called Stockham Marsh, in the Parish, of *c-

Bremhill in the County of Wilts; and for exonerating nc 0 ure* certain old Inclosures, within the said Parish, froivfijbe Payment of Tithes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Penruddoeke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town StourbriJge of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and of the CanaL Freeholders and Inhabitants of the adjacent Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worrefer, to or near a Place called Stour ton, in the County of Stafford, there to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worceferf lire Canal; and also for making Two collateral'

Cuts, out of the said intended Canal, to certain Places, called The Fens, Parcel of Penfnet Chafe, and The Level, other Parcel of Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kittg-swinford, in the said County of; and that, by

Means of the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts, opening into very extensive Coal Mines lying between the Towns of Stourbridge and Dudley, large Quantities of Coal, which in their present State are prevented from being brought to Market, for Want of Water Carriage, will be navigated down the River Severn; and that, the Town and Neighbourhood being chiefly supplied with Coals from the Severn, the Petitioners apprehend such intended Communication will tend to insure a more plentiful Supply of that Article, and at a cheaper Rate than at present, and in Return very considerable Quantities of Grain, Hops, and Cyder, the Produce of that Country, will be conveyed into a very populous and commercial Country, upon more easy Terms than by the present Land Carriage, and other public Advantages will be derived therefrom: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcef er, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcef erfhireCanal at or near Stourton, in

the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, near The Level upon Penfnet Chaff, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal, near -dejley Brook, in the said Parish, Ire read1 a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported- Mutiny from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the *nd.

Bill to amend, and render more effectual in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place;

Ways and Means.

Supply,

Adjournment.

Atibery’s

Nat.

Stourbridge

Cana].

Ditto.

i c Geo. III. 31 0 Mar245

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Timfr, One by One; and, upon the Question Severally put 'thereupon \ were agreed 'to by the House.

Ordered, That* the Bill,- with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

: And the said Order being read accordingly

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolvfe itself into the' said Committee.

OrderedfTbqX the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider further of the Supply. granted to His Ma-je.fty, be now r.ead*1 , -

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolvedffhat this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve if self into the* said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day* adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing-Peter Aubery, was read the First Tim?., .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

: II ! . *

A Petition of John Hodgetts, of P ref wood, in the County of Stafford, El quire, the Reverend Paul White, q{ fanfare, in the same County, Clerk, and Susannah Seager9 of Kinfare aforesaid, Spfofter, Owners ol Lands in the several Parishes of Kingszvinford and Kinfare, or one of them, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, from, the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Cut or Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, through the Parishes of Oldswinford, Kingswitiford, and Kinfare, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, to communicate with the Staffordshire and W'orcefiershire Canal Navigation already made, between the Rivers Severn and jTrent, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also a collateral Cut, or Branch, out of the said proposed Canal, from the said Town of Stourbridge, through the said Parish of Kingszvinford, to a Place called The Fens, Parcel of Penfnet Chafe; and also one other collateral Cut, to certain Collieries called The Moors, and from thence to or near a Place called B agues Glass Houses, in Brett ell Lane, to, or near a certain Place called The Level, other Parcel of Penfnet Chafe; und that the Petitioners are Owners or Propri-tors of 146 Chains and 65 Jfmks of Land through which the said intended Cut or Canal is proposed to be made, which is a very considerable Part of the whole Length thereof; and that the making the said intended Cut or Canal through the said Lands, will be greatly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That, should a Bill, in pjurfuance of the said Petition, be brought in, the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame, and have such Relief as to the Hause shall seem meet.

A Petition of John Hodgetts, Llquire, Edward Knight, Esquire, and Eleanor Cafwell. Spinster, Owners and Proprietors of several Forges, Slitting Mills, Wire Mills, and other Mills and Works, ftuate on or near the River Stour, in the several Counties of Stafford and Worcester, and of Abraham Spooner, Esquire, John Knight, Esquire, John Ryland, Richard Marflon, George Stokes, and Moses Harper, Occupiers, Tenants, and Workers, of several of the said Forges, Mills, and Works, in Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners, Proprie-VOL.35.

tors. Occupiers, Tenants, and Workers, of the Forges, Mills, and Works, aforesaid, was also presented to the FJoufe, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Petition; and Setting forth, That the* Petitioners are apprehensive, fiioukj a Bill, in conformity to the Prayer of the said Petition; pals into a Law, the same cannot be carried into Execution without materially injuring the Property and Interests of the Petitioners, by diverting Part of the said River Stour, or diverting or flopping several Springs, Streams, Brooks, Rivulets Qr Waters, which now communicate with the said River Stour: And therefore praying. That, should a Bill, in pursuopce of the said Petition, be brought info the House, the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the fame, and may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Wor-, cester, to communicate with the Staffordshire

and Worcesterfiire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a ! Place called The Fens, and the other from a

Place called Black Delph, near The Level, upon

Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal nearr Wordefey Brooky in the said Parish, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said BilJ, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said BilJ, against the said Petitions.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven* night, upon the Bill to incapacitate William Abraham, James Anderson, Junior, James Anderson, Senior,'Renalder Bowles, Luke Beckett, Son of Walter Beckett, Philip Beckett, Edward Beckett, Seevyer, Reuben Bttrnett, John Bishop, Walter Beckett, John Beckett, Son of William Beckett, Bricklayer, Philip Beckett, Junior, William Brookes, John Beckett, Baker, Benjamin Beckett, John Baldzvin, John Beckett, John Bell, John Beckett, Seevyer, Luke Beckett, Edward Beckett, Mason, William Burnett, William Beckett, William Bye, Senior, Thomas Bye, William Bye, Junior, John Beckett, Butcher, Thomas Brookes, John Bowles, Joseph Cuffe in the Dean, Joseph Choi fey, Ju1 nior, William Chiverell, Joseph Choljey, Senior, Samuel Collier, John Chiverell, Benjamin Choi fey. Junior, Nathaniel Cuffe, William Crabb, William Cuffe, Senior, Hedger,* Benjamin CAo/fey, Senior, Francis Chiverell, . William Cuffe, Junior, John Davis, Senior, John Davis, Junior, Samuel Dazv, John Dewey, John Dukes, Senior, John Dukes, Junior, George Dukes, Matthew Davis, William Day, John Dozvle, Robert Day, William Dukes, Thomas Dukes, James Davis, John Edwards, Labourer, John Edwards, Glazier, Richard Erwood, James Edwards, Andrew Farrett, Samuel Farthing, Thomas Field, Samuel Field, John *Gilbert, William Gillham, Jervoice Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Joseph Gilbert, James Gilbert, John Gane, James Gough, Thomas Harden, Stephen Harding, Taylor, William Hacker, Edward Halliday, John Hart, George Hayward, Thomas Howell, William Harding, Cooper, John Hooper, Senior, John Hooper, Junior, Henry Huffe, Senior, Henry Huffe, Junior, William Harden, Thomas Harden, Taylor, John Harden, Taylor, Rickard Harden, Taylor, William Harden, Labourer, Harry Jukes, John Ingram, Junior, Henry Jerrard, Richard Ingram, Francis Ingram, John Lark-ham, William Lucas, William Lamb, Joseph Lamb, James Lambert, Thomas Lanham, John Marsham, Maltster,

3 R Ifuac

Hindon

Election.

Haslemere

Election.

31° Martii.

4.1775.

Isaac Afoody, Edward Aiead, Francis Aiead, John Moore, Thomas Moore, John Merchant, Joseph Moody, Luke Mead, Luke Marsham, Senior, Luke Marsham, Junior, John Marsham, Sawyer, Joseph Norton, William Nezvton, William Nejbick, William Newton, Junior, the Reverend John Nairn, Roger Norton, Joseph Norton, Samuel Norton, Henry Osborne, John Penny, Richard Pitman, Walter Piercy, James Piercy, William Penny, William Piercy, Elias Pitman, Thomas Piercy, Edward Piercy, Nathaniel Phillips, Samuel Phillips, John Randall, Edward Ranger, Francis Ranger, William Ranger, Thomas Richardson, John Ranger, John Richardson, John Ran-some, Robert Ranger, William Steevens, Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, James Smart, William Snook, George Spender, Junior, Thomas .....*. Steevens, William Spender, John Steevens, Breeches-maker, Elias Steevens (Hag) Edward Shergold, George Spender, Alatthew Steevens, William Steevens (Hag) George Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Senior, (Hag) James Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Junior (Hag) Thomas Steevens (Hag) Roger Spender, Charles Sympfon, Robert Small alias Taylor, Elias Steevens, Son of George, James Steevens, Isaac Savage, Henry Savage, John Steevens, Son of Henry, Thomas Shergold, Thomas Shergold, Junior, Joseph Scammel, William Sandle, William Sandle, Junior, Edward Tulick, Luke Tiley, Thomas Wier, Sawyer, Robert Wier, Labourer, Alofes Weeks, Edward White, Hedger, James Wier, Grocer, Edward White, Ratcatcher, Robert Wier, Butcher, Matthew White, Junior, William White, Matthew White, Senior, Charles Wier, James Wier, Labourer, John White, William Wier, Thomas Wier, and John Wier, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 10th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

William Burke, Esquire,. the Petitioner before-mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, alternately struck off One of the Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names then remaining unstruck, which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Sir Adam Ferguson, Baronet, Lord Bulk ley, Paul Fielde, Esquire, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, John Morgan, Esquire, the Honourable James Stewart, Sir George Mac-cartney, Knight of the Bath, Colonel Phillips, Christopher Griffith, Esquire, John Elwes, Esquire, William Nedham, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Sir Henry Houghton, . Baronet.

And the Names of Robert Henley Ongley, Esquire, and the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, That they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of William Burke and Henry Kelly, Esquires, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the Borough 6f Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants Freeholders and legal -Voters of the said Borough, complaining of an undue.

Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of William Burke " and Henry Kelly, Esquires, and also of the u Petition of the several Persons whose Names cc are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants Free-u holders aild legal Voters of the Borough , " of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, on

cc Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabit " tants Freeholders and legal Voters of the u said Borough* referred to you; and a <c true Judgment give according to the Evi-u dence. <c So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner, William Burke, Esquire,

With the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Order of the Dajr being read, for the Ml^or<J> &c. Second Reading of the Bill for the better Relief and °°r’ Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of A1 it ford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands* Houses, and Tenements, in the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, within the Hundred of Launditch, in the County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, and Tenements, in the several Parishes* Hamlets; Or Places, within the Hundred of Mitford, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of their said Petitions, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by wray of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

ike

ike

inei

fi

\vh

cef

fc

Tellers for the Yeas, jf-r

60.

Tellers for the Noes

l!

12.

Mr. Milles Sir Harbord Harbord.

Mr. Charles Townshend.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Milles, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the major Part of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of East Dear ham in the County of Norfolk, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this Instant March, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Commitec, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the

Heytelbury

Writ.

15 Geo. III. 31° Martii. — 3* Aprilis. 247

.the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve'in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hin the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable William Gordon, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Grooms of His Majesty’s Bedchamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LtuntZy 30 Aprilis;

Anno 150 Georgii IIl,u Regis, 1775*

Prayers.

Han well A/f R- Thomas Edwards Freeman reported from the

Charity. _LVA Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to exchange Lands between the Trustees of a certain Charity Eftafe, at Han-well, in the County of , and William and

Henry Berners, Esquires, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Edxvards Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mevagissey Mr. Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom Pier. 1 the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornwall, of the Owners of Lands within and near the said Manor, and of several Persons residing in and near the Town of who are

concerned in and carry on the Pilchard Fishery, and who trade to and from the said Town, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Stephen Rice informed your Committee, That the Town of Mevagissey is situated on the South Side of the County of Cornwall, contiguous to the British Channel, that it is a very convenient Situation for carrying on the Pilchard Fishery, and the same has been carried on there for a long Series of Years; that a small Pier was formerly erected and kept in Repair by the private Owner of the Ground and Soil near the said Town, in respect of which certain small Dues were taken from the Owners of such Vessels as partook of the Protection of the said Pier.

That the said Pier being found very incommodious, difficult of Access, and inadequate to the Increase of the Fishery, and the Resort of Vessels to the said Town, the same has been fullered to fall into Ruin and Decay; and that it hath been judged necessary to erect a new Pier upon a more enlarged Plan, for which Purpose the Sum of £. 1,300, or thereabouts, has been subscribed and expended in executing Part of the Work intended to oe carried into Execution.

Vol. 35.

That, in order to make the proper Embankments,

Quays, Wharfs; Ways, Passages, and Approaches to the said Pier, and for the Protection thereof, the Wit-nels apprehends it will be necessary to vest in Commissioners the Soil of a sufficient Quantity of Ground; for which Purpose, and for completing the several Works before-mentioned, and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the Ground and Soil which will be necessary for effecting the fame, the further Sum of £.3,000, or thereabouts, will be wanted: And,

Mr. Thomas Richardson, being exahiined, said, That by laying a reasonable Tonnage Duty on all Ships and Vessels which shall partake of the Benefit resulting from the Improvements before-mentioned, and by laying other reasonable Tolls or Duties, not- only the said Sum of £. 3,000, but the Interest thereof, and of the Sums already advanced, may be kept down, and the \ said Pier and Works at all Times kept and maintained in good and sufficient Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Town of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornw And that Mr. Grenville and the Lord Bulkeleydo prepare, arid bring in, the lame.

The Lord Howe reported from the Committee, to Hickling whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, inclosarc-Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Nottingham, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the ' 25th of April 1774* relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 23 Oxgangs of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Lands to be indofed consist of 152 Oxgangs) and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields Long and Commonable Places of Long Itchington and Baf- Itchington, cote, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second jncj^,re. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Lord Irnham, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Quadring, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common &c. Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste ladofure. Grounds, in the Parish of Quadring, and in Quadring Hundred, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 12 Common Rights and a Quarter, and Two hundred and Six Acres ol Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and the Owners of Two Common

Rights,

3* Aprilis. A. 1775.

Rights, and One Acre of Land, who could not be found; and that the whole Property consists.of One hundred and ITiirty-two Common Rights, and Nine hundred and Fi(t)r-two Acres of Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments "were Quee read throughout.; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arftendments, be ingrossed.

Fi'iboum Sir John Hynde Colton reported from the Committee, Church to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Towji or Village of Fulbourn, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed biro to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward. Hancock, being examined, said. That there are Two Churches in the same Church Yard at one called All Saints, and tire other Saint Vigors, the former of which is in a very ruinous Condition, and incapable of being repaired, so as to be fit for Divine Service; that before the said Church went to Decay, Service was never performed in both Churches at the same Time; that the said Village, though divided into Two Parishes nominally, does, in all Reipe&s, consist of but one, except that the Occupiers of certain Houses in each Part are respectively- rateable to the Repair of their Church; that the Persons rateable to the Repair of the said decayed Church being few in Number, and Persons of small Property, are not able to rebuild the fame; and that it would be a great Ease and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Village in general, if Power was. given to pull down the said decayed Church, and fell the Materials, and to rate the whole Village to the Repair of the other.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourn, and County of Cambridge; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the Church of Saint Vigors, in the said Town: And that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Jenyns, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tweed A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, Fisheries. an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating " and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and " the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and " also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir John F.den, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chafnber.

wid.irington'j An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate for vesting in Trullees several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Arthur et and Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumberland, Part of the Estate of Catharine commonly

called Catharine Lady Widdrington, deceased, for a Term of Five hundred Years, lor railing and paying certain Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham, Clerk; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet

.this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Spitu’s for naturalizing Charles Louis Spitta, was read a Second IS it-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wray, Mr. Rice,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lea and Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within Marston, the Hamlets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea jnc|*(?'1 e Marston, in the County of Warwick; and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdwcrtk, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Holte, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Brinflej, Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinsley, in the &c-Parish of Greafley, in the County of Nottingham, was Inc^ofure-read a Second a Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord -ward Bentinck, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viscount for exchanging certain Lands and Tenements, Part of Tors*°n’s the Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the ie*

Marriage of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Torrington, for certain Lands and Tenements, belonging to the President and Scholars of Sa John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford-, and also for exchanging certain Mills and Lands thereunto belonging, likewise comprized in the said Settlement, for certain.

Lands and Tenements belonging to John Dilly, Gentleman, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hotham,

Mr. Byng,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Spaldwick, and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, &c-and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spald- Incl°fore* wick with Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Hinchingbrook, Lord Ludlozv, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Reverend Michael Tyson, Clerk, Huntingdon Archdeacon of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, Clergymen’s and read; Setting forth. That, under the Will of the ''lciows‘ Reverend James Oren, late Rector of Connington and Denton, in the County of Huntingdon, deceased, the Petitioner and his Successors for the Time being, Archdeacons of Huntingdon, are-Trustees (expectant upon the Death of Beatrix Shazv) of the Sum of f. 1 ,cco.

Reduced Bank Annuities, upon Trust, to apply the Interest, Dividends, and Produce thereof, as an Augmentation of an Annual Subscription then carried on for the Benefit of distressed Widows and Orphans of such Clergymen as were at any Time theretofore possessed of a Living or Benefice in the said County; and if the said Subscription should fail, or be discontinued^ then upon such other Trusts as in the said Will is mentioned;

15 Geo. Ill* 3* Apritis. 249

honed; and taking Notice of the Bill for Incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen* within the County of

ingdon; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner conceives, the charitable Intent of the said Testator would be more effectually answered, if the said £. 1000. Bank Annuities were vested in the Governors to be incorporated by the said Bill: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for veiling the said Bank Annuities in the Governors of the said Charity, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper, and for discharging the Petitioner from the said Trull.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee,’ to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Clerkenwell Mr. Gascoynt reported from the Committee, to whom J*«or, &c. p;u for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, CLrkcnwell, in the County of

was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint James and Saint Jchuf Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, on Be-

half of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had curetted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that nothing shall extend to rate or tax the Gaol.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Shadwel!, Mn Whitworth, reported from the Committee, to whom *c- the Bill for paving and regulating, and for preventing Streets. Nuisances and Obstructions within, New Graeuel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, in the County of Middlesex, not comprised in an Att, paired in the nth Year of His present, Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lambert’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leafing. to confirm a Lease, made by William Lambert, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, to the Right honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley, of Lands in the Parish of Woodmanftem, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 35.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Storer,

General Burgoyne, &c.; And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, Luton, several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from &c. Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in ^oad* the said County, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas-coyne, Mr. Ongley, Jit,c.i And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Phillip*’

Order, a Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His Lightfioufe* present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for , the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock: And the same was received; and read the Firfk Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question bang proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time;

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of under their

Common Seal, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of March lall; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Traders, of the Port of Lancaster, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of March lall, and which ^Petitions were then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be brought in, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Trades- Ditto; men, of the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is expending, to impower John Phillips, Proprietor for a determinate Number of Years of certain Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, to levy a perpetual Tax upon all Ships or Vessels that shall pass a Lighthouse, proposed to be by him erected upon one ot those Rocks; and that the Petitioners have great Cause to doubt, whether the eretting and maintaining a sufficient Lighthouse upon any of the said Rocks be at all practicable; but, if the Futility of those Doubts should from Experience appear, they apprehend that a Lighthouse so situated will not be of such general Use as to authorize a general Taxation, nor can the Petitioners conceive that the alledged peculiar Conllruttion of the intended Building will be attended with any peculiar Advantage to Shipping, or that the Means proposed will render it distinguishable at Sea from other Lights; and that the Petitioners hope it will not appear reasonable to impose upon Shipping a certain perpetual and almoll general Tax, for an uncertain and limited Advantage ' And therefore praying, That they may be permitted by the House to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants of Glasgow, was also Dittos presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, in the Name of John Phillips, of Liverpool, to grant to him a Perpetuity, or in such Manner as the House shall think proper, of a Lease of the Rock or Rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, for eretting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses thereon; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that a Lighthouse, erected on the said Rock or Rocks, and of such Conllruttion as at all Times to be distinguished from any other Lighthouse, upon a moderate and 3 S reasonable

150 5* Apr ills, A. .1775.

reasonable Toll, maybe of great Advantage >'but the Petitioners apprehend it would be improper and dangerous, to veil Mr. John or any private Person whatever, with Power to levy a perpetual Tonnage; for the Lighthouse may never be erected, or, after it is erected, it may prove insignificant and ineffectual, or may be suffered to go into Decay, while the Tax on Trade remains certain, heavy, and perpetual; and no Remedy for Redref3 is left to the Petitioners, or others interested, but by tedious and expensive Law-suits against Mr. Phillips or his Heirs; and when every trading Town in the Kingdom is interested in applying for Redrel’s against any Abase that may be committed, it will probably be neglected b'y all: And therefore praying the Bill may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants of London, and of Dublin and Liverpool now ii\ London, and others immediately interested in the Trade carried on in Saint George’s Channel, from the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe a Petition from John Phillips before the House, praying to be enabled to erect a Lighthouse or Lighthouses on The Smalls; and that the Petitioners are well informed by the Masters of Vessels in their Employ, and others, that his Design, when executed, will be of the greatest Comfort and Safety to Trade: And therefore praying he may be enabled to carry the same into Execution.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Council, of the Corporation of Liverpool, assembled in Council, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the Petition of the said John Phillips; and Setting forth, That, if such a Lighthouse was erected upon the said Rocks, the Petitioners are of Opinion the feme would be of great Benefit to all Ships of War, and Merchant Ships, passing by, or in Sight of,‘the said Lighthouse, and would be the Means of preserving the

i Lives of many useful Seamen: And therefore praying the House, That they will give such Encouragement to the said John Phillips, as may enable him to carry his Invention into Execution, as the House shall think proper.

jrjitto A Petition of the Masters of Vessels now in London in actual Employ, and trading in Saint George’s Channel, or well acquainted therewith, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, that His Majesty has given his Consent, for perpetuating the Grant of The Smalls, to John Phillips, in order to enable him to carry his Design on that dangerous Rock or Rocks into Execution; and that the Petitioners are at a Loss to account for the Principle, which militates against that Design, as expressed in Petitions from Lancaster and Liverpool, as they never knew of any Seamen conversant in Saint George’s Channel, but wished that a Lighthouse, or Lights, may be erected on one of the said Rocks, agreeable to the Design of the said John Phillips: And therefore praying, That the said John Phillips may be enabled to carry his Design into Execution, in such Wife as shall appear meet to Parliament.

A Petition of the Merchants concerned in the Linen °‘ "Trade to Dublin, and the North of , from the

Port of London, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That a Petition has been presented from John Phillips, to enable him to build a Light or Lights on The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, a Light or Lights on one of those Rocks, would be a great Security to Trade in general, and to the Trade of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That he may be enabled to accomplish his Design, in such Manner as shall appear meet to Parliament.

Then the Question being put. That the said Bill be xtad a Second Time j 14

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Tradesmen, of the Port of Liverpool, whose - -

Names are subscribed, this Day presented to ihe House, do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Under-writers in the Port of Lon- Ditto. don, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe a Petition has been presented from John Phillips, praying that he may be enabled to erect a Light or Lights on The in

Saint George’s Channel; and that the Petitioners en-

tirely approve of his Design, and pray he may be enabled to carry it into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Stourbridge the 24th Day of March last, for reading a Second Time, CaiuL Tomorrow, the Bill for making and'maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of WorceJlejr, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford-, and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, near The Level, upon Fenfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near Wordesley Brook, in the said Parish, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom AJleftrop the Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement and lactoi'ure. Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adlejlrop, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, this being a Bill to confirm Articles of Agreement only; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntp; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Com- Stourbridge monalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the Canal. City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the county of - Worcester, to communicate with the Staffordshire and

Flegg

Poor.

J>gV»

Bftate.

Rowffwn

(Dormer,&c.)

Exchange.

Ditto.

r

15 Geo. III. 3" Apr ills. act

Worcesterfiire Canal, at or near Siourton, in the County Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two col- in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agree-lateral Cuts, to communicate with the intended Canal; ment between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin and that in the said Towns of Stourbridge and Dudley, Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee; and and their Neighbourhood, are large Manufactories of , for other Purposes therein- mentioned, was read the Nails and other Wares, and also extensive Mines of First Time.

Coal, particularly useful in sundry. Manufactories carried Ref That the Bill be read a Second Time, on in the said City, and other Mines of a peculiar Kind

of Clay, with which Fire Bricks are made, which Bricks An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Legh's arcabfolutely necessary in The Brass and Iron Founderies,' to enable 'Peter Legk, Esquire, and the Reverend Ash" Estate. Glals, and other.'Manufactures'of the said City; and burttham Clerk, to grant building and improving that a very great Inttrcouffe of Tradeis maintained be- Leases of Part' of their settled Estates, within the tween the Port of Briftoland the before-mentioned Counties-of Lancaster and was read the First

Places; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that Time.

The proposed Canal and Cuts will not only be greatly Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, beneficial to the Trade of the said City, but be of public

Utility: And therefore praying,'That the said Bill may ' Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third New Jersey, pass into a Law. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to restrain the Trade

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie.uporf the and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, - rade‘

Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a filvania, Maryland, and South Carolina, to

Navigable Canal, from or near the Town aiSt our bridge, Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the in the County of fVorcester, to communicate with the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations,

Staff or dshire and Wofcestershire Canal at or near Stour ton, be now read.

iff the County of Stafford-, and for making and main- And the said Order being read accordingly;

taining Two collateral Cilts, one from a Place called Ordered', That the said Bill be read the Third Time She Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, Tomorrow Morning, near The Level, upon Penfnet Chafe, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to cottimu- Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Accounts: Jiicate with the intended CanaJ near Wordeftey Brook, in Plantations, presented to the House, by His Majesty’s.

the said Parish, be read a Second Time. Command, *

N° 1. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and ' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Mr. Cuddon: Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1775: And

" Mr. Speaker, also, (>

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act N° 2. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Ex-within the Hundreds of East and West Flegg, in the pences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1774 County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And to the 24th of 1775: And allb, '

"also, N° 3. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His

The Ix>rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental enable Peter Legh, Esquire, and the Reverend Ashburnham Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June Legh, Clerk, to grant building and improving Leases . 1774 to the 24th of 775; And also,

of Part of their settled Estates, within the Counties of N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His

rLancaster and Chester; to which the Lords desire the Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Concurrence of this House: And also, Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for *774 to the 24th of June 1775: And also, establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands N° 5. Estimate of the Expence attending General

and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rowsham, in the Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America,

County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for the Year 1775: And allb,

between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, N° 6. Estimate of the Expence of supporting and Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee-, and for other maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government.

Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of

the Concurrence of this House. situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and

And then the Messengers withdrew.. . Cape Rouge, for the Year 1775.

Together with a List of the said Estimates.'

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And the said Lift was read,

for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers The laid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

' VbL. 35.

ESTIMATE

f Afrilis

A. 1775-

252

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of

Nova Scotia, for the Year 1775.

To an additional Salary to the> Governor -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice - - .

To a Salary to the Attorney General - -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks - - - .

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - -

To an Allowance to the Regider - - / - - - -

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other Contingent Expences attending that Establishment ——

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House and other Contingent Expences attending the Secretary's Office -To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmasters in the different Didridts of the Province -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House, and Public Offices -To the Expences of a Pilot Boat ——

To the Salary of the Agent -

To the Salary of the Treasurer ——

To the Expence of the Orphan House - # -

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Hu (band, ' is left deditute under Age and Infirmity -

To an Allowance for a Magi (Irate in the Island of Breton -

To an Allowance for a Pried to the Micmack Indians, pursuant to a Treaty in 1761, being an Allowance heretofore paid out of the Contingencies, for which no Provision is made in this Estimate ——

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia, for the Maintenance and Support of a Lighthouse near the Entrance of the Harbour of Halifax -To an Allowance upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate -

£. s. d.

500 -

5OO; — — 182, 10 — r 262 10 — 182 10 — r 182 10 — -

321 15 — 96 12 — 52 6 —

440-----

288 15 — 203 I — 200 -

5®-----

384 i 5

IOO-----

IOO — — ’

ICO-----

IOO — —

IOO ---- —

£.4,346 10 5

ESTIMATE of the Civil Edablishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1774 to the 24th of June 1775.

To the Salary of the Governor -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - -

To the Salary of the Secretary ——

To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly - -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit-rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General ——

To the Salary of the Provod Marshal -.- -

To an Allowance for a Minider of the Church of England, and Two Schoolmasters To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot dationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and diffident Hands - - - - -' - -

To an Allowance for Contingent Expences - -

To an Allowance to Mr. Ottolenghe, Superintendant of the late Filature at Savannah, in Consideration of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which is now did continued ——

1,000 ——

500-----

IOO-----

20-----

i5o-----

IOO — -

150-----

IOO-----

116-----

200----

IOO —

£.3,086 — —

ESTIMATE

15 Geo. Ill, 3 0 Apr253

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishriient of His Majesty’s Province of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1774 to toil 24th of June 1775.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ....

To the Salary of the Attorney General

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council

To the Salary of the Register -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - -

To an Allowance for an Assistant

To the Salary of the Agent -

To a Minister at St. Augustine ——

To a Minister at St. Mark9s - -

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 2 j. each To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Pilot established at St Augustine -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

To an Allowance for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians, and other contingent Expences relative to that Service - . - g

£ s- d.

1,200 — —

500----

150----- r

150-----

IOO ---- —

IGO-----

120 — —

30----

200 — —

IOO -

IOO — —

50 - —

IOO — —

SO- —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

ft

£ 4,95°-----

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majestyfs Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1774 to the 24th of June 1775*

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief -

To the Salary of the Chief Justice ——

To the Salary of the Attorney Genetal - - - .

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council - - - - -

To the Salary of a Register. -

To the Surveyor of Lands -

To an Allowance to an Assistant - - ’ - -

To the Salary of the Agent - -: - -

To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola - - - - ‘ -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile' ....

To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, at £. 25. each - - - .

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences ——

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods, for Presents to the Indians To an Allowance to Mr. Romans for his Care and Skill in the Collection of rare and useful Productions in Physic and Botany -

To an Allowance to Engineer Durnford9 in Consideration of his Labour and Expences in making Surveys of several Parts of West Florida,. between the Years 1765 and 1774, by Order of the Governors of that Province -

£. t. I 1,200 — — 500 — — . 150 — —

150----

ioo----

120 — —

30 -

200 — ---

IOO — ~ IOO----

SO----

IOO —

1,000 — — 1,000 — —

50 — —

600 — —

£- SAS° -

aT

V01,. 35.

Salttfh

Charter.

*54

3° Aprilis.

4- 1775-

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, (at

the Year 177.5. ' A

To an Allowapce to a Deputy Surveyor of Lands at Quebec, during the Time the Chief Surveyor is employed in making Surveys in other Parts of the Northern District -To a Deputy Surveyor, at 10s. per Day, and Two Assistant Surveyors, at 7s. per Day each To one Draftsman, at 5*. per Day - *

To an additional Pay of 1 s. S d. per Day to One Serjeant, is. per Day to One Corporal, and 6 d. per Day to Twelve private Men, to assist in such Survey, and to serve as Camp, Colour, and Chain Men," and to make Signals along Shore, and on the Tops of Mountains -To extraordinary Expences for Horses, Guides, -

To Expences ajid Allowances for the Survey of the Southern District -To an Allowance, upon Account, of Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt and upon the Issue of granted upon the Estimate ——

To an AlloWante for defraying; the Expence of making Copies, for the Use of the Public ^Offices,r of &ie "Maps and "Plans returned by the Surveyors, and for preparing them for Publication -

£. s. <L

100----

438----

9X 5 —

*55 —

100-----

700 17 —

200 --- —

100 ---

£. 1,885 4 —

- =SS i I - 1 mSSt

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government ot Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Barbary, and Cape Rouge, for the Year 1775.

To a {Salary to the Governor —

To a'Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary' to the Superintendant of Trade" at James Fort, in the River Gambia -

To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province- -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers -

To an Allowance for a Schoolmaster at Saint Lewis -

To a Salary to the Secretary for Moorish Affairs -

To an ^llowante for Repair of Forts, and other contingent Expences s-

To the,) Expente of an armed Sloop to be employed under the Command of the Governor Tp a]5alary to Agent Tor the Affairs of the Province - - - 7 f '*' ' -

L t. i.

1,200 -

400 -

200 -- —

200 --

200 — - ~ 50----

IOO — —

2,786 — 9f 1,000 — ~

1 ' .200 — —

£; 6,336 — 91

Ordered, Ttyt the said do lie { upon the

Table, to be pepife4i>y< the of the House.;

— the House was moved, That the Inrollment of the last Charter, granted to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall^ which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of March last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Reservation contained in the said Charter, and expressed in these Words, " which Mayor, as well lS ;:

" present as future, fofvNeglect Or Default* or any other u reafohable Cause, We vyilll-, shall be am^veable by Us, <c Our Heirs and §uficessors/\ is unconftkutional, as it tends to restrain the Freedom of Elections, and of Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and establishes a Precedent dangerous to the Commons of Great Britain, and to the public Liberty of the Realm;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Words contained in the said

Charter

IS Geo. III.

3° — 4° — 5°

Charter do not reserve to the Crown any Power of Amotion, except by the Method of a judicial Proceeding in a due course of Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided. .

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j JJr' J'ra"S'W>

'{Mr. Cooper Tellers for the Noes;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

f Lord Folkstone,

*1 Mr. Thomas Tovonjhtnd:

1

127.

46.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis^ 4* Aprilis;

Anno 15* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1775. Prayers.

Clackmannan rTPHE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration Election. X the Petition of "James Francis of Forreji,

Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Colonel Ralph Abercrombie, for the County of Clackmannan, being come j

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And h<j went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 98 Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker . ’> directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question jfirft put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

if 1

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question fiyft pnt, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 die. Aprilis ?

Anno 15° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

ct v — A an T^HE-Hour* appointed for taking into Conficferatibh Ekaion. X the Petition of Erskine, (&\Forrefl,

Esquire, complaining of the undue Election apd Return of Colonel Ralph Abercrom, for the Chuhty biGlack-ntannan, being come; ~:

The House: proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Di* redioos of Two feyetal Acts of Parliament, pafifed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of contro-« verted Elections, or Returns of Members to sense in Parliament. !

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Made to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufinefe of the House. ’

And he went accordingly. 1

And being returned; - < ' *

v The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and S2Q

Members being found to be present;

Yot. 35.

The Petitioner, James Francis , Esquire, and his Counsel and Agents, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, were called in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and leased with Mr Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the'Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, "That the said Box was, on {he 3d Day of " April 1775, made up in his Presence in the Manner " directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the *i Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act to " regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,", was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein* and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names 6f all the Members were by him, in, the Presence of the Speaker,

" put into the said Box on the 3d' Day of 75,"

was read.

And the said Names, written on1 distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six GlaUes, placed, on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together and then the Clerk, publicly drew out of the said Six Glalfe.% alternate y, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Lord Adam Gordon being drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Member declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Member; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his. serving on the said Sded Committee as Rich Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Artd the Name of William Adam, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioner declared, that the said Member was mtehded to be: nominated by the said Petitioner; and 'the said Member having, in his Place, consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name Was set aside.

And. the Names of Thiity^two other Members, then present, were drawn, who Were not objected to: . JVb/e, That, in the Course of drawing the 'laid . Names, the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their having alreadyr. . i in this Session of Parliament served 'on Select Committees; Nine, on Account of their being -Members against whole Returns Petitions weiie depending; Four, on Account of their 'then serving on Select Committees, appointed to and determine the Merits of controverted Elections; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn, and not excused, or set aside; 'being Complete; 1 1

And Two Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Doot of the House was opened;

And one of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel

256 5° dpritis. A 1775.

fcl fof the Petitioned, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, Mr. Erjkitu, with the Counfei and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately with- drew.

The House was moved. That the Entry irt the Votes

Charter* of Monday last, of the Proceedings of the House, relative to the Inrollment of the last Charter granted to the Borough of Saltajhin the County of Cornwall, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly, and are as followeth;

A Motion was made, and the Question being " put. That the Reservation contained in the said Charter, and expressed in these Words (which Mayor, as well present as future, for Neglect or " Default, or any other reasonable Cause, We will, " shall be amoveable by Us, Our Heirs and Successors) is unconstitutional, as it tends to restrain " the Freedom of Elections, and of Returns of Mem-

*bers to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, " and establishes a Precedent dangerous to the Commons of Great Britain, and to the public Liberty of " the Realm j

" It passed in the Negative."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Words contained in the said Charter do not reserve to the Crown any Power of Amotion, except by the Method of a Judicial Proceeding in a due Course of Law;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } .46*

Tellers for the NoesJ^Jj* Mtu/nvartk:}»*

So it passed in the Negative.

Supply. Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-and Menu* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Coal Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday a6th Day of this Instant ,resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ad-measuring Waggons and other Carriages used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of Newcastle and Sun-derland.

Scarborough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Election, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of York, in the room of Sir Hugh Palliser, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

British A Petition of the Trustees of the Mufem, Museum. being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord horth, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends the fane to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of £.$0,000. Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to£. 900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose; upon which Represen-tation, they obtained a Grant of a further Sum of £. 2,000; and, upon like Applications to Parliament, in the 4th, 6th, 8th, 10th, 12th, and 14th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, the said Trustees obtained Grants of the further Sum of £.2,000, each of the said Years, for the same Purpose; which Sums, together with the Produce of the said £. 30,000, are so far (pent, that what remains will not be nearly sufficient to defray the Charges of the next Year; and that it is with Concern that the Trustees apply to Parliament so soon after their last Grant; and they would not have made the Application, if several extraordinary Outgoings and Expences did not render it necessary: And therefore praying the House to grant them such further Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust repoled in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Money granted by Parliament for the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hat*, &c. to explain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Yeas of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Yeas " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " Second, intituled, An Act for the more eneftual " preventing of Frauds and Abuses, committed by " Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, u and in the Woollen, Linen,'Fustian, Cotton, Iron*

" Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-" Prefiers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Knvfo for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosor* Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of in

the County of Worcester; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bengworth for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common I dofure. Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bengworth, in the county of ; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cleeve Prior for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Iaclosure. Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cranford for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Open lwlofore. Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of , in

the County of Northampton; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Doyw’* vesting the - Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Estates late of Robert Doyne, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees in

Trust

15 Geo. III.

*Tract to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances, affecting the said Estates; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill, from the Lords, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Chckaunnan James Francis Erskine, Esquire, the Petitioner, with ®*a*0B* the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioner, alternately struck off One of the Forty -nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts so struck, together with a new.Lift of the Members then remainingunftruck; which last mentioned Lift was read j and is as follows:

Sir George Savile, Baronet, the honourable John Vaughan, Charles Goring, Esquire, Lord John Cavendish, Thomas Halsey, Esquire, William Chafin Grove, Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, the Honourable Booth Grey, James Grenville, Esquire, Thomas George Esquire, Richard

WtlbrahamBootle, Esquire, Edward Bacon, Esquire.

And the Names of Lord Adam Gordon and William Adam Esquire, nominated as aforesaid, being added so the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were aSeleft Committee, appointed to try the Merits of ♦he Petition of James Francis Erskine, of Forrejl, Esquire; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

You, and each of you, shall well and truly " try the Matter of the Petition of James " Francis Erskine, of Forrejl, Esquire, referred " to you; and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God.*'

And then the said Petitioner, James Francis Erskine, Esquire, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Scleft Committee do meet forthwith in the Court of Chancery in Westminster Hall.

Mmgifiey Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Pier Order, a Bill for completing and maintaining the Pier, at the Town of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Paul, Sir Chanes Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Covent to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens,

Garten, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the Parish c of Saint Paul, Covent Gin the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex; and also, another Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers1 of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, were referred} That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Vo u3 j.

257

Clerk’s Table i Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Lane, being examined, laid, That the Poor of the Parish of Saint. Paul, Covent Garden, are very numerous, and are supported and maintained at a great Expence, and that the present Workhouse is too small for their Reception; and that if the Petitioners were empowered to hire or purchase a Piece of Ground to build a more convenient Workhouse thereon, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor of the said Parish, under proper Regulations, the Poor would be much better managed and supported, and would also be maintained at a less Expence than they are at present.

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Lane informed your Committee,

That the Church-yard of the said Parish hath, from the Increase of the Inhabitants, and the Burials there, been found too small for the Interment of the Dead; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if Part of the Ground, so to be hired or purchased for building a Workhouse upon, was permitted to be used and applied to the Purposes of a Burial Ground.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul,

Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and the

Earl of Upper Offory do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Colonel Livingston reported from the Committee, to Argyll whom the Bill for repairing the Highways and Bridges, *c

in the County of Argyll, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fatrte to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish an Agree- Adleftrop ment and Award, for dividing and inclosing the Com- laclosure. mon Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adleftrop, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement and Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adleftrop, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open Pewfey and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Com- hiclosure. mon Downs, called Southcott Down, Kepnell Dozen,

Work Down, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts, was read &

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

3 U Mr.

258

A.

f773

TJ?nt *nd Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom CanaZ the Bill to amend and render more effectual Two ACb, passed in the 6th and loth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River , at or near Wilden , in the County of Derby, to the River , at or

near Runcorn Gap, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Broad well. The Lord Wenman reported from the Committee,

Iadofore. to w^om for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlet or Tything of Broadwell and Filkins, in the Mapor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell St. John, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the JJill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diretied him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severalLy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Tadmarton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Field and Comrnonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts of Tadmarton and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wenman, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sled mire Sir George §avile reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of in the East Riding

of the County of York, was committed; That thje Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of t,he House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

16

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, , btf ingrossed.

1 . *

The Lord Stanley reported fropi the Committee, to Manchester wjiom the Petition of Jofteph Younger and George Matt Theatre. tucks, and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants o& or residing near, the Town of Mqnchejlerfin the County Palatine of Lancaster, were referred; That the Committee

had examined the Matter of the firH-pnentioned Petition, and had considered the last mentioned Petition, no Evidence having been produced in Support qr the second-mentioned Petition; and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the {amp was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Samuel Cooper being examined, said, Thai Manchester is a large and populous Town; that a.great many Persons of considerable Property reside therf, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, who are defirOus bf having a Theatre established in the fejd Towp under proper Regulations.

The Witness also said, That Meffieufs Younger and Mattocks have entered into an Agreement so,r the Lease of a Building in Manchester, very conveniently situatqd for Theatrical Representations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of" Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And that the Lord Stanley and Sir Thomas Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom Parker’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for Estate. effecting an Exchange between John Parker and Montagu Edmund Parker, Esquires, of Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the C.ommittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House,

.without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr, Skipwith presented to the House, according to Weottca Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Wawen, Commop Fields, Common Meadows* and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Woottcn Wawen, otherwise Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,' That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton presented to the House, ac- paibo.ura^ cording to Order, a Bill for taking down the Church Church, of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge; and for the better repairing and keeping in.

Repair the Church of Saint Vigors, in the said Town:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Common Gaol Hertford of the County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaot

Gaol

259

i5 Geo. III. g Aprilis.

Gaol in a more commodious Situation, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting the Borough of Saint Albans from the Payment of Money for the Purposes of t he Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a more commodious Situation.

Ordered, That Mr. Halsey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House divided,.; ,

The Yeas, went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas;^^^ i92.

{The Marquis of Granby, T , Mr. Alderman Saw- > 46. bridge i J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the Title be. An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of Jersey, PenfU-vania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British IfEnds in th under certain Conditions and Limitations.; j

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their. Concurrence.

Mary-ie-kone Mr. Mack worth reported from the Committee, to Poor. whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Pobr, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for building, a Work-house in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and'that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirftted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Woollen Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Manufacture. ref0ive Jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Manufacturer? in the Woollen Trade, in the Town of Witnessin -

Jliire.

Long Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com* *c?lndofure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing

the Open Fields and Commonable Places ington and Bafcote, in the County of Warwick fit cum* mitted.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have; Office* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Em- *nd ployments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Or EroP°ymentt others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporation?, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped, according to Law, or, having beer* stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to g've further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Atfornies and Solicitors: was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dd pass t And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify fogh Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves-foj Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who bavtf omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by LaWySod for giving further Time for those Purposos; and to indemnify Members f and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, wfiofe Adnfofions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped; have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide , Admiflfons duly stamped; and to^give further Time to such -Persons as have omitted to rnakd and file Affidavits.of thaiExsecutioft of Indenture* of Clerk?; taAttoihies *nd. Solicitors.. I; .

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do cstrry; the Bill to the LUfdfoarid difire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more effectual, Desertion *n His Majesty’s Dominions in America-, an Act, faffed in (America) this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;and for the better " Payment of the Army and thei# Quarters,*' was read: the Third Time-. - - . 1 *'» , J'

*' Resolved, That the Bill do-’pass; And tfiat lfife Title

be, An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act/ passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better " Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and for u extending the Provisions of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in ."

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

.. >: 1

An ingrossed Bill.for appotnting.Comtndffioners', for Land Tax.

of this Sessioo-of Patfianaent, intituledi; "rtAhiAft for gsanting m Aidi to His Ma*

V jftftyi ibjr Lj«»d Tax.tobe raised iw " . soft -Service. . pT. the Year Oria thousand Seven

35*1; §«Yeuty-&ye>Ml was vead the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title bf, An Act fora^p^tmgjCbmmiflKkners, for.putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-five."

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

New Jersey An ingrossed Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce Refttidiion of the Colonies of New Jersey, Pensilvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, and the British Islands in the West , under certain Conditions and Limitations, was read the Third Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

Vol. 35.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Administer* cording to Order, a Bill to impower Justices of the ing Oath by Peace to administer Oaths, where any Penalty is to be J "dices, levied, or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament wherein the same is not expressly directed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

a6o

5* — 6°

A- im

Watt’* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to atent* whom the Bill for vesting in James Watt, Engineer*his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

William*

Debt to Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to j tie Crown, resolve itself into a Committed of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty, from William Williams, deceased, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Owen took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Owen reported from the Committee,-That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Airy’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N,t* for naturalizing John Peter was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Aceonataat Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, y >«/>rtini.inw, upon the Bill for veiling Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and Tor the Register of the said Court, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chur of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Norther* George the Second, intituled, "An Act for giving a J!*®1*

" public Reward to such Person or Persons, his D co, rerT* Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a " North West Passage through s Straights, to

" the Western and Southern Ocean of might

be read.

And the same being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a Reward to such Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 6* die Aprilis;

Anno 15* Georgii III*" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

A Motion being made, That' the ingrossed Bill from Rowfla* the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands and Heredita- Pfjf* ments, in the Parish of Rowsham, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the raid Bill be laid aside.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rowsham, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway,

Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Howard and the Lord Wenman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant Army Extras, to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Services incurred, and paid, by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 22d of April 1774 and the 8th of March 1775, and not pror vided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; .

15 Geo. III. 1 JpriltS. ' 461

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services, incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 2id of April i 774 and the 8th of March 1775, and not provided for by Parliaments . \

Dates of Warrants.

____________*

1774. Sept. 21 ft.

1775. F23 d.

*774- 7«ne 23d* Dec. 20th.

\ June 3d.

20th. June 3d.

Dec. 20th. 25th.

9th. Nov. 29 th. 1775. 3W*. 23d.

1774. 5th.

22d. 7##* 16th.

July 2d.

14th. dug1 5th. 061. 20th.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Major General,

Robert Boyd, Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, for *

public Services there - - - - 1,250 10 4

To D° drawn by D°, for D* Services there - 1,021 — 3

To Bills of Exch. drawn by William Ley borne,

Esquire, for public Services - - - 3,800-----

To D° drawn by D% for D° Services - - 10,050----

To Bills of Exch. drawn by H. T. CramalU,

Esquire, for public Services - - - 9,996 15 8

To D° drawn by D% for D° Services - 4*603 4 4

To Bills of Exch. drawn by Sir William Young, Baronet, for public Services - -

To Bills of Exch. drawn by William Stuart, Esquire, for public Services -

To Bills of Exch. drawn by Sir Basil Keith, for public Services To Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and inverted in the purchasing Spanijk and Portugal Coins, for the Use of the Forces in North America - 17,500 — —

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in DV - - 10,000 — —

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - - 11,500----

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - - 51,500 — —

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for victualling the Forces in the Garrison$ of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of October and 24th of December 1773 - - - - - 1,648 3 —

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of September and the 24th of December 1773 , - - - 1,685 4 i

To D°, for Provisions deposited in Store at Fort Gage, in the Illinois Country, between the 25th of February and the 24th of August 1773 - - 72a 10 8

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massachuset's Bay, between the 25th of Dec. 1773, and 24th of March 177 4 - - - - 2,248 13 3

To D°, for victualling the Forces within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25 th of December 1773 and the 23d of February 1774 1,649 8 6

To D°, for Provisions delivered from the Maga- \

zines at Montreal, between the 8th of October 1773 and the 8th of April 1774 - - - 2,796 3 9

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 25th of Dec. 1773 and 24th of Marr 1774 - - 7 492 13 5

To D°, for Provisions deposited in Store in the Illinois Country, between 1 Sept. and 20th December - - - - 1,061,. 10 8

To D°, for victualling the ' Forces within the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal,*between 24th February and 24th April 1774 - ( - - 2,737 io 8

To D% for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New York, New Jersey, and Massackufet's Bay, between the 25th of March and the 24th of May 1774 - - 1,288 7 2

ix

t * *

2,271 10 7

13,850-----

14,606 — —

4*472 x9 , 6

1,601 — 4 1,201 7 8 i

90,500 —

T#

3J(.

A- 'US'

262

Dates of Warrants*

6° Aprilis.

OS. 2othk

Nob. atft. Dec. 15th. 1774. Dec. 15th.

1775. Jan 3d.

Fd>J 1 x th.

1774. Aug 14th.

1775. March 3d.

1

1774. Aug 14th.

May 5 th.

June 25th, OQ. 20th. 24th.

1775. Feb. ilth; 1774. June 25th.

26th.

08. 24th.

Nov. 26th.

Apr. 30th.

To Arnold Nesbit, Adam , and Moses

Franks, Esquires, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New Fork, New Jersey, and Massachuset's Bay, between the 23th of May and the 24th of June 1774 -To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 23th of April and the 24th of 774 -To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between the 23th of March and 24th May 1774 -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 23th June and 24th August 1774 -

To D", for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between the 9th of April and the 13th of September 1774 -To D#, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Quebec, and shipped on board Tran Imports for the Forces at -

To D°, by way of Advance, but upon Account^ in Consideration of the Number of Troops now stationed at Boston -

To D°, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of New Fork, New Jersey, and Massachuset's Bay, between the 23th of June and 24th September

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of August and the 24th of October 1774 To D°,' for victualling the Forces in the Province of Pensylvania, between 23th May and 14th Sept.

' m 1774 , ‘ . " " . - . 1

To D°, for Provisions deposited in Store in the Illinois Country, between 21st Dec. 1773 and 7th Augustx774 -

To the Executors of Robert Jones, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces in Nova Scotia, between the 18th of 1773 and the ill

of May 1774 To D®, for victualling the Troops and Train of Artillery in Newfoundland, between the 29th of Sept. 1773 and the 6th of March 1774 -To John Stevenson, Esquire, for victualling Part of the Forces in D®, by way of Advance, and qpon Account -

To Richard Vernon Sadleir, Esquire, for Provisions issued at Halifax in Nova Scotia, between the 18th of October 1773 and the 6th of February 1774 -

To D®, for Provisions issued at D®, between the 7th of February and the 3d of April 1774 To D®, for Provisions issued at D®, between the 4th of April and 26th June 1774 -To D°, for Provisions issued at D®, between the 27th of June and 21st of August 1774 To L)®, for Provisions issued at D°, between the 22d of August and 1 ith of December 1774 To Edward Codrington, Esquire, by way of further Advance, for Provisions furnished by him for the Use of the Forces in PVeJt Florida To D®, for Provisions issued the Forces at Pensa-cola,i*fc. between 25th of October and 24 of December 1773 - - 1 - -

To D®, for Provisions issued to the Forces at D®, between the 23th of December 1773 and 24th April 1774 -

To D®, for 92 Barrels of Pork, condemned at Pensacola, as unfit for Use, and for the Hire of a Store - -

To Witter Cuming and Render Mason, Esquires, for victualling the Forces at Saint , be-

tween the 25 th of August and 24th of December

817 — 4

1 >757 x3 1

304 8 10

1,302 18 9

1,929 7 8

4,194 6 2

3,600----

5*713 12 3

1,298 13 8

300 13 7

667 12 2

1,037 8 9

1*085 3 6

3.000 — —

1,639 H 7

398 10 — 1,223 6

490 3 6

88 5----

2.000 — — *>x4.5 \S 5 2*497 16 5

460 r6 8

177-3»

15 Geo. IIL 6* Apritis.

Dates of Warrants.

1773, and for Provisions issued to the Out Pods, between the 25 th of June and the 20th of December 1773; and for condemned Provisions, between the ift of September and the ,20th of December 1773 - -

1774. July 14th. To Witter Cuming and Render Mason, Esquires*

for victualling the Forces at St. Augujiine, between the 25th of December 1773 and the 24th of April 1774

Off. 24th, To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 25th of April and the 24th of June 1774 -Dec. 15th. To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between

the 2Jth of June and the 24th of August 1774 -23d. To D% for Provisions issued to the Out Ports dependent on the Garrison of Saint Augujiine, between the 2jth of June and 20th of Sept. 1774; and for Provisions condemned, between the 21 ft of December 1773 and the ift of Sep-tem. 1774 - -

1775. Feb. 1 ith. To D°, for victualling the Forces at Saint Augujiine,

between the 25th of August and 24th of October 1774

1 61,696 9 —

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered 'to Thirteen Battalions of Foot in North America,

Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland\ &c. apply the Sum voted upon Estimate 1774, for that Service - 58 19 4

Also the Sums flopped for Pfo-visions delivered to: the said Battalions* between the 25th of June 1773 and the 24th of

June 1774 - - - - 12,927 3 44

--------2^6,886 2 9

j - 1

X774. Aug. 5. To John Durandy Esquire, for Provisions Ihdpped and deposited in Store in the Islands of DominicaFob ago and Saint Vincent, and for Provisions condemned and issued in Grenada 10,984 14 11 Off. 20th. To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Island of Grenada; for Provisions shipped to, and deposited in Store in, the Island of Saint Vincent and also, for Provisions shipped to the Islands of Fobago and Dominica - - - 8,613 8 11

1775, Feb. 1 ith. To D°, for Provisions shipped to the Islands of Saint Vincent, Fob ago, and Dominica, and for Provisions issued within the Island of Grenada, between the 30th of June and the 30th of Sep-- tember 1774 ---- 7>394 7 9

Mar. 3d. To D°, for Provisions shipped to the Island of Dominica, and for Provisions put in Stbrekarid condemned in the Island of Grenada - - 940 3 3

.2,oii 8. 2

93° 19 11 672 8 j

564 9 8

910 12 2 503 it 8

£.27,932 14 IQ

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments in the Ceded Islands, apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 17745 for that Service - - - 13,4.77 12 6

1774. Aug 14th.

Nov, 21 ft.

1775, Mar. 3d*

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, for victualling the Forces at Senegal^ for Agents Salary at James Fort, Gambia, and for Sundries supplied the Hospital and Sick at Senegal, between the 26th of January and the 20th of May 1774 - -

To D*, for victualling the Forces at Gambia, between 25th of June 1773 and 24th of June i 774'; for victualling the Forces at Senegalj for Sun* dries supplied to the Hospital and Sick, and for Agents Salary, between the 21st of May and the 31st of July 1774 -To D°, for victualling the Forces at Gambia, between the 25th of June and the 10th of August 1774, and for victualling the Forces at Senegal,

1,54611 9

*>139 7 5

34,810 6 24

14.455 4 4

Vol. 35

between

o6 4

Dates of Warrants.

6° Apri

1774. May 5th.

22(1. Jte 25th.

7«/y 14th. Sept. 9th. 051. 20th.

24th. Dec. 15th.

23d.

1775. Feb. nth. -Mtt. 8th.

1,856 9 3 5.736 8 5

2,321 14 i°t

between the lftfcf and 31st of December 1774 -

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Corps in Africa, apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1774, for that Service -

To Zachary Philip Fortnereau, Esquire, and Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, for victualling the Forces at the Garrison of Gibraltar, between the 27th of December 1773 and 23d of January

1774 - - - - *

To D% for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 24th January and 20th February 1774 To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 21st of February and the 17 th of April 1774 - -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 18th of April and the 15th of May 1774 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 16th of Majand the 12th of June 1774 To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 13th of June and the 10th of July 1774 To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the nth of July and the 7th of August 1774 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces in D°, between the 8th of August and the 4th of September 1774 To D°, for Insurance on Provisions issued at D°, between the 6th of Sept. 1773 and the 4th of Sept. 1774, inclusive -To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 5th of Sept, and the 2d of October 1774 -

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 3d of October and the 27th of Nov.

1774 ....

To D°, for victualling the Forces at D°, between the 28 th of Nov, and the 2Cth of December 1774 -

2,307 19 5

2,302 5 1

4-983 13 9

2,479 14 6

2,484 9 3

2,472 14 3t

2,482 H 5

2,466 3 10

472 4 11

2,483 16 8

4»944 17 —

P 4^ CO O 16 4

St

32>361 9

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments at Gibraltar, apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1774, for that Service 24,307 17 34.

1774. Dec. 23d.

1775. JanJ 30th.

1774. May 5th.

June 16th. 051. 26th. Dec. 15th.

May 2 2d. June 25th.

To the Right honourable Thomas Harley, for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca - 4>3°° — "

To D°, for Provisions sent by him for the Supply of

D° Garrison - - - . - - - 4,300-----

To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Me of Man, between-the 29tn of September and the 28th of Dec. 1773 -

To D°, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Me of Man, between the 29th of December 1773 and the 8th of April 1774 - -

To D°, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D°, between the 9th of April and the 13th of July 1774 -

To D% for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D°, between the 14th of July and the 30th of September 1774

To Anthony Bacon and Lewis Chauvet, Esquires, for 52 Negroes in the Mand of Grenada, and 79Negroes in the Mand of Dominica, furnished, employed, supplied, and victualled, by them, between the ift of October and 31st December 1773, for public Service -To 1)°, for 107 Negroes in the Mand of Saint Vincent, from ift 051. to 31st Dec» 1773; for 39 Negroes in the Mand of Tobago, between 30th June and ift of October 17735 14 *

242 2 4

3°4 13 1 248 14 2 205 8 4

845 8 6

A. 1775.

3»4l4 *3

8,053 13 a

8,600 — —

1,000 17 u And

*1*

i 5 Geo. lit

Dates of Warrants.

6a Aprilis.

and for 39 Negroes in the said Island of between 30th S 1773 and ift of January *774> for public Service -To Anthony Bacon and Lewis Chauvet, Esquires, for 52 Negroes in the Island of Grenada\ between *the i ft of "January and the 31st of March 1774, and for 77 Negroes in the Island of Dominica for the same Time, for public Service -

T° D°, for 121 Negroes in the Island of Stint Vincenty between the ift of January and 31st of Mar, 1774, for public Service -Aug* 5th. To D°, by way of further Advance, for furnishing Negroes for the Ceded Islands Nov. nth. To D°, for 34 Negroes in the Island ’of Tobago, from the ift of January to the 31st of March 1774, for 35 Negroes in D°, from ift of April to ift of July 1774, for 73 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, for 121 Negroes in Saint Vincent, for 54 Negroes in Grenada, from the ift of April to the 30th of June 1774, for public Service - -

*775* JaHt 30th* To D°, for 69 Negroes in Dominica, 52 Negroes in Grenada, and 119 Negroes in Saint Vincent, who have been supplied and vi&ualled by them, from the ift of July to the 30th of Sept, 1774, including Travelling Charges -

1774* July 14th*

1,179 4 8

807 14, 9

743 —

11

4,000 — - —

2,155 l7 6

541 3

1774. May 18th. To MefTrs. Ro/s and Gray, for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the encreased Price of Bread to the 3d, 19th, and 21st Regiments of Foot, stationed in the Barracks of Chatham, Plymouth, and

1775. Feb. 24th*

1774. Sept. 9th.

27th.

1775. Jan? 16th. 1774, July 8th.

1775- Jan> 28th.

1774. Juh 8 th.

1775. Jan. 2d,

1774. July 25th.

1775. Jany 2d.

1774- 7uly 25th-

Vo 1.3$.

Edinburgh Castle To D% for' His Majesty’s Allowance of D°, to the 3d and 21st Regiments of Foot, stationed at Plymouth Barracks To James Meyrick, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Allowance of D°, to the 33d, 66th, and 68th Regiments of Foot, stationed in the Garrisonsof Plymouth, Tinmouth, and Edinburgh Castle To MefTrs. Coat and Mair, for His Majesty’s Allowance of D% to the 36th Regiment of Foot, and a Detachment of the 14th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Chatham Barracks To Lord Adam Gordon, for His Majesty’s Allowance of D°, to the 66th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Edinburgh Castle -

394 17 7

473 7 10

456 8 7

368

176 3 9

- To Edmund Armstrong, Esquire, to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 8th and 3ad Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from the 25th of Dec. 1773 to the 24th of June

\ 1774 - " " - . "

To D°, to reimburse the D° of D* Regiments, from 25th June, to 24th December 1774, and for the Allowance of Bread to the 32d Regiment, for Six Months to D®

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th of Dec. 1773 to 24th of June 1774 - - " ";

To D°, to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments, from 25th of June to 24th of December 1774 -

To MefTrs. Ross and Gray, to reimburse the D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 23th of Dec. 1773 to the 24th of June 1774 - " . ~ "

To D*, to reimburse the D°of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 25th of June to the 24th of December 1774 ~ "

To MefTrs. Adair and Bullock, to reimburse the D of sundry Regiments the Stoppages made for D°, from the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th of June 177^ - - ~

3 Y

113 — 4

343 5 10

566 2 8

5°9 11

679

6 79

2 11

2 11

170 1 —

265

113272 9 tS

i,868 19 ii

To

266

6‘ Apri

A. 1775.

Dates of Warrants.

1775. Jan. 28th.

1774. Aug 24th, 17 75. Feb. 24th.

1774. 24th.

1775. 28th.

1774. 24th.

To Alexander Adah') Esquire, to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 4th, 25th, and 47th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th June to 24th December 1774 -

To William Cowden, Esquire, to reimburse the D° of the 29th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, and for the Allowance of Bread to the said Regiment, from the 25th' of Dec. 1773 to the 24th of June 1774 -

To Major General Evelyn to reimburse the D° of D° Regiment, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 25th of June to the 24th of Dec. 1774, and for the Allowance of Bread to the said Regiment on Duty at Chatham Barracks To Adam Wood, Esquire, to reimburse the D° of the 31st Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 23th of December 1773 to the 24th of June 1774, and for the Allowance of Bread for the said Regiment, from the 24th of May to the 29th of June 1774 To D°, to reimburse the D° of D° Regiment, the Stoppages made for D°, and for the Allowance of Bread, to 24th Dec, 1774 To John Winter, Esquire, to reimburse the D° of the 2d, nth, and 30th Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th of Dec. 1773 to 24th June 1774, and for the Allowance or Bread to the 1 ith Regiment of Foot, between the jth of May and 30th of June, and to the 30th Regiment of Foot, between 27th December 1773 and 27th of May 1774 -

To D°, to reimburse the D° of D° Regiments, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th June to 24th Dec. 1774, and for the Allowance of Bread to the 11th Regiment of Foot, between the 1 ft of July and 31st Dec. 1774 -To James Fitter, Esquire, to reimburse the D° of the 67th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 25th of December 1773 to 24th of June 1774 -To Colonel Edward Maxwell to reimburse the D° of D° Regiment, the Stoppages made for D°,

- from 2 jth of June to 24th of December 1774 -To Messieurs John and George Hejfe to reimburse the D* of the 37th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 25th of Dec.

17 73 to the 4th of June 1774 -

To Messieurs Cox and Mair to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for Surgeons and Paymasters Allowances, from 2jth Dec. 1773 to 24th June 1774 To Edward Bishopp, Esquire, to reimburse the D° of the jth Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from the 2 jth of June to the 14th of Dec. 1774 - .

1774. May 18th. To Lieutenant General Elliott for Extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Neqeflaries for the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Dragoons for the Year 1773 -June 8th. To Sir John Mordaunt for Grass Money for his Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1773 -

To General Cholmondeley for D° for his Regiment of D° in the Summer 1774 -To the Earl of Pembroke for D° for his Regiment of D* in the Summer 1774 -To Lieutenant General Carpenter for D°, for his Regiment of D° in the Summer 1774 _

To Sir John Mordaunt for D°, for his Regiment of D* in the Summer 1774 , s

H "

1775* Jan. 16th.

1774. Sept. 9th.

1775. Feb. 24th. 1774. Sept. 9th.

27th.

1773. Feb. 1 jth.

Nov. ioth,

170 1 —

243 7 IOTT

271 H 7t

106 2 II

312 3 *

497 3 8

3S0 io 4 108 1 —

57 — 6

48 6 n

792 3 3

57 - 8

6,103 *4 —

300-----

126 5 —

302 2 6

126 5 —

126 5 ~

126 5 —

To

Googh

15 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

6° ApriliL

1774. Nov23d.

Dec 16th.

1775. Jan. 16th.

Feb. 15 th. 24th.

1774. July8 th.

Jug* 24th.

1775. Jan. 28th.

1774. Nov. 30th.

1775- 7an> 16th.

27 th. Feb. 23d.

A

1774. Nov. 23d. May 18th. July 4th.

Jug* 24th.

1775. Jan. 28th.

Feb. 6th.

267

To Lieutenant General Elliott for Grass Money for his Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1774 - . - -

To Lord Robert Manners for D®, for his Regiment of Dragoon Guards in the Sutnmer 1774 To Sir George Howard for D®, for his Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1774 -To Major General Burgoyne for D®, for his Regiment of D® in the Summer 1774 -To the Earl of Panmure for D°, for his Regiment of D° in the Summer 1774 -To Major General Fitzroy, for D®, for his Regiment of D® in the Summer 1774 -To Major General Burgoyne for Extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Necessaries for the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of his Regiment of Dragoon* for the Year 1774 -

T© General Moyfton for Grass Money for his Regiment of Dragoon Guards in the Summer 1774 - -

To the Marquis of Lothian for his Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1774 -

To Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, to enable him to satisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon him for Pay of divers Surgeons and Surgeons Mates in the Ceded Islands, is-To D®, as D® for Pay of D® in D®

To D®, as D® for Pay of D® in D®

To Messieurs Humphrey, Gardiner, and

James Kempt, for Necessaries furnished to the Forces in North Britain, for the Year 1774 To the Duke of Argyll, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him on divers Occasions for the Good of the Service in North Britain -To Lieutenant Col. James Majlerton for Loss sustained by furnishing Oatmeal to the Troops in North Britain, between the ift of January 1769 and the 31st of December 1773, owing to the uncommon advanced Price To John Campbell, Esquire, Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland, for a Bill of Exchange, drawn by him for furnishing Specie to the Troops there, from the 25th of December 1773 to the 25th of December 1774 -

169 6 —

150 19 3

*65

2 —

495 l —

176 13 9

i52

12

3 60-----

459 18 6

126

5 —

1.000 -

59 5 —

1.000 -

2,259 4 "

300----

- 3>479 4 —

100

To John Powell, Esquire, for His Majesty’s Proportion of Coals landed and received at Gibraltar, between the 6th of Sept. and the 2d of O£lo. 1774, for the Use of the Garrison there To William Stukeley, in full for the like Sum expended by him in

providing and repairing Utensils for furnishing Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Portsmouth To Andrew Clintoft, Esquire, in full for the like Sum expended, by him in providing' Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth and Nicholas island, from ,25th December 1773 to 24th June 1774 - - - 403 14 9

To D®, to enable him: to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock - 500 — - —

To D®, in full of the like Sum expended by him in providing and repairing divers Utensils, i£c. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th of Dec. 1773 to 24th of December

1774 - - - T - . ‘ ‘47 17 7

To D®, in full of the like Sum expended by him in providing Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, 'for the Use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth and Saint Nicholas island, from the 25th of June to the 24th of Dece*774 - 66 1 6

O’,

3°3 ‘6 3

>°59> 5 "

6,138 8 n

1,219 9 3

124 10 1

1,117 ‘3 10

ol. 35-

To

2(58

Dates of Warrants. 1774. ‘July 8 th.

1774. Apr. 26th. June 29th.

Apr. 26th.

03. 17th. Apr. 18 th.

Dec.2d. Atr. 26th.

28th. May 4th.

6th.

Sept. 9th.

6°Aprilis.

1775'

To Lieutenant Generals Colville and for

deficient Off-reckonings of the 69th and 70th Regiments of Foot, from 5th July 1771 to 6th July 1772 - -

To Sir Charles Montagu for D®, of the 2d Regiment of Foot, from the 6th of May 1771 to the 5th of May 1772 -

To the Duke of Argyll for D*» of the ift Battalion of the 1 ft Regiment of Foot, from 6th of July 1771 to 5th July 1772 -To James Fitter, Esquire, for D®, of the 67th Regiment of Foot, from the 6th of July 1771 to the 5th of July 1772 -

107 — 10 42 19 —

53 10 5

53 10 5

To Lieutenant General Hodgson, Earl Percy, Lord Blaney, and Lieutenant General Cary, for Bas Horses, for their Regiments of Foot ordered to North America -

To D®, for Baggage Horses for D® Regiments ordered to D®

To D®, for 100 D® Forage for D® Regiments ordered to D® -To Lord Blaney in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 38 Regiment of Foot - 196 29

To Earl Percy for D® for the 5 th Regiment of

Foot ----- 196 2 9

To Lieutenant General Hodgson for D® for the

4th Regiment of Foot - - - - 196 29

To Lieutenant General Cary for D® for the 43d

Regiment of Foot - - - 196 29

To David Roberts, Esquire, on Account of Subsistence for Drafts and Recruits tent from England and Ireland to recruit the Forces at Bofion, in North America, pursuant to the Secretary at War’s Letter of the 30th of January 1775 -

To Sir James Adolphus Oughlon for Losses sustained by a Detachment of the 31st Regiment of Foot shipwrecked on the Bar of Saint Augit/Hne, in East Florida, on the 3d of December 1768 ----- no 6 9

*To-Adam Wood, Esquire, to be paid over to sundry Officers for Losses sustained by them on the Bar of D®, in D®, on the said Day - - 65 15 —

To Sir James Adolphus Oughlon to replace the Value of sundry Accoutrements of the 3 ift Regiment of Foot, loft by an unavoidable Accident on an Expedition against the Carib Indians, in November 1772 - 108 — 6

To D®, to replace Accoutrements of D® Regiment, rendered unserviceable in the Year 1772 91 13 3

To Captain Andrew Frazer -for 177 Days'Allowance, as Commissary for inspecting the Cunette Forts and Batteries at Dunkirk, from the nth of 03. 1773 to the 5th of April

*57

— 8

440

7*5

890

1774 - - -To D®, for 188' Days D®, as D®, from the 6th of 265 10 —

Apr. 1774 to the 10th of 03ober following ' -To Messieurs Ross and Gray for the Pay of Nine Suigeons Mates of the 1 ft Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Jamaica, from the 25th of December 1772 to the 24th of De- 282

cember 1773 ---- To Col. Baugh for 309 Days Pay as Aidde Camp to His Majesty, from the 6th of August 1772 553 4 *

to the 10th of June 1773 - -To the Duke of Richmond in Lieu of his Half-Pay as Colonel of the late 72d Regiment of Foot, from 25th of December 1772 to 24th 169 OS

December 1773 ---- To Lieutenant Col. Saint Ltger, for 183 Days Pay as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from the 25th of June to the 24th of December 1773 ---- To D®, for 182 Days D® as D®, from 25th Dec. 213 10 6

178 8 6

,1773 to 24th June 1774 - *> *77 9

784 it

4°o — -4

M *5 $

To

6° Aprilis,

15 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1775. Feb. 24th.

1774. July8th.

Sept. 27th.

9 th.

Nov. loth.

1775. Ja 4th.

16th.

2Sth.

To Lieutenant Col. Saint Leger for 18j — Days

Pay as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1774 - - 178 8 6

To Major Generals Evelyn, Preston, and Howe, in Consideration of their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces during the Year

774 -: - " . - 2,737 10 "

To Messieurs Cox and Mair for she Pay of Nine Surgeons Mates to the 50th Regiment of Foot,

from 25th June 1773 to 24th of December following, and One Surgeons Mate from the 28th of May to the 24th of June 1773 - - 283 3 4

To D°, for 182 Days Pay of Nine D® to D® Regiment Rationed in the Island of from the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th of June

1774,' .....277 — 8

To Major General Bradstreet for 365 Days Pay as Deputy Quarter Master General in North America, from the 25th of December 1772 to the - .

24th of December 1773 - - - - 182 10 —

To Major General Haldimand for 106 Days Pay

as Major General in North' America, with One Aid de Camp, from the 10th of Sept, to the 24th of December 1773 - - - - 263 — . —

To Lieutenant General Harvey for 365 Days ad- -ditional Pay as Adjutant General, from 25th Dec. 1773 to 24th December 1774 - - - 1,095 — "

To Col. Morrison for 365 Days Pay of his Two

Assistants as Quarter Master General,: from D® to D* - - - - . - 182 10 —

To Robert Adair, Esquire,- for 365' Days Pay as

Inspector General of the Hospitals, from D® to 1

.....- - 547 to —

To John Rowell and George John Cooke, Esquires, for the Pay of the Supernumerary Officers of the Invalids, from D° to D° - - - 2,282 18 3

To Major Hayman Rooke for 365 Days Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, from D® to D® - - - - . - 273 15 —

To George Munro, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as

Commissary of Stores in North Britain, from D° to D° - - - -» ' - 182 to —

To Molineaux Shuldham, Esquire, as Governor of Newfoundland, for 365 Days Pay, from D® to

D* - - 547 10 —

To Lieutenant Col. Birch for 365 Days Al- — lowance in Lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from D° to D° - - - 182 17 6

To J. Campbell, Esquire, for his Allowance as

Superintendant and Inspector of Indian Affairs, from the 2d of July 1773 to the 2d of October 1774 . , " ’ 375 -

1774. May 6 th. To Lieutenant Colonel Saint Leger for his contin-

gent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from the '25th of 1773 to the 24th of December following - - - 135 8 7

Sept. 9th. To D®, for his contingent Expences as D®, from the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th of June 1774 - - - - 147 i* 6

1775. Feb. 24th. To D®, for his contingent Expences as D°, from the 25th of June to the 24th of Dec. 1774 - 112

1774. June 16 th. To John Blackburn, Merchant, for victualling and maintaining Four Vessels, employed on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, -and , in North America, from the 10th of Nov. 1773 to tire 10th of May 1774 - - - - 1,600 ——

1,775. Jan. 23d. To D°, for’victual ling and maintaining D®, on D®

Lakes, from the 10th of May to the 10th of

Nov. 1774 - - - - - 1,600 -- —

1774. June23d. To Anth. Bacon, Esquire, in full Satisfaction

and Discharge of a Balance due to him on his Account, as Contractor foe Victualling the / VOL. 35. 3Z

269

11,532 tt 7*

Carrifon

vfo

Dates of Warrants.

1774. Jun 23d.

Sept. 2 x ft. June 28th.

July 4

1775* Jon. 16th.

1774. July8th.:

Nov 10th.

July 8th. '

22d. |

1

Aug 3d. \

1

24th.

Sept. 9th.

1775. Feb. 24th.1

1774. Sept. 9th.

Nov. 7th.

25th.j Dec. 13 th 4

20th.

6° Aprilis. A. 1775.

Garrison of Fort Bouts, in the Province of Setfe-gambia, in Africa, from the 29th of May 176.6

to the 14th of August 1767 - .1,143 16 7

To Alexander Skinner, Deputy Commissary General of Stores and Provisions in East Florida, for Cooperage, and other necessary Expences, incurred for Provisions, put in Store under his Care for the Use of the Forces stationed there - . 66 13 4

To D°, as D*, for D°, for the Use of the Forces at

D° - - - 68 3 5

To Lieutenant General Keppel in full Satisfaction and Discharge of a Balance due to him on his Account, of Money issued to the Staff Officers, and for sundry contingent Expences of the Forces at the Havanna, between the 25th of: Dec~. 17.62 und-the 20th of August 1763 - - 2,042 15 1*

To Col. Morrison' for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, from 25th Dec.

1773 to 24th June 1774 - - - - 302 10 - —

To D% for his D° as D", from 25th Juneto 24th.

Dec. 1774 - - - 300 10 — r

To John Trotter, Esquire, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing Hospital Bedding, i£c. for the -Forces in North America . r- - - - - 752 7 1

To D*, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him for D°, for the 'Forces at Pen-

facola - - - - 130 1 — -

To John Ellis, Esquire, for, the Purchase and keeping. up -of a Schooner for the Service of the Province of West Florida, from the lft of January 1774 to ill January 1775 - 313----

To Thomas'Gray for the Detention of a Vessel and the Loss of a large Cable at James Fort, in the

River Gambia, in the.Year 1768 - - - 90-----

To Charles O'Hara, Esquire, Governor of Sene-gambia, for the Hire, Victualling, and contingent Disbursements, of the IndujBrig, for the Defence of the River Senegal, from ift of

Augujlto 31st December 1773 - - 18d 17 — *'

To John Campbell, Esquire, lor Pay Bills for Boat -Men, &c. and for Provisions for them, belonging to a Scout Boat, employed in South Carolina, between the 20th. of May 1773 and the 27th of May 1774 - - - 365 14' It

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for his contingent.

Expences as Inspector General of Regimental.

Infirmaries, from 25th December 1773 to the 24th of June 1774 - - - 384 16 T

To D% for his D# as D°, from the 25th of June

to the 24th of December 1774 - - - . 358 —; 1

To the Colonels of the 2d Battalion of the ift.

- Regiment of Foot, the 13th and 19th Regiments, for Subsistence of the Supernumerary Private Men on the Reduction, in the Year 1770 207 11 —

To Henry Cort, Esquire, Agent to Lieutenant Colonel Tonyn, Governor- of the' Province of East Florida, for the purchasing and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the said Pro-. vince, from 29th August 1774 to the 29th of

August i11S - - - 417 5 —

To lifhitwell Butler, Esquire, for One Year’s Rent of a House at Senegal, due the 7th of February 1774. for the Use of the Chief Justice there - 60 —

To Colonel Faucitt in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him &s Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from the 10th of December 1773 to the 10th of December 1774 - 1.34 9 —

To Gilbert Stanton foe the Hire of a Sloop in Senegal, to bring Dispatches from thence to England - . - - - - .326 — —

To John fVetherhead, to reimburse him for the Damages and Costs of Suit in an Action

brought

i5 Geo. III.

6‘ Apri

Dates of Warrants.

brought against Lieut. Benjamin Roberts, for

----: — the Recovery of the Value of some Rurix

which he had seized at the Port of Mifslimakinac Dec. 20th. To Messieurs Browne, Clarke, and Company, for the Hire of a Vessel at Senegambia -To Lieutenant General Harvey {or his contingent Expended as Adjutant General, from the 25th

*774-

1775- Jany 4th

of December 1773 to the 24th of December 1774 27th To Capt.Andrew Frafer for his contingent Expenses as Commissary at Dunkirk, for the Year

28th. To Colonel Williani Roy to feimburse him his travelling Expences in making several Surveys in South Britain during the Year 1774 Feb. 16th: To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General

to the Army, for Medicines and Materials provided by him for the Forces in England, the West Indies, Africa, and North America, in the Year 1774

271

Hi----

100 — —

44+ 5 4

47 8 —

2S9 3 ~

*>749 . 1, 4

15,102 II 7

£-\263*537 7 i®J-

War Office, April 6th,'i 775-

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hlcktfng An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Iadosure. Meadows, Commons, and-Waste Grounds, lying

in the Parish of Hick ling, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons* and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That the Lord Howe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maochrfler The Lord Stanley presented to the House, according Theatre, to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to licensea Playhouse in the Town of Manch$fter, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Peebles The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term Roads bf an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads, in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweedferofs, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops,- and from Inglefton, through Car lops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.11 ' ':

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

Drummonds A Bill to repeal Two Acts, madeih the Parliament (M'Grcgours) Qf gco{ian^^ the 28th Day of June ' 16 jj, intituled, amc* " Act anent the Clan Gregour" and the 15th Day of June 1693, intituled, " Act for the Justiciary in the tc Highlands" so far as relates to the Mac Gregours;

and to revive an Act of the said Parliament, of the 26th

.Day ;of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac Gregours, was read a Second Time# > -

Vol. 35. .: '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Adam,

Lard Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

The Lord Rinchtngbrook reported from the Com- Ramsey &c. tnitteei to Whom the Petition of several of the Owners Drainage, and Proprietors of Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, lying in the several Parishes of Ramsey,

Bury, Wtftow, IParboys, Somersham, Colney, and Ridley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That thfe Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774;relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and aftetwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the faine was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Banes, being examined, said, That he knows the Lands described in the Petition $ That they contain rather more than *14,000 Acres, great Part of which are overflowed with Water, and some of them have been fb for near a Twelvemonth past; that the Banks want repairing and railing; that the overflowing of the Lands is owing to the want of proper Drains and Engines, and the Banks being properly repaired; that the said Lands may be drained, and are capable of considerable Improvement; and that the Water from the said Lands is intended’to be thrown into Vermuydens, or the 46 Foot Drain.

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled;' " An Act foi* draining and preserving certain 5‘ Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes " of Sutton, Mepall, fVitcham, Chatteris, Doddingtoi,

,c and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and " County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishefc of

1 Somersham

I’l'l

6° Aprilis. A. 1775.

" Somerjliam and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of

" Huntingdon.*" And also.

Another Ad, made in the 30th Yeas of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and lotto*

" Grounds in the several Parishes of Rdfrtfey, Fury,

" IViJlow, Warboys, \Fdrceitt, ktakdground, and

" Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Me of Ely, and County of Caine " bridge And alibi ’~L'

Another Ad, made in the 31st Year of 'the Reign of his laid late MajestyJ intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Pen Lands, Low Grounds,

" and Commons, in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the Me of Ely, in the County of CambridgeAnd also.

Another Ad, made in the 32d Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining " and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, " in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley With " and the Parish of Colne, in the "County of Hunting'dod-f W'dre severally read.’

' "And The Witness. laid, that several of the Lands intended to be included by this Bill, are comprised in the said Acts; hut that the said Acts have not been found effectual for draining the fame.

And he added, that the Commissioners under those Acts are dnfirous that the said Lands should be drained under the Directions of this Act, which the Witness thinks would be a more certain Method of draining and improving the same, on Account of their being included in the general Embankment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, itt the fevetal Parishes of Ravtfey, Bury, Wjftrw, Warboy Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Me of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And that the Lord Hinehingbrook, the Earl Ludlow, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Wyldbore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the said Court, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, several A(5ls of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters,' was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wUl, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Lessees, Owners, and Occupiers, of Stratford Place, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, watch, and fence in, the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said BUI be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next. 1

Accountant

General's

Office*,

L media’* Iiuo,

Collier?,

&c.

Scotland*

Stratford Place (Mary-le-Bone) - Paving*

Alnham Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, inclosure. .-^ording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, and also the infield Grounds of the Township of , in the

Parish Alnhattt\ in the County of Northumberland: And

the same wa6 received; -and read the.First Time.

1 Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

ncloftH*1 ihgrofihd Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open c0 and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common PaRures, Commoaiable Cldes, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Rollwright, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for 1 dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields; Comiqon Meadows,/Common Pastures, Commonable Clbfes, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Rollwright^in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenman do carry the Bill to the.Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Spitta’* . Sir Ceci\fffray reported from the Committee, to whom ^at* the ingrossed BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis Spitta, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BUI, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the BUI to the House, without any Amendment: And he. delivered the j Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the 16

Ordered, That Mr: Powys be added to the Gentlemen, KnapweH who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of -Wright Squire,

Esquire.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Erchgquec Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made ®‘"* out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer BUls, for " the Service of the Year 1774."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Dispositkn Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt cf His Ma* Naval jesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the 31st Day of December e u 1774, be laid before this House.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according tp K,oapwel! Order, a BUI for divkling and inclosing the Open Fields, Inclosure. Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Knapwell, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the-First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will not, in this Session of Elc&ioas, Parliament, take into Consideration any of the Petitions presented to the House, complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament,

which

15 Geo. III. 6* Aprilis. 373-

which are appointed to be hearcl, after the Petition of The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 14th Coia Sir Alexander Gilmour of Craigmiller, Baronet, and the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Weights, several other Petitions, complaining of an undue Elec- " An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights tion and Return for the Boroughs of North Berwick, " to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver

Haddington, Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dunbar-, the said " Coin of this Kingdom," might be read.

Petitions being the last appointed to be taken into Con- And the same being read accordingly;

sideration before the Recel's of the House for the Easter Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Holidays. allowing the Officer appointed to mark or stamp the

Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and.

St. Ives The House was moved, that the several Orders, Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in purfyance of an Act,

&le&ion. made upon the 7th Day of December last, for taking made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Samuel Fees, in the Execution of his Office: And that Mr.

Stephens, Esquire, and allb the Petition of several of the Cooper and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring Inhabitants of the Borough of St. Ives, in the County in, the lame, of Cornwall, Elediors of the said Borough, whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House RaP« undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might to resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seed* be read. to consider of the Petition of the 'Manufacturers in the

And the said Orders being read accordingly; Woollen Trade, in the Town of Witney, in Oxfordshire,

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. be now read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con- And the said Order being read accordingly; sideration upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 28th Day Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Rape of this Instant April, at Three of the Clock in the After- Seed and Rape Oil, imported into England, from noon. mas 1772 to 1773, which is as far as the

Memorandum: same can be made up; distinguishing the Countries from

Notices were again lent to the Parties, with Orders which the same have been.imported, be referred to the for their Attendance accordingly. laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Rape North The House was moved, that the several Orders, made Seed and Rape Oil, imported into Scotland, from Berwick upon the 7th Day of December last, for taking, into Con- mas 1772 to Christmas 1773, being as far as the same can Election, {iteration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of Sir Alex- be made up; distinguishing the Countries from which ander Gilmour, of Craigmiller, Baronet, and also the the same have been imported, be referred to the said Petition of Andrew Dickson, Esquire, John Dickson, Committee.

Esquire, Andrew Lawson, Esquire, Patrick Gray, Deacon Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of

of the Weavers, John Young, Deacon of the Hammermen, Seville and other Olive Oils, not being Sallad Oils,

Thomas Pringle, Deacon of the Skinners, Robert Cunning- imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, ham. Crafts Counsellor, and John Hutchiufon, Deacon of from 1770 to Christmas 1773, which is the

the Fleshers, all Members of the Town Council of the last Three Years that can be made up; distinguishing Burgh of Haddington, at Michaelmas 1774, and also the the Quantity imported in each Year, be referred to die Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Committee.

Burgh of North Berwick, in Behalf of themselves and Then the House relblved itself into the said Cojn-the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the said Burgh, mittee.

and allb the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Mr. Speaker left the dhair.

Town Council, of the Burgh of Dunbar, in Behalf of Lord Charles Spencer took the Chair of the Com-

themselves and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of mittee.

the said Burgh, severally complaining of an undue Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ..,

Election and Return for the Boroughs of NorthBer- Lord Charles Spencer reported ,from the Committee, >

wick, Haddingtoti, Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dunbar, might That they had examined a Witness; and had come to be read. -a Resolution; which* they had directed him to report,

And the said Orders being read accordingly; . when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. Ordered, That the Report be,.received Tomorrow

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con- Morning, sideration upon Tuesday the 2d Day of May next, at;

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.. , Mr. Cator presented to the House, according to Orde^, Cottage*.

Memorandum: a Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 31st Year of

Notices were, again sent to the Parties, with Orders the Reign 01 her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, for their Attendance accordingly. " An Act against the erecting and maintaining of Cot-

" tagesAnd the feme was received; and read the East India The House was pioved, that an Act, made in the First Time.

Company, j^th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- , Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

tuled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of

" Money, to be raffed by Exchequer Bills, and to be . Mr. Selwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Piccadilly. " advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of PicTerms, therein mentioned, for, the Relief of the cadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Parjt " United Company of Merchants of England, trading Gate, and of such Part of Park Latte as lies between " to the East Indies," might be read. Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to And the feme being read accordingly; pave, cleanse, and light, the fame, and also to water

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- such Part.’of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the several Laws now in being for those Purposes, was House, to consider of so much of the said Act as obliges committed; That the Committee had examined the the said Company to export Annually to the British Set- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; tlements, within the Limits prescribed by their Charter and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and for their carrying on an exclusive Trade to the East made several Amendments thereunto; which they had Judies, Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Pro- directed him to report to the House; and he read the duce, or Manufedture, of Great Britain, to a certaip Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Value. ~ with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

Vol. 35. 4 A the

Insolvent

Debtors.

Apedale,

tea

CanaL

Greene’s

Divorce.

Northern

Passage

Discorery.

474 6" — 70 Apr Ms. A. 1775*

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were dUagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Trustees to erect Engines and lay Pipes put of the limits of the Act, with the Content of the Owners.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a blank; Much being filled up, the said Clause was, uffori the Question put thereupon agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, difefting the Manner of laying down the Pavements that have been taken up for Water-Pipes.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with retpeft u to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige " Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison " beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery " of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their " Creditors Benefit;" and to prevent Actions being brought upon Judgments, without Leave of the Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up rdpeftively: And the same was received; and read the Fiift Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Nigel Grejley, Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Grefley, Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in dale, to Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of j

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a Reward to such Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

N

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Ten of tfre Clock.

Vimerit)7 0 die Alprilis;

- Anno 15® Georgii IIP11 lieg», 1775. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Corifidera-tiort the Petition of Daniel Campbell, of Shawfield,- Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Andrew Stuart, Esquire, for the County of Lanerk, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Seleffc Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, (of the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members oa the Bufinets of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speakefr, and 128 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar: The Clerk, appointed to attend the said Select Committee, attending also at the Bar,

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members, of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; and the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 6th Day cff " April 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Presence of the Speaker, " put into the said Box on the 6th Day of April " 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Papes, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, takeh out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into SLt Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to M -. Speaker, who fead the same to the House.

And the Names of Twenty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Henry Dundas, Esquire, being drawn, the Counsel for the Sitting Member declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Sitting Member; and the said Member having in his Place contented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee as such Nominee, hk Name was set aside.

16 , And

TaMrt £ led too.

Clackman-

nan

Election.

Accountant General’s Offices, Lincoln’s Inn.

Quadring,

Ac.

Inclosure.

15 Geo. III. 7* A

And the Names' of Twenty-eight ot&er Members, then present, Were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Advocate of Scotland., being drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioner declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioner; and the find Member having-in his Place consented to such Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the find Select Committee as such Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, were drawn, and let aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; One, on Account of his having given his Vote at the Election complained of by the Petition now taken into Consideration; and Seven, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees appointed for trying the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, lo drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete;

And Two Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened:

And One of the said lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Francis Erskine, of Forest, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Clackmannan, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Colonel Ralph Abercrombie is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Clackmannan.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of dlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors, for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the said Court, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the County of in the

Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the said Court.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Quadring, and in Quadring Hundred, in the County of Lincoln, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common VOL.35.

Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, arid Waffe Grounds, in the Parish of Quadring, and in Quadring Hundred, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lora Brtnvnlo do carry the' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfyldi fepotted from the Stone* Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Estate* intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages, Larids, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, and City of Exeter, late the Estate of Robert Stone, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to-enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in Payment of the Debts of the said Robert Stone, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick do

carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fiune, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mitford. Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners have perused a Bill depending in the House, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Hundreds; and that the said Bill contains many extraordinary Powers and Provisions; and that several of the Clauses therein contained will be injurious to the Properties of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that they may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Anglesey, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and " widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry " to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Harvey*, veiling a Freehold Estate, late of Harvey, Esquire, Eiftate' deceased, called Buckhouse, otherwise Munckham, situate

in the Parishes of Woodford and Chigwell, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trull, to sell and convey the same as therein mentioned; and for applying

7° Aprilis.

4- 'in-

plying the Money arising by Sale thereof, for the Benefit of Edward Harvey, an Infant, his only Son, and Heir at Law; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House- being informed that Doctor , from British

the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door; Museum. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account current of the Trustees of the British Museum, to February 1775.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is a? followeth; viz.

An

'ptvr-'o

An ACCOUNT Current of tl

o

Oa

Va

Leidger FoL

6 To Cash raised by Lottery -

6 To D° by First Payment of Tickets forfeited m m

6 To D° by Benefit Tickets not claimed in Time -

2 To D°, rirft Grant by Parliament, 1762 - 2,000 — — 1

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury 10717 65

2 To D°, Second Grant by Parliament, 1762 2,000 — — 7

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury 107 17 6J

2 To D°, Third Grant by Parliament, 1766 - 2,000 — 1

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury 107 17 6J

166 To D°, Fourth Grant by Parliament, 1768 2, COO )

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury 107 17 63

166 To D°, Fifth Grant by Parliament, 1770 - 2,000 1

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury 107 17 6J

166 To D°, Sixth Grant by Parliament, 1772 - 2,000 1

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury ,07 17 63

166 To D°, Seventh Grant by Parliament, 1774 2,000 — — j

Fees paid at the Exchequer and Treasury 107 17 63

120 To D° gained on Dividends Bank Annuities, paid by

the Tru flees -

>3 To D° gained on Exchequer and Nary Bills 1763, by

Dividends and Sales -

9 To D° gained on Bank Ann. 3 per Cent. Consol. by

Dividends and Sales -

17 To D° gained on D# by D° -

To D°, Balance to different Funds appropriated to

other Purposes* - - - 1

ie Trustees of the BRITISH MUSEUM; to February 1775.

£ /. *

100,000 --- —

172 7 6

1,780 — —

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

1.892 2 6

22,394 17 6 148 11 3

94 18 6

176 7 3

951 >7 8*

£.138,963 17

Leidger

Fol.

6

6

6

4?

50

5*

69

67

47

6

208

68 74

16 62 1 77 181 !65 !91

210 206

67

59

211 188 120

By Cash paid the Expences on the Lottery By D° paid for Sir Hans Sloane's Collection By D° paid Lord Oxford's Trustees for MSS.

By D° paid Commissioners of the Lottery in full -By D° paid Expences of Act of Parliament, and Law Charges -

By D° paid for the Common Seal of the Corporation and its Preis -

By D° paid for removing the Sloanian and Cotton Libraries - -

By D° paid for keeping Sir Hans Sloane's Collection at

Chelsea....

By D° paid for the Care of the Cotton Library By D° |>aid for the Purchase of Montagu House -By D° paid for the Repairs thereof -

By D° paid for Furniture peculiar to the Mufeura - -By D° paid for Furniture for the Meeting Room, Officers, -

By D° paid for House Insurance By D° paid for Fire Engines, &c.

By D° paid for Printing Expences By D° paid for Bookbinding -By D* paid for Stationary Wares By D° paid for Rent, Taxes, and other Annua ments - - - ‘

By D° paid for Salaries, Wages, and Gratuities paid for Board Wages -paid for Firing -paid for Candles -paid for incidental Charges By D° paid for Garden Expences By D° paid for Bank Annuities;

r 5 Bought 52,500, at 104 {

£.30,000; . fSokf s22;’O0t at gj|

By D° loft on Bank Ann. 3 per Cent. Conf 1. £.

By D° loft on D°

By D° Balance in Dr. Maty's Hands -By D° Balance in the Hands of Mr. Jnu/on, Cashier -

By D° By DJ By D° By D°

Pay-

1.500

1,200

Bank

6,200 £ S. d.

— -1

20,090 10,000 = } 36>757 *9 4

557 *9 4 J

435 11 16 "A 500 8 S

64 6 )

163 — 2f]

911 5 " *234 6

160 - J

10,250 17.880 *3 8 I 28,130 ‘3 8

4,©76 *4 7*7

4,780 16 4

704 1

X57 2 30 7 *5 7} 388 3 1

1,082 *9 3 1

2,292 5 r 3,682 10 — §

307 5 9 J

3.073 1710})

16,518 6 7 \ *‘,5iZ *4 Si

1,920 9 10 )

1,460 9 — I

230 2,298 f 9 if *>»5l 11 Si

2,162 12 — J

54,930 13 6 I 35*3*3

19,607 4 6 f 9 m*

78 7 6 9a

*3 *7 6 1 5

— 120 — —

— 289 — 3

£ ‘38.9*3 *7 2.1

15 Geo. III. 70 Jprilis.

Todenbam

Indoiure.

Old Stratford, &c. Roads.

London Paving: Bridewell Precind.

Ramsey,

See.

Drainage.

Long

Itchington

Sec.

Inclosure.

278 7° Aprilis.A. 1775,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta- themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-Sir William Guise presented to the House, according mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the said Petition.

Parish of Todnam, otherwise Todenham, in the county of ,

Gloucester: And the same was received; and read tire An ingrossed Bill from the lx>rds, intituled, An Act Legh’s First Time.; to enable Peter Legh, F.lquire, and the Reverend Ash-

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. burnham , Clerk, to grant building and improving

Leases of Part of their settled Estates, within the Coun- Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to ties of Lancaster and was read a Second

Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed Time.

in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the i jt th Refol That the Bill be committed to Mr. Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Keck, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this ioth, 13th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Majesty King George, the Second, for repairing the Chamber.

Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Nor- .

thampton, to Dunthurc/i, in the County of Warwick-, An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Mary-le-bone and for more effectually amending the said High- ment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary- Poor’ ways: And the same was received; and read the First le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Time. Workhouse in the said Parish, was read the Third

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Mr. Alderman Oliver presented to the House, accord- be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of ing to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His the County of and for buildng a Workhouse

present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for con- in the said Parish.

" lolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to " Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for mak- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" ing, enlarging,' amending, and cleansing, the Vaults,

" Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Li- The Lord presented to the House, according Rowfliam,

" berties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and light- to Order, a' Bill for establishing and confirming Ex- £xc^‘

" ing, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, changes of divers Lands and Heriditaments, in the " Passages, and Places, and preventing and removing Parish of in the County of Oxford, pursuant

" Obstructions and Annoyances, within the same;" to Articles of Agreement, between Sir Charles Cottrell and for empowering the Commissioners under the said Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Act to pave, cleanie, and light, that Part of the Great Harry Lee-, and for other Purposes therein mention-Street which leads from Fleet Street, to Black Fryars ed: And the same was received; and read the First Bridge, which lies within Bridewell Precinct, and for 1 Tiriie.

preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances RefolThat the Bill be read a Second Time, therein: And the same was received; and read the First

Time. Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Beaconsfield

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Road.

Three Acts, one passed in the Fifth Year of his Majesty Mr. Wyldbore presented to the House, according King George the First, and the others in the Ninth and to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Thirty-third Years of his late Majesty1, for repairing the Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Road from Beaconsfeld, in the County of Bucks, to Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wijiow, Warboys, Somersham, Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was referred;

Colney, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Hun- That the Committee hail examined, and found that the tingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodding-Standing Ordars of the House of the 25th of April 1774, ton, within the Hie of Ely, in the County of Cam-relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, bridge: And the same was received; andread the First the Trustees not having had any Information of the said Time. , Orders; but the Agent for the Petition produced the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Books of the Proceedings of the Trustees, by which it

appeared, that on the 20th Day of October last, an A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Order was made for this Application; and that thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, in the the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Tow nth ip of Long Itchington, in the County of War- Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as wick, on Behalf of themselves and others interested in it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the the Lands within the said Township, was presented to Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common is as followeth;

Fields, and Commonable Places, of Long Itchington To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the

and Bafcote, in the Parish of Long Itchington, in the said several Acts were read; and it appeared by the faiil County of Warwick-, and letting forth, That the Pc- Books, that the same had been continued to be put in

titioners have many Objections to the inclosing of the Execution. Then,

Township of Long Itchington, as they apprehend it will Mr. George White, Junior, being examined, laid, materially affect their Property there: And therefore That the said Road is not in sufficient Repair, and in praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or many Parts too narrow, particularly in the Town of Counsel, against the said Bill; and that it may not pass High Wycombe'-, that he apprehended the said Road ' as it now stands. cannot be perfectly amended and supported, unless the

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the said Acts are further continued, and other Powers Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill granted.

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by It likewise appeared by the said Books, that a con-

16 1 r7 liderable

Rape

Seed*

Highgate

and

Hampstead

Roads.

15 Geo. III.

70 Apri

siderable Sum now remains due on the Credit of the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Hoad from Beaconsin the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford: And

that Mr. Waller, Mr. Fitzmaurice, Colonel Mr.

Drake, Senior, and Mr. Drake, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Charles Spencer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Manufacturers in the Woollen Trade, in the Town of Witney, in Oxfordjldre, the Resolution which the Committee had

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Rape Seed from Ireland do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord Wenman, Sir George Macartney, Sir William Guise, and Mr.' Southwell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 7th, 8th, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Acts mentioned, leading to Highgate and Hampstead, in

Rie County of Middlesex; and for making a new Road from the great Northern Road at to the Edg-

ware Road, near Paddington, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, owing to the Petitioners not having been acquainted with, the fame; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as' it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

Mr. John Benson, Cicrk and Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, laid, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which has been laid out in repairing the Roads, and other the Purposes of the said Acts; and that there is stili due and owing’ the Sum of

£. 13,975 I2J. 4 d.which cannot be discharged, nor the said Roads effectually kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

That the l olls are considerably decrealed, owing, as the Witness apprehends, to the making of the New City Road, and the Badness of the Street Pave-

ment, together with the present good State of the Pavement through the City; and the Witness also apprehends, that from the said Decrease, and the Difficulty of procuring Materials for the Repair of the Roads, it will be necessiiry to raile the Tolls.

The Witness further said, That the several Roads VOL. 35.

Widows* &c.

279

leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampjleaa, in the said Acts mentioned, are very inconvenient and dangerous to Persons travelling the same in the Night-time, being much infefted with Robbers, which might in a great Measure be prevented, and the Lives and Properties of Passengers rendered more secure, if the Trustees were empowered to watch and light the said Roads; and that it would also conduce to the Convenience of Passengers, and the Inhabitants of Houses on the Sides of the said Roads, if Power was given to water the fame.

Mr. Thomas Elwes confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbour Bridge, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at ljlington, to the Edgware Road, near Paddington, lb far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads: And that Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Pentcn do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Huntingdon: to whom the Bill for incorporating certain Persons Clergymen's for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, within the County of Huntingdon, wras committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend Michael Tyson, Clerk, Archdeacon of Huntingdon, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Counfrl and Agents for Daniel Campbell, Esquire, Lanerk the Petitioner, and for Andrew Stuart, Esquire, the Election. Sitting Member, before-mentioned, together with the Cerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, That the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning on the Part of the Petitioner, alternately struck’ off One of the Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered into the House one of the Lifts so struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Thomas Frankland, Esquire, Sir Roger Mostyn, Baronet, Charles Penruddocke, Esquire, Lord John Edward Southwell, Esquire, Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, the Marquis of Granby, John Ord, Esquire, lx>rd Mountjluart , John Scudamore, Esquire, John Mayor,

Esquire, Sir Simeon Stuart, Baronet, Lord \ ifeount

Lisburne.

And the Names of Henry Dundas, Esquire, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr- Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition

of

0

St. Paul, Covent Gnnlen, Poor, &c.

Adjournment*

Account

ordered.

Watt’s

Patent.

Stourbridge

Canal.

280 70 — 10° 1775.

of Daniel Campbell, of Shawfteld, Esquire, complaining to communicate with the intended Canal near

of an undue Election and Return for the County of Brook, in the said Parish;

Lanerk; and they were then (worn by the Clerk, as Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time follows: upon this Day Four Months.

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply. " the Merits of the Petition of Daniel Campbell, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

" of Shawfteld, Esquire, referred to you; and to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

" a true Judgment give according to the jesty;

" Evidence. Resolve That this House will, upon Monday MomSo help you God." ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were dire<sted to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Court of Chancery, in Westminster Hall.

Sir Charles Whitworth p'resented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Scond Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports from North America, to the British West India Islands, for Three Years pall; distin-gu idling each Year, and from what Provinces.

The Lord Guernsey, according to Ordet, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in ‘ James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and AlFgns, the lole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that no CounfrI attended;

The laid Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near ton, in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, near The Level upon Chafe, in the

Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to aw* Mean*, consider further of M ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into’the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Northern whole House, to consider of granting a Reward to such _ ya!raR« Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall dif- .

cover a Northern Pillage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wolf el'ey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wolfdeyreported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make Greene*, a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock. Divorce.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 1 o° A frills;

Anno 150 Georgii III"' Regis, 177-5.

Pray e r s.

fNRdered, That the Inrollment of the Charter granted to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall,

in the 35th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; and also, the Inrollment of the la ft Charter granted to the said Borough of Saltash, which were presented to the House upon the 23d Day of March lall, be re-delivered to the proper Officers.

Sal^'h Charter.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Lndv the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WiiUi««5tc*»’» for vesting in Trullees several Messuages, Lands, Tene- E,lau-ments, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Art buret anti Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumberland, Part of the Ellate of Catherine Widdrington, commonly called

Catherine Lady Widdrington, deccated, for a Term of Five hundred Years, for railing and paying certain Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham, Clerk -T

and

Huntingdon: Ulcrgv men’s V\ jciow’s

&C.

Trent

fend Mtrfey Canal.

Claydon*

ic.

inclosure.

Bremhill,

Sec.

Inclosure.

15 Geo. III. to* Aprilis. 28i

and for other Purposes therein nientioned, was com- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; were agreed to by the House.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- Order, That the Bill; with, the Amendments, be lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; ingrossed. and that the Committee had directed him to report the

Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Broadwell, delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, &c.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time; Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Indoor*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Grounds, in the Hamlets or Tithings of Broadwell and

Ordered, That Mr. Hozvard do carry the Bill to the Filkins, in the Manor and Parish of other-luords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed wile Broadzvell Saint John, in the County of was

to the lame, without any Amendment. read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do prals: And that the Title An ingrossed Bill for incorporating certain Persons, be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergy- Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common, within the County of Huntingdon, was read the mon Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds;

Third Time. in the Hamlets or Tithings of Broadwell and;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title in the Manor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise be, An Act for incorporating certain Persons, for the well Saint John, in the County of Oxford.

Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, Ordered, That the Lord IVenman do carry the Bill td within the County of Huntingdon. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for william*1

executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Ex- Debt to An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual chequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time die Crown; Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh

Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due

Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wildett to His Majesty, from William deceased, was

Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at read the Third Time.

or near Runcorn Cap. was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing be. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to com-of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut, or pound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow,

Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in bert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to Hia

the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Majesty, from William Williams, deceased.

Runcorn Cap. Ordered, That Mr, Owen do carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Com- Lord

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, accord- mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Twrington’* ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open tituled, An Act for exchanging certain Lands and Estate* Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Tenements, Part of the Estates comprized in the Set-Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Pre- tlement made on the Marriage of the Right honourable cinfts, of C/aydon, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the George Lord Viscount Torrington, for certain Lands County of Oxford: And the same was received; and and Tenements, belonging to the President and Scholars read the First Time. . of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of O.r-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ford, and also for exchanging certain Mills and Lands

thereto belonging, likewise comprized in the said Set- Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom tlement, for certain Lands and Tenements belonging the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- to John Dilly, Gentleman, was committed; That the tain Stinted Pasture called Stockham Marsh, in the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Parish of BremhilI,in the County of Wilts; and for and found the same to be true; and that the Parties exonerating certain Old Inclosures, within the said concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, was commit- Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com-ted; That the Committee had examined, and found mittee haddirested him to report the Bill to the House, that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill ill April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been at the Clerk’s Table.

complied with; and that the Committee had exa- And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House Committee (except Two Persons, One of whom is Lath agreed to the lame, without arty Amendment*

Abroad, and the other has been font to, but returned 1

no Answer, who together are possessed of Two Horse Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, Highlit*

Leazcs upon the said Stinted Pasture, which contains to whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Hamlet (Middlesex)

in the Whole 143 and a Half Horse Leazes; and that of H in the County of was com- ^atefe no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-the Bill) and that*'the Committee had gone through gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; the Bill, and made foveral Amendments thereunto; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

which they had directed him to report to the House; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards had directed him to report to the House; and he read delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Vol. 35. 4 C Wher*

8 2 \<?Aprui$. ^.*1775.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Hampstead Mr. John Smith reported from the Committee, to

(Middlesex) whom the Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, w ‘f'h^ ar,d public Paflkges, within the Town and Parish of a 1 ’ Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and hq read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Clerkenwell An ingrossed Bill for building a \^orkhouse, and iW. for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Manehefter A Bill for enabling' His Majesty to license a Play-Thtatre. house in the Town of in the County Pala-

tine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House, an Account, of his Qualification, and ttdeen and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

ResolvedThat the Bill be committed to Lord Stanley, Mr. Pennant, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fulbourne A Bill for taking down the Church of All Saints, in Church. t^e Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the Church of Saint Vigors, in the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Sampson Gideon, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at *ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*.

Argyll An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways and

A«acts Set. Bridge in the County of Argyll, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the Shire of Argyll.

Ordered, That Colonel Livingflon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defue their Concurrence.

C'.itfden, Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Inctofure 'whom. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise Cuttefden, in the Parish of Brein the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made-several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Coin cording to Order, a Bill for allowing the Officer ap- "eigtits. pointed to mark or (lamp the Weights to be made Use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees, in the Execution of his Office: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pratt:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Ci-ther'dge, enable tire Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church &c* of Worcester, and Rowland Berkeley, Esquire, to make ylhes*

and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Tithes in the Parish of Cotheridge, in the County of Wore eft er; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from Accounts the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended prefenud. at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade between Scotland and all the Colonies in North America and the West Indies, during the Three last Years; distinguishing each Year, and each Colony; likewise the Tonnage of all Ships and Vessels employed in the Trade with Africa: And also,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Silk,

Cotton, Worsted, Linen, and mixed Hole, of English Manufacture, exported to North America and the West Indies, from C.hriftmas 1772 to 1773, being

as far as the same can be made up: And also,

AnvAccount of the Amount of the Duties on Rape Seed imported into Scotland for Five Years last past,

viz.from 5th January 1770 to 5th January 1773, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishirtg the Quantity imported from Ireland, and distinguishing the Amount of the Duties in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers^ of this Session.

A Bill to prevent unn?ceflary Removals of the

Poor,

Poor;

Regulating

Removals,

&c.

Northern

Passage

Discovery.

Cottages#

Elections.

Phillips*

L#iglithouse'

15 Geo. III. 10 Apr283

Poor, and to promote the granting of Certificates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Fort-

night, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Wolfeley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of granting a Reward to such Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Railage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Discovery of a Northern Passage, from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, upon any Meridian whatsoever, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to encourage Adventurers to attempt the said Discovery, a public Reward should be given, not only to such Person or Persons as shall make a perfect Discovery of the said Passage, but also to the Owners of such Vessels as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Wolfeley and Captain Luttrell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j J «5>-

Tellers for the Noes, j J 17-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, that the Bill be committed to aOommiftee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Fort-

night, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Lord John Cavendift, from the Select Committee* who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Daniel Campbell, of Shazvfield, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Lanerk, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Andrew Stuart, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to -serve in this present Parliament for the County of Lanerk.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House,

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of in the East Rid*

ing of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lanerk

EleAioiu

Stedmifs

Inclosure.

A Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 31st Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act against the erecting and maintaining erf" " Cottages," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cat or, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henniker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, Mayors, and other Officers of Corporations, from Churches and other licensed Places of Divine Worship: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

\ r Mr. Henniker, 7

Tellers for the Yeas.< ! Mr. Alderman Saw- l 3

1 L bridge.

Tellers for the Noes,- [Sir Charles Bunbury, [ Mr. Whitworth: 1-9*-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The;

and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Dill be now read a Second Time j VO L. 35.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Promissory to Order, a Bill to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Note*, *c. Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And' the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, that the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

ResolvedfYfrox this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Hindon House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Electioa. House, upon the Bill to incapacitate William Abraham,

James Anderson, Junior, James Anderson, Senior, Renalder Bowles, Luke Beckett, Son of Walter Beckett, Philip Beckett, Edward Beckett, Seevyer, Reuben Burnett, John,

Walter Beckett, John Beckett, Son of William Beckett, Bricklayer, Philip Beckett, Junior, William Brookes, John Beckett, Baker, Benjamin Beckett, John Baldwin, John Beckett, John Bell, John Beckett, Seevyer, Luke Beckett,

Edward Beckett, Malon, William Burnett, William

Beckett

284 lo° Apri 1775.

Hindon Beckett, William Bye, Senior, Thomas Bye, William Bye, the Purpose of felling die Seats in Parliament for the

Elc3i<a. Junior, John Beckett, Butcher, Thomas Brookes, John laid Borough, or as having been in thru mental in Bowles, Joseph Caffe in tly Dean, Joseph Cholfey, Ju- effectuating such Sale, and, for all or some of the fitor, William Chiverell, Joseph Cholfey, Senior, Samuel said Offences, to be declared incapacitated and dif-Collier, John Chiverell, Benjamin Cholfey, Junior, Na- abled from giving any Vote at any Election for the lhaniel Cuffe, William Crabb, William Cuffe, Senior, chuling a Member or Members to l'erve in Parliament,

Hedger, Benjamin Cholfey, Senior, Francis Chiverell, either for the said Borough of Hindon, or for any William Cuffe, Junior, John Davis, Senior, John Davis, County* City, Town, Borough, or other Place in Junior, Samuel Daw, John Dewey, John Dukes, Senior, Great Britain fending Members to Parliament; and John Dukes, Junior, George Dukes, Matthew Davis, that the Petitioner hopes he shall be able to make it William Day, John Dowle, Robert Day, William Dukes, appear, that he is entirely innocent of any of the Thomas Dukes, James Davis, John Edwards, Labourer, Crimes which have been alledged against him before the John Edwards, Glazier, Richard Envood, James Ed- Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the wards, Andrew Farrett, Samuel Farthing, Thomas Field, late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Samuel Field, John Gilbert, William Gillham, Jervoice the said Borough, and which the Petitioner is in-Gilbert, Robert Gilbert, Joseph Gilbert, James Gilbert, formed* is the only Foundation for his being in-John Gone, James Gough, Thomas Harden, Stephen Hard- eluded in the said Bill: And therefore praying the ing, Taylor, William Hacker, Edward Holliday, John House that he may be allowed to be heard by his . Hart, George Hayward, Thomas Howell, William Hard- Counsel, against: such Parts of the said Bill as tend to ing,. Cooper, John Hooper, Senior, John Hooper, Ju- deprive him of any Right or Franchise, and have such nior, Henry Huffe, Senior, Henry Huffe, Junior, WRelief as to the House shall seem fit. Ham Harden, Thomas Harden, Taylor, John Harden Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Taylor, Richard Harden, Taylor, William Harden, Cohsideration of the said Committee of the whole Labourer, Harry Jukes, John Ingram, Junior, Henry House; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Jerrard. Richard Ingram, Francis Ingram, John Lark- Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, ham, William Lucas, William Lamb, Joseph Lamb, James if he thinks fit.

Lambert, Thomas Lanham, John Marsham, Maltster, A Motion was made, and the Question being

Isaac Moody, Edward Mead, Francis Mead, John proposed, that Mr. Speaker do now leave the Moore, Thomas Moore, John Merchant, Joseph Moody, Chair.

Luke Mead, Luke Marsham, Senior, Luke Marsham, The House was moved, that the Entries in the Junior, John Marsham, Sawyer, Joseph Norton, Wil- Journal of the House of the 20th Day of March liam Newton, William Nefbick, William Nezvton, Junior, 1728, and the 3d, 9th, and 12th Days of April the Reverend John Nairn, Roger Norton, Joseph No1729, of the Proceedings of the House with relation ton, Samuel Norton, Henry Osborne, John Penny, Richard to the Bill to disable Thomas Bambridge to hold or Pitman, Walter Piercy, James Piercy, William Penny, Wil- execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, liam Piercy, Elias Pitman, Thomas Piercy, Edtvard Piercy, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, Nathaniel Phillips, Samuel Phillips, John Randall, Ed- might be read.

ward Ranger, Francis Ranger, William Ranger, Thomas And the same were read accordingly.

Richardson, John Ranger, John Richardfbn, John Ran- Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-some, Robert Ranger, William Steevens, Thomas Spencer, mittee.

Carpenter, James Smart, William Snook, George Spender, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Junior, Thomas.....Steevens, William Spender, John Mr. took the Chair of the Commit*

Steevens, Breeches-maker, Elias Steevens (Hag) Edward tee.

Shergdd, George Spender, Matthew Steevens, William Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Steevens (Hag) George Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Ordered, That Mr. Dundas have Leave to make a

Senior, (Hag) James Steevens (Hag) John Steevens, Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

Junior (Hag) Thomas Steevens (Hag) Roger Spender, And he moved the House accordingly.

Charles SympJ'om, Robert Small, alias Taylor, Elias Ordered, Nemine , That Leave be given

Steevens, Son of George, James Steevens, Isaac Savage, to bring in a Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, Henry Savage, John Steevens, Son of Henry, Thomas therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Mcm-Shergold, Thomas Shergold, Junior, Joseph Scammel, bers to serve in Parliament; and for preventing Bri-William Sandle, William Sandle, Junior, Edward Tu/ick, bery and Corruption in the Election of Members to Luke Tiley, Thomas Wier, Sawyer, Robert Wier, La- serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the bourer, Moses Weeks, Edward White, Hedger, James County of Wilts.

Wier, Grocer, Edward White, Ratcatcher, Robert Ordered, That Mr. Dundas, Mr. Byng, Mr. Solicitor

Wier, Butcher, Matthew White, Junior, William White, General, Sir George Hay, Mr. Grenville, Lord George Matthew White, Senior, Charles Wier, James Wier, Germain, Mr. Mr. Vanneck, Mr. Marfk, Mr. Labourer, John White, William Wier, Thomas Wier, Brett, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hony-

and John Wier, from voting at Elections of Members wood, Mr. Wollaston, Colonel Vaughan, Mr. Phelips, to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing Bribery Mr. Allen, Mr. and Mr. Cary, do prepare,

and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in and bring in, the said Bill.

Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of

Wilts', And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Ditto. A Petition of John Nairn, Clerk, was presented to Morning, Ten of the Clock,

the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner has been served with a Copy of a Bill, depending before the House, to incapacitate the Petitioner, and certain other Persons therein named, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the' Petitioner is greatly concerned to find himself included in the said Bill, as a Person guilty either of having been bribed and corrupted at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, or as having been concerned as Agent for

﻿Alnham

Inclosure.

15 Geo. III. 110 Aprilis.

Martisj 11° die Aprilis;

Anno 150 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the TownQiip of Alnham, in the Parish of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Disposition Service of the Year 1774, has been disposed of*, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 11th Day Graots* of April 1775; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1774 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the nth Day 1775, and the

Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

QO

C\

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

n

SERVICES.

JFor the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 20,000 Men, including 4*354 Marines, from the ift of

January 1774 -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1774 -

Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1774 -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy

Sums voted.

Sums paid.

Remains to be paid.

o

c

ro

4?

1

For Ordnance, Sea Service - -

For Ditto, — - Land Service ——

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office xof Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1773

rFor defraying the Charge of 18,024 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Jerfry, and for the Year 1774 -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, , Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 7774 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of 5 Battalions, and 3 Companies of Foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1774 -

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Bii/ain, for the Year 1774 -

Towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chclfea Hospital, for the Year 1774 -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1774 -

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1774 -

For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1774 - -

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces and other Services, incurred between the 24th Day of March 1773 and the 22d Day of ^>77/1774, and not provided for by Parliament -

C ' *

988,000 — — 444,188 4 3

430,729 — — a 00,000 — —

£ ' 32,000 — — 244,699 17 s

26,423 — 2

Z"TT

638,6301610

37S,°62 13 4

d.

iC* d.

a»°5a>9»7 4 3 *,052,917 4 3

323,124 17 7 323,124 i7 7

4,627 — 11,473 18 122,731 107,525

1,010 628

S

'9

3 , 61

288,030 19 5{

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1774 ——

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Eflnblishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to 24th of June 1774 ——

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of Fajl Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to 24th of June 1774 ——

For defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1773 to 24th of June 1774 ——

For defraying the Expence of the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, for the Year 1774 -

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1774 - -

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1774 For repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses - -

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament -

Towards defraying the Expences of calling in and recoining the deficient Gold Coin ——

To David Hartly, Esquire, towards enabling him to defray the Charge of Experiments, in order to ascertain the Practicability and Utility of his Discovery of a Method to secure Buildings and Ships from Fire -

549,720 14 8 1,549,720 14 8

4,346 10 s 4,346 10 5 1

3,086 — — 3,086

4.95° 4,950

4,850 — — 4,850 — —

6,336 — 9I 6,336 — 9l

2,085 4 — 2,08c 4 —

6,998 18 7 6,998 18 7

13,000 — — 13,000 — —

10,100 10,100 — —

a,000 — — 2,000 — —

250,000 — — 92,500 — —

*,500 — — 2,500

157,500

- ^4

c

o

r

Co

try

8 f To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5th Day of July 1773 - - - - .

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1772, at Lady Day 1774 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1772, at Michaelmas 1774 -

„ Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3d1 -

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 130 Georgii 3tn, and charged upon the first Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1774, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who subscribed their Capital Stock of £. 3 per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and annihilated pursuant to an Act 140 Georgii 3tU ——

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several Fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 140 Georgii 3d1 ——

To reimburse Expences, and for Rewards to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving the Contributions to the Lottery, and paying the same into the Exchequer, and for paying the Prizes in the said Lottery; and also to the said Governor and Company, and to the South Sea Company, for receiving the Subscriptions of the Proprietors of the £. 3.per Cent. Annuities, subscribed pursuant to the Act 140 Georgii 3ui, and paying off the fame; and for Rewards to the Managers and Commissioners of the Lottery, for preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in Lieu thereof, and for the incident Expences attending the said Lottery ' -

43,645 12 8 43,645 la 8

284,83s 12 7 284,835 i* 7

299,690 13 7 299,690 13 7

8,8ll II 3 8,811 ii 3

1,023,440 12 4 1,023,440 12 4

880,000 — 880,000 — —

600,000 — — 600,000 — —

f4,550 12,15°

7,390,989 12 8£ 7,231,089 12 8|

2,400-----

159*900 — —

U

eg

N

CD

CL

CT

0

750,000 — — 1,500,000 — — 1,2 50,000 — — 1* J»l9° 11 7*

6i9i3°3 7 3i

a,080,696 12 81

750,000 — — 20,237 5 3

30,561 9 3

126,981 7 5

15,000 — —

5,99016 5

16,500 — 4

0

0 0 1*

FT

7,278,461 10 112,528 2

3

WAYS and MEANS towards answering the said Services#

By the Malt Duty continued Anno 1774.

By 3Jh. per Lib. on Land.

By Exchequer Bills charged on the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, on 5th January 1774, for Disposition of Parliament.

Remaining in D° of the Sinking Fund, on 5th April 1774, for Disposition of Parliament.

Of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

By a Lottery.

Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

Paid into the Exchequer, pursuant to Acts 20 & 90 Georgii 3tU, by the Receivers General of the Counties in England and VTales, that have not raised the Militia.

Remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Year 7773*

Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expence of defending, protesting* and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

Being the Balance in the Hands of the Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital

Deficiency of Ways and Means. '

7,390,989 12 8f

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid. There remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to the Lottery -Deficiency of the Ways and Means to answer the Services

47-371 «7 Oi

112,528 2 si

Memdum

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; vixl.

For the late Marine Regiments - -

For the late African Company Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496 19/. i{d.

Towards building a Lazaret -

For Compensation to Francis Dolby% for certain Damages sustained by him

£ c' 10,506 5 2f

9OO 12 IO

570 17 7*

5,000-----

6,195 8 11

*3.173 4 6|

PreTented this nth Day of April 1775, by mo.

IV. Speer.

K>

CO

<1

15 Geo. III. 110 Aprilis.

Bremhill,

&c.

Inclosure.

Lambert’s

Leafing.

Rowfliam,

Sec,

Exchange.

Wootton

Wawen,

&c.

Inclosure.

Auberey’s

Nat.

288 110 Aprilis. 1775.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, A Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Peebles

a certain Stinted Pasture, called Stockham Marsh, in the 26 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George a"d.

Parish of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts-, and for ex- the Second, for repairing and widening the several ^jads.

onerating certain old Inclosures, within the said Parish, Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed/-

from the Payment of Tythes, was read the Third cross, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blytk bridge,

Time. La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Car lops, and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title from biglefion, through Car lops,> until all the said Roads be. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, a cer- join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, was read a tain Stinted Pasture, called Stockham Marsh, in the Second Time.

Parish of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts; and for ex- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundas, onerating certain old Inclosures, within the said Parish, The Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to from the Payment of Tythes. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Ordered, That Mr. Goddard do carry the Bill to the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Knarefboroujb General Burgoyne reported from the Committee, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make our a new Writ for Wrlt* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-Act to confirm a Lease, made by William Lambert, an ment for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, to the Right of York, in the room of Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy, Ba* honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called ronet, deceased.

Lord Stanley, of Lands in the Parish of Woodman/ern,

in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the A Bill for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Meragi% Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Town of Mevagijjey, in the County of Cornwall, was read pier* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties a Second Time.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gren-Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit- ville. Lord Bulkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this tee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill Chamber, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee, Brinsley,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- &c*

Ordered, That General Burgoyne do carry the Bill to mons and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinsley, Inclosure*

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath in the Parish of Greafley, in the County of Nottingham, agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. was committed; That the Committee had examined,

and found that the Standing Orders of the House of A Bill for establishing and confirming Exchanges of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Row- been complied with; and that the Committee had

sham, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benja- same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had min Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee-, and given their Consent to the Bill, to the Safisfaction of for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Se- the Committee; and that the Committee had gone cond Time. through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wen-. thereunto; which they had directed him to report to man, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Chamber. ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-

ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally ' mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Lands, within the Parish of Wootton Wawen, otherwise Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick, was read a ingrossed.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mr. Cooper presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Holte, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this Command,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s An Account of the Honourable Charles Sloan Cadogan, Accounts 1 Chamber. Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint within the patented.

Tower of London, of all Monies by him had and re-Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, ceived out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer and to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, elsewhere, as also of all Monies by him paid and dif-An Act for naturalizing John Peter Auberey was com- buried for the Charge and Expence of the said Mint, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1774, tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that exclusive of Monies received and paid by him for the the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to Re-coinage of light Guineas, as provided for by an Act the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered passed in the last Session of Parliament: And also, the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. An Account of Money paid at the Treasury, for dif-

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. . tempered Cattle, 1774.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry tht Bill The said Accounts are as followeth: viz.

16

An

i5 Geo. Ill

ii* Aprilis.

Act ACCOUNT of the Honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, Mailer and Worker of His Majesty's Mint within the Tower of London, of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer and elsewhere; as also of all Monies by him paid and disbursed for the Charge and Expence of the said Mint, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1774, exclusive of Monies received and paid by him for the Coinage of Light Guineas, as provided for by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

---- — -r~

CHARGE.

The laid Accountant charges himself with his having received, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, within the Time above-mentioned, as by Particulars in the Imprest Roll doth appear; viz1.

1774, January 24th, Received out of the Coinage Duties - - - - -March 29th ----- Yearly Supplies for 1774 - -

May - 7th ----- Coinage Duties -

July - 23d ----- Coinage Duties -

October 29th ----- Coinage Duties -

Received out of the Gold Pix, tried the 22d June 1774 -

Received out of the Silver, Pix, D* -

r. d.

2,316 10 lOf*]

8,811 11 3

L591 5 51

1,516 679 6 5

17 Zk)

c

s. d.

14,925 11 31

8,746 10 — — 16

Total Charge

23,672 2 9*

DISCHARGE.

The said Accountant is discharged by several Allowances and Sums of Money due to, and paid and disbursed by him, as follows;

To him the Balance due upon the Foot of his Account ending 31st December 1773 ——

To him for his own Salary for One whole Year - - - -To him for an A flay Mailer -

To him for a Fireman to his Assay Mailer -

To him for Three Clerks - -- - - --To him for a Purveyor ——

5 J To him for an Office-keeper -

‘ ' To Mr. Teo, Chief Engraver -

To M. Ochs, Second Engraver ——

To Mr. PingOy Assistant Engraver -

To Mr. Fletcher, Smith Assistant to the Engravers -

To the Provost of the Moniers ——

To Mr. Chambers, Surveyor of the Moniers Prefles -

To Mr. Tanner, by Treasury Warrant ——

To Mr. Lucas, D° ——

To Mr. Jones, D° ——

►o

15,221 1

500 — 100 — 25 — 150 —

25 — 25 —

200 —

80 —

80 —

40 —

IOO —

40 —

200 --

125 —

74 8

i>365 -

=1

399 8 —

Paid the several following Particulars within the Time of this

Account:

To Messrs. Sheppards for Water Silver and Aqua Fortis -

To Mrs. Stow for Charcoal - -- -- -To Mr. Lucas for several Necessaries for the Assay Office -

To Mr. Lucas for an additional Fireman -

To Mr. Gregory for Copper ul'ed for Allay ——

To Mr. Jones for Coals for the Melting House and Press Room - - -To Mr. Gregory for several Necessaries by him provided for Service of the Mint in General, as Purveyor Allowance to this Accountant for Waite and Charges in Coining Gold, previous to the 5th of October 1774, when the light Money brought to His Majesty’s Mint, under the Act of the last Session of Parliament, began to be coined -

Gold Monies put into the Pix -

Lois by Allays -

Vol. 35. 4E

74,994 lb. 4 oz. 1 12 grs. 1

into Guineas, at > -

6j. 8 J

600. o. o. o. into Half 1

Guineas, at > -10 d.iper lb. J

491 4

367

60 10 43 16

49 8 8 6

40 7

25,076 4

236 5

5>*65 15

6 ‘

7

ll)

8

6*

71'

1,061 3 6J

3°>579 4 7r

Paid

2$0

11

Aprilis.

Paid sundry Fees and Expences, incurred on trying the Pix the 2id June 1774, as by Bill of Particulars herewith annexed doth appear ——

Paid fundiy Fees at the Treasury, Exchequer, and elsewhere, for several Warrants, iAc. and Sums of Money issued from thence, and other Difourfements, as by Bill of Particulars doth appear -

s. d.

J. 1775,

£ s- d.

95 1 6 '

706 6 9!

801 g 3!

Paid to the several Artificers for Materials found, and Work performed, by them, in the several Offices, used for the Coinage $ viz*.

To Mr. Mercer, Mason.....-----

Mr. Holland, Bricklayer ——

Mr. Searle, Carpenter ——

Mr. Holland, Carpenter, ——

Mr. Trowbridge, Plumber -

Mr. Coventry, Painter - -- - r - -

Mr. Alexander, Glazier ——

Mr. Fletcher, Smith -

Mrs. Fenton, Slater ——

Mr. Reedy Plaisterer -

Mr. Marbrby Paviour - -- Mr. Mitchelly Bricklayer -

40----]

184-----

78 12 — i 30 6 —

57 —

14 6 —

J7 7 — /

304 19 —

9----

I II —

15 12 — 208 13 __

962 — %

Imprested to Robert Pigot, Esquire, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, to discharge the Salaries payable, by him, as by Indenture, for One whole Year ——

Imprested more to him to pay the several Artificers Bills for Materials found, and Work performed, by them, in the several Houses and Buildings belonging to the said Mint -

Imprested more to him to pay the Warden’s Part of the Diet, together with several Incidents and -Extraordinary Charges and Allowances belonging to the said Mint ——

Imprested more to him for carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners and Clippers, and to discharge the Salary of the Person employed

therein, for One whole Year - -....

Paid the Auditor his Fee with this Account

752 19 —

765 16 —

3,108 15 —

600

84

Total Discharge Total Charge -

1 9

23,672 2 9I

Balance due to this Accountant -

1775, March the 8th, Received out of the Yearly Supplies for 1775, to make up the Deficiency of the Coinage Duties in 1774

Balance due to this Accountant - - - *

30,510 18 114

- £

7,685 19 nf 22,824 19 —

Mint Office, nth March 1775.

ACCOUNT

Surplus Money; Sinking Fund

Earthenware

importation.

Sutton-cum-

Lroand

luclosure.

L.

15 Geo. III. 11° Aprilis.

2pi

ACCOUNT-of Money paid at the Treasury for distempered Cattle, 1774.

Mary Makew -

John Godbolt -

Robert Spink »

Edzvards -

D°....

John Godbolt - -

Afory Makew --

Jeffrey Pearle -

William Keen -

Thomas Barber -

William Catling -

Thomas Dunnett -

D° -

William Syrets -

William Girling -

Jonathan Gibbon *

Charles Palmer - -

D" - -

Henry Collett - -

D° - - - ’ -

Henry Ungles -

D°....

Thomas Barber - -

William Catling -

William Keen -

Williams -

William Girling -

3^# Cattermote - -

Demants -

Gibbons *----- Robert Far den - r - r

y. Pearle - - - *

jl&ry May hew for LolTes by distempered Cattle

i. d.

*47 12 —

49 18 —

9 8 —

18 12 6

1 11 6

9 !3 6

44 l9 9

90 — — -

57 11 3

66 10 3

SI 18 2

54 2 —

2 l7 9

31 7 —

3 7 6

54 18 —

9 *9 6

84 2 —

9 7 6

391 — 2

89 18 IO

3 5 —

4 10 —

55 7 —

56 15 8

53 *7 —

2 *7 6

4 lS —

3 3 —

3 3 —

2 12 6

3 5 —

3 8 3

53 *7

GS3S II 1

149 4 9

1,684 *5 10

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Membefs of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining In the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament; distinguishing the Surplus that remained there on the 5th Day of January 1775, after satisfying the several Charges thereupon; and also the Surplus of the said Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1775.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing n^xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware, the Manufacture of Europe.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sk//o# cum , in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Edward Bentinck, Mr. D’Oyley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 35.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Merchants, Traders, and others, living in the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places following; that is to say, Pinchbeck, Spalding, Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Wkapload , Holbeach, Holbeach Drove, Fleet Gedney, Gedney Hill, Sutton Saint Mary s, Luton (otherwise Sutton Saint Nicholas) Sutton Saint James, Sutton Saint Edmund's, Tyd Saint Mary's, Cozvbitt, Peakill, Crowland, and Great and Little -sand, otherwise Poflland, within the Hundred of Elloe, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rufat being examined, said, That in the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, there are carried on several extensive Branches of Business, Trade, and Commerce, as well in the Inland Parts as upon the River Welland, which employ several Thousand People; many of whom contract small Debts, amounting in the

Whole

Elloe Small Debts.

Ram fey, See. Drainage.

Harvey’s

Estate.

Old Stratford. &c. Roads.

Lea and Mariton, See. indofure.

29a i r° Aprilis. 1775.

Whole to a large Sum of Money Yearly; and although well able to pay the lame, they often reful'e so to do, presuming on the discouragement their Creditors lie under, from the great Expences they are unavoidably put to in suing for such Debts in the County Court, which is upwards of Forty Miles distant from any of the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places; and that if there were an easy and l'peedy Method of recovering small Debts, within the said Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, the same would greatly contribute to promote Industry, and encourage Trade and Credit therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery ot small Debts, within the Hundred of Elbe, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Wyldbore, Lord Bertie, and

Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, IViJlow, War boys, Somersham, Colne,

and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of ^and in the Parishes of Chatteris and within

the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bore. Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

a

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Freehold Ellate, late of Eliah Harvey, Esquire, deceased, called otherwise

ham, situate in the Parishes of Woodford and in the County of Essex, in Trullees, and their Heirs, in Trull, to sell and convey the same as therein mentioned; and for applying the Money arising by Sale thereof for the Benefit of Edward Harvey, an Infant, his only Son, and Heir at Law; And for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bore, Mr. Cator, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

A Bill to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the 1 ith Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the 10th, 13th and 31st Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurck, in the county of ; and for

more effectually amending the said Highways, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, that the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Hungerford,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Andrew Hackel the Younger, of hul, in the County of Warwick, Esquire, was prtfented to the House and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Wane Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and in the Parish of Lea Marston, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parlh of Ciirdworth, in the said County; and that the Petitioner is entitled to every Fourth Turn ’of Presentation to the Vicarage of Curdworth, is Owner of a considerable Ellate in the Liberty of Dunton, and entitled to Right of Common in relpeCl of such Ellate on the Waste Gfotinds in the same Liberty; and that the Petitioner has not had any Application made to him relative to the said Bill, nor any Notice of the lame, till within a few Days last pad; and that there 16

has not been any Notice fixed on the Door o Church, within which Parish the Liberty of Dunton lies, according to the Rules and Orders of the House; and that the Petitioner apprehends the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will prejudice his Interest and Property in the Liberty of Dunton: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now Hands, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea Marston, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Angvlfh and Mr. Pratt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners, for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-five;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for punishing " Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of " the Army and their Quarters;" and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnity Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitois; without any Amendment: and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement and Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor of Adlefrop, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, and Heriditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Part of the Settled Estates of Meliora Dicconfon, the Wife of William Dicconfon, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

Land Tax.

Mutiny

and

Desertion,

(America)

Offices

and

Employments

Adleftrop

Inclosure.

DicconfoC*

Estates,

i5 Geo. III. ii* Aprilis.

293

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Southampton, in the room of Harcourt Pozvell, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Todnam, otherwise in the County of

cester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William GuiJ'e, Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of and sex. Part of the settled Estates of Dicconfon,

the Wife of William Dicconfon, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fiilieries. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fortnight, the 27th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committeee of the whole House, to consider of what Encouragements it may be proper to give to the Fiilieries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Ordered. Account of the Quantity of Train Oil or Blubber imported into this Kingdom for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence it was imported, and the Duty paid thereon.

Ditto.' Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins imported for the last Twenty Years; distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence it was imported, and the Duty paid thereon.

East India Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to

Company. refolye ;tself

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum " of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the " United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, annually, to the Settlements within the

Limits prescribed by their Charter, for their carrying on an exclusive Trade to the East Indies, Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, to a certain Value, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in Vol. 35.

Newtown

Writ.

T odenham lucioiurc.

Dicconfon’s

£.Hate.

a Bill, to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by " Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, annually, Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manu-» fasture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value.

And Sir Charles Whitworth moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer " Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the " Relief of the United Company of Merchants of " England trading to the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, annually. Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Charles TowMr. the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of George Walker, Esquire, Agent for the Island and Colony of Barba does, in the Behalf, and by Order, of the said Colony, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the said Colony have made a considerable Progress in restoring a proper Depth of Water in the Harbour at the Bottom of Carlisle Bay, in the said Island, which they intend to perfect and preserve for the future, and to build convenient Wharfs, according to the original Plans and Estimate now ready to be produced to the House, a Work of great and general Utility to the Navigation of the British Empire, in as much as the said Island is the First Port for all Vessels going to the West Indies, from Europe, Africa, and the greater Part of North America-, and that the said Colony have expended, in the Prosecution of the said Work, the £. 5,000 formerly granted to them by Parliament for that Purpose, together with the annual Produce of certain Duties imposed for the same Use by their own Legislature, amounting to about 2,000 a Year, which Duties they have lately continued until the said Work shall be completed; and that the said Colony already find such Advantages from so much of the Plan as has been executed already, as to render them anxious to finilli it, but are unable to make any greater Exertions themselves: and being sensible that the flow Produce of the Tax is unequal to the Dispatch necessary to be made in completing the Moles intended to break off the Force of the Sea, and to keep out the Sand, even upon a Principle of Frugality, they have directed the Petitioner to make Application on their Behalf to the House, for some further Assistance in this public Undertaking: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give to the said Colony such Relief and Assistance as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

4 F

An

Barbados

Harbour.

Piccadilly Paving ic#

Poor Laws, 6c c.

Ditto*

294 li* Aprilis. 1775.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Inhabitants of such Part of Piccadilly as lies between Berkeley Street and Hyde Park Gate, and of such Part of Park Lane as lies between Piccadilly and the North Side of Hertford Street, to pave, cleanse, and light, the fame, and also to water such Part of Piccadilly as aforesaid; and for repealing the several Laws now in being for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 4. 1. j. To leave out " Five" and insert " Three" instead thereof.

Pr. 24. 1.6. After "the" to insert "Street and" and to leave out "Footway" and insert " Footways" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for watering Pi, from the End of, Berkeley Street, to Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Captain Joh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to review and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England, have Power to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, who were appointed to review and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House , that the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred j and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws relating to the Poor, in that Part of Great Britain called England, are defective, and the good Purposes intended by them in many Respects prevented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Method of regulating such Poor, in separate Parishes and Townships, is, in general, ineffectual for their proper Relief and Employment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Money raised for the Relief of the Poor is a grievous, and, if no new Regulations are made, will be an encreasing, Burthen upon the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a considerable Part of such Money is expended in supporting Litigations concerning Settlements.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the employing of the Infant and Able Poor, in such Works, as may be suited to their Strength and Capacity, will be very beneficial to this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Disputes about Settlements and Removals of the Poor between one Parish, or Place, and another, in the same County, could be prevented, the great Expence attending such Litigations would be saved, the Poor would have an ealier Access to Places where they might find Employment, and would avoid the cruci and severe Treatment which they frequently re-

ceive from the contending Parishes during such Contest.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, if the Poor were to be maintained and employed at one general County Expence, those Disputes would in a great Measure be avoided, the Spirit and Intention of the Statute made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth would be promoted, and the Regulations and Provisions therein contained better inforced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the establishing proper Houses and Buildings, at such Places in each County, as shall be bell situated for the Reception, Accommodation, and Employment, of the several poor and disorderly Persons proper to be lent thither, and for the Convenience of their being duly inspected and attended to, will be the moll eaty and effectual Method for relieving the impotent, and employing the able, Poor.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Care should be taken, in the providing and establishing of such Houses and Buildings, for properly classing and employing the several Persons admitted therein , for which Purpose, and in order to the establishing a System of good Regulations, it m^y be proper to inspect the several Bye-Laws, Rules, Regulations, and Ordinances, constituted in the several Houses of Industry and Public Workhouses established under special Acts of Parliament within this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better Government of the said Houses, and carrying the intended Regulations into Execution, every Person having an Ellate of f. 100 per,

in England, and f. So per Annum, in Wales, shall be a

Governor of the Poor, for the County wherein he resides, provided such Estate, or One Half thereof, shall lie in such County; and that there shall be one General Meeting of the Governors for such County, on a Day and Place to be fixed; at which Meeting the y shall determine the Places where the Buildings before described shall be ere died, and also what Parishes shall return their Rates and Accounts, and have their Correspondence and Transactions with each of such Houses, according to their Situation and Vicinity, as near as conveniently may be; which Houses and Parishes shall be distinguished by the Name of the First, Second, (Ac. District; and that there shall be One Annual General Meeting of the Governors, at each of the said Houses, on feme certain Day to be fixed; and allb one Monthly Meeting of the said Governors, at the same Place, in the First Week in every Month, on a certain Day to be appointed by them; and that such Governors may, at their annual Meeting, elect, from Time to Time, such other Persons, residing in such County, and having Estates of such Value in the Dominions of Great Britain, as they shall think fit to be Governors, provided the Numbers so elected shall not exceed, at any one Time, a certain Number to be limited for each County, which Number shall, at such First General Meeting of the Governors at large, be distributed between the several Houses then to be fixed upon, as they shall think fit, and Election made accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Governors shall, at their Annual Meeting, appoint so many Persons, to be Guardians of the Poor, for the several Parishes, Townships, and Places, belonging to each House, as they shall think fit, having Estates of £. 25 per Annum or occupying Lands, (Ac. of f. 50 per Annum within such County j but no Person shall act as Guardian within any Parish, Township, or Place, whilst he shall be Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

15 Geo. III. 11° 295

That there shall be aTreasurer and Clerk, and affo a Master and Matron, appointed by the said Governors, for each of the said Houses, at the First Meeting of the Governors after the said Houses shall be fit for the Reception of the Poor, and proper Salaries allowed to each of them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the poor PeFfons, being lame, impotent, old, or blind, who are unable to work, or who cannot maintain themselves by their Labour, but stand in Need of Relief, shall be sent, from the respective Parishes and Places where they reside, to the said Houses, and there accomodated with every Thing suited to their several Necessities and Occasions; and such of them who shall be able to work, employed in Labour suited to their Strength and Capacity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the orderly and industrious Poor, who, from accidental Sickness, Infirmities, or other unavoidable Causes, shall be rendered unable to maintain themselves and their Families by their Labour, may have temporary Relief from the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes or Places where such Poor relide, with the Approbation of Two or more of the said Guardians, in such Manner as shall be most fui table to their Necessities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Infant Poor, under the Age of Four Years, who have lost their Parents, or whole Parents are unable to maintain them, and shall be willing to part with them, may, by the Direction of Two or more of the said Guardians, be put out to nurse in that or fbme neighbouring Parish, until they shall be fit to receive Instruction,. and from that Time shall be sent to the House to which such Parish or Place shall belong, to be instructed in all necessary Duties, and employed in such Manner as shall be most suitable to their Age and Capacities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Infant Poor, above the Age of Four Years, who have lost their Parents, or whose Parents are unable to maintain them, may, by the Direction of Two or more of the said Guardians, be sent to the House to which such Parish or Place shall belong, to be instructed in all necessary Duties, and employed as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That each of such Children respectively, when of proper Age to be placed out Apprentice, or to Service, shall be so placed out by the Governors, but if, at any Time, their Parents shall apply to the Governors, to have their Children returned before so placed out, and it shall be made appear to such Governors that the Parents are able to maintain them, the Governors shall order them to be returned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Overseers of the Poor shall, in the last Week in every Month, send to the Treasurer of the House to which their Parish or Place belongs, according to the Regulations aforesaid, a true Account of all the Expences incurred relative to the Poor within such Parish or Place, for the Four Weeks next preceding the Week in which such Accounts shall be sent, after the feme respectively shall have been produced to Two or more of the said Guardians, and allowed by them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Treasurer and Clerk shall make an Account of all Receipts and Payments within each Month, to be laid before the Governors at their Monthly Meetings; and shall also make, and lay before the Governors at such Meetings, Abstracts of the Expences ipeurred within the several Parishes by such Relief or Provisions aforesaid, pointing out the particular Ob-jed of such Expences, for the better Observation and Consideration of such Governors.

Vol. 35.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Governors, at their Monthly Meetings, shall in-- sped and examine all such Accounts, and if they find Cause to suspect that there has been Mismanagement, or any improper Behaviour therein, they may order the Persons concerned in such Transactions to appear before them at their next Monthly Meeting, provided the Place where such Matter arises shall not be more than Ten Miles from such House, and then and there enquire into the same upon Oath, and make such Order and Regulation therein as to them shall appear just and reasonable; if the Place shall exceed that Distance, the said Governors may grant an Order for the Persons so concerned to attend some neighbouring Justice of the Peace, at such Time and Place as he shall appoint, which shall be notified to the Persons so concerned, and such Justice shall, in like Manner, enquire into the fame, and make such Order and Regulation therein as to him shall seem fit.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That, for carrying the several Purposes aforesaid into Execution, Adefiinents shall be made, by Order of the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, upon every Parish, Township, and Place, within each County, according to the Proportion of Money raised within such Parishes and Places respectively, and applied on Account of the Poor,-upon a Medium of the Seven preceding Years; the Mode of ascertaining the Sums so raised to be particularly directed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Accounts from each of such Houses shall be made up Quarterly, and laid before the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Houses are situate, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, who shall in sped the fame, and make Orders for the Sums to be raised within the succeeding Quarter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Parish, Township, or Place, shall be compelled to contribute more, in any One Year,-than such Average Sum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, if it shall be made appear to the Justices, at their Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, that a Reduction may be made in the said several Assessments, and that such Average Sum, for any Parish, Township, or Place, exceeds Four Shillings in the Pound, of the Annual Value of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within such Parish, Township, or Place, upon a fair Valuation thereof made by Persons to be appointed by such Justices, at the Expence of such Parish, Township, or Place; then, and in that Cafe, such Court of Quarter Sessions shall, in all their. Orders for future Assessments, consider the Average. Sum, for such Parish, Township, or Place, at One Fifth Part of the Annual Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be ascertained as aforesaid, instead of the Average Sum so first settled.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That each Riding in the County of York, and Division: of the County of Lincoln, and each District, City, Town, or Place, where more Parishes than one are incorporated for Relief of the Poor, by special Acts of Parliament, shall, with respect to all the Purposes of these intended Regulations, be considered as distinct Counties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That these Regulations shall not take Effect in any County, until ordered by Two Parts in Three of the Persons qualified as aforesaid to be Governors, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, after Two Months Notice thereof given in the public News Paper* circulated in that County, and signed by at lead Fifteen Persons so qualified.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Weeks, the Second Day of May next.

Ordered,

Poor Laws* Uo.

Poor Laws,

&c.

296 ii® — 12° Aprilis. 1775.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Matters, Governors, and Officers, having the Care and Direction of the several Houses of Industry or Public Workhouses established by Acts of Parliament, specially made for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, do, on or before the 24th Day of June next, transmit to the Clerk of this House, in order to be by him laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Parishes in each District, City, Town, or Place, wherein any such House has been so established; the Money raised Annually by such Parishes, under such Acts of Parliament, within the lait Three Years, or since such Establishment, the Expences for their Buildings, and how and to what Purposes such Buildings are adapted; the Number of Poor contained therein, at Midsummer and Christmas in each Year, distinguishing the Able, the Aged, Infirm, and Infant, Poor, and also the Number in each of those Classes who died in each of such respective Houses within each of the said Years; how, and in what Labour or Manufacture, the Poor have been employed in each of such Houses, and the annual Amount of the Net Money earned by them; the annual Expences in maintaining them, distinguishing how much for Food, Cloathing, and Fuel, respectively, and also how much for Salaries and Allowances to Officers, and how much for other incidental Expences, within each of the said Years; and also the Amount of the Money paid or allowed within the said Parishes, in each of the said Years, on Account of the Poor who were not lent to the said Houses of Industry or Work-houses; likewise an Account of what Money has been borrowed by virtue of the said respective Acts, and how much thereof has been discharged within each of the said Years, and what Part thereof remains unpaid; and also Copies of all their Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations.

Ordered, That the Clerks of the Peace and Treasurers, or One of them, within the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Liberties, and Precincts, and the Town Clerks and Treasurers, or One of them, in the several Cities and Towns Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain called England, do lay before the Justices of the Peace, for each respective County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Precinct, City, and Town Corporate, holding Quarter Sessions of the Peace, at their next Midsummer General Quarter Sessions, an Account of the several Sums of Money expended within their respective Jurisdictions, for apprehending, and also in passing, of Vagrants, within the last Three Years, distinguishing each Year; and also how much Money has been expended in each of the said Years on Account of the several Houses of Correction, within their respective Jurisdictions; how many Persons have, in each of the said Years, been confined within such Houses of Correction, for Employment in Hard Labour and Correction; how, and in what Manner, such Persons have been employed, and what Net Money has been earned by' their Labour, within each of the said Years; and that the Governors, and other Persons having the Care or Management of the several Houses of Correction, do give ail Assistance and Information in their Power, in making up the said Accounts; and the Justices of the Peace, at their said Quarter Sessions, within their respective Jurilclidtions, are required to inspect and certify the same to this House; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and Treasurers, or One of them, do immediately afterwards transmit such Accounts and Certificates to the Clerk of this-House, in order that the same may be by him laid before this House,

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Leftees, Owners, and Occupiers, of Stratford Place, in the County of dlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, watch, and fence in, the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be read a Second Time upon Fortnight, the

27th Day of this Instant April.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12* die;

Anno 15° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Rill for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of M.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Passages, within the Town and Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex-, and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and public Passages, within the Town of and Parts adjacent, within the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly

Watch therein, and a Patrole between the said Town and London.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehonfe and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex-, and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to H and

Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road, from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act‘ for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Hinton' Mertell, otherwise Hinton Martell, in the County of Dorset, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson' of the Church of Fringfo rd, otherwi in the County of Oxford, belonging to the Right honourable Mary Countcls Dowager of Shaftesbury was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

Stratford Place, Mary-le-bone Paving, &c«

Highgate ( M idcUe(ea) Nightly Watch.

Hampstead

(Middlelci)

Nightly

Watch.

Highgate

and

Hampstead

Roads*

Hinton Martell, Stc. Exchange of Advowioa,

15 Geo. III. 12* dipril 297

Resolved, That the Bill do pais. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Ordered, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the Houi~.

Lords 5 and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

to the same without any Amendment. . Papers of this Session.

Accounts The House being: informed that Mr. Tomkyfts, from The House being informed that Mr. ,from. Accounts

presented. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called presented. Door; he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. the House, purfyant to their Orders, to their Orders,

- An Account of the Quantity of Salt imported into An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, the several British Colonies of North America, from the made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session.

5th Day of January 1775 to the 8th Day of September of Parliament, intituled " An Act for raising a certain,

1767 j distinguishing each Colony, and each Year: And " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bilk, for the also, ' " Service of the Year 1774: And allb.

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Rape An Account of the Money remaining in the Re-.

Seed imported into that Part of Great Britain, called ceipt of the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the

England’, for Five Years last past, as far as the tame Disposition of Parliament; distinguishing the Surplus

can be made up: distinguishing the Quantity imported that remained there on the 5th Day of January 1775,

from Ireland and distinguishing the Amount of the after satisfying the several Charges thereupon, and also

.Duties in each Year: And allb, the Surplus of the said Fund for the Quarter ended the

An Account of the Imports from North America to 5th Day of April 1775. the British West India Islands, for Three Years past j And then he withdrew.

distinguishing each Year, and from what Provinces. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And then he withdrew. The laid Accounts are as followed*; viz.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

r *

To the Honourable 1 the' Knights-, "Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by Virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bilk, for the Service of the Year 1774."

1 ‘ 1 ' f

The Exchequer Bilk, made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million, Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds. ‘

Exchequer, the 12 th Day of April 1775.

E. Wilford.

4

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament; distinguishing the Surplus that remained there on the 5th Day ot January 177$, after satisfying the several Charges thereupon, and also the Surplus of the said Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1775. , ’

v. J

The Surplus of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th Day of January 1775, after satisfying the several Charges thereupon, amounts to the Sum of - -

The Surplus of the said Fund, for the Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1775 -

., o

The Surplus of the Sinking Fund remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition. of Parliament - - - -....

Exchequer, the 12th Day of April 1775.

E.

/. 11,220 10 lO-

884,447 3' — i

895,686 13 10

miford.

Vol. 35.

Sir

Tweed

Fisheries.

Koftpwell

Inclosure.

London Paving: Bridewell Fsccind.

Elloe Small Debts.

Beaconsfield

Road.

JJitto.

Long

Itchington,

&c.

Inclosure.

98 120 AprU 1775.

Sir Thomas Clavertng reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for " regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the

" lame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the laid River," was committed $ That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Bouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable lands, within the Parish of Knafwell, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Wyldbore, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted " by several Acts or Parliament, for making, enlarging, " amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and " Sewers, within the City of , and Liberties

thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the " Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paf-" {ages, and Places, and preventing and removing Ob- structions and Annoyances within the same;" and for empowering the Commissioners under the said Act to pave, cleanse, and light, that Part of the great Street which leads from Fleet Street to Black Fryars Bridge, which lies within Bridewell Precinct, and for preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mf. Alderman Oliver, &c.: and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wyldbore presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts, within the Hundred of , in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Beacmsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford: And tire feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Holte reported from the Committee to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places of Long Itchington and Bafcote, in the County of Warwick was com-18

mitted; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, in the Township of Long in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Lands within the said Township, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satis&ftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time^ One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyttleton do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for watering Piccadilly, from the End of Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Sir Ediuard AJtley repeated from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of and

Launditch, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the major Part of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of East Dearham, in the Cotinty of Norfolk; and also, the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments within the Hundreds of Mitford and LaoauFtch, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; that the Committee had considered the first-mentioned Petition; no Counsel appearing on Behalf of the second-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend' ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to tfre House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dejivered the Biff, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 3 2d Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to the ImprL " fbnment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a " certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are " mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and " deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors " Benefit;" and to prevent Aftjons being brought upon Judgments, without L^ave of the Court ‘or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up respectively, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

R.efolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. , - 7

Resolved,

Piccadilly

Paving,

&c.

Mitford,

&c.

Poor*

Insolvent*

Debtors.

15 Geo. III.

ii

Apritis.

*99

Buckingham House:

Queen*

Rcudence.

{Sreent’t

'Divorce.

Highgate

and

Hampstead

Roads.

St. Paul, Covent GaVden, Poor, 5cc.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the i ft Day of May next, resolve itfelfinjoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord North acquainted the House, that he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty} and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth j viz.

GEORGE R.

' His Majesty, being delirous that a bettef and a more suitabie Accommodation should be made for the Residence of the Queert, in case She shall survive His Majesty, and being willing that the Palace in which His Majesty now resides, lately known by the Name of Buckingham House, and now called The Queen's ,may be settled for that Purpose, in lieu of Somerset , recommends it to His faithful Commons to take the same into their Consideration; and to make Provision for settling the said Palace upon Her Majesty; and for appropriating Somerset House to such Uses as shall be found most bene* ficial for the Public.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine contiadicente, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the z6th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty’s laid most Gracious Message into Consideration.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act , to dissolve the Marriage of Robert , Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise his now Wife*

and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Three ’Weeks, the 8 th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill} and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex', and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road, from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgware Road near Paddington, lb far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said Aril-mentioned Acts; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden.,in the County of

to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish i and for providing a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c. j And they are to meet

Vol. 35.

Accountant General’s Offices, Lincoln's Incu

Broad well

See.

Inclosure.

Argyll Road* &c.

Trent and Mersey Canal.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in A Bill for Copy Right enabling the Two Universities to hold in Perpetuity rjniverfities the Copy Right in Books, for the Advancement of ufefol Learning, and other Purposes of Education, within the said Universities: And that the Lord North,

Mr. Croftes, Mr. Thomas Tovtnshend, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Page, and Mr. Jackson, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Anguish and Mr,

Pratt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's lim, in the County of Middlesex, in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the said Court} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlets or Tithings of Broadwell and Filkins, in the Manor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broadwell

Saint John, in the County of Owithout any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges, in the Shire of Argyll} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and render more effectual. Two Acts, passed in tfre Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the,

River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap } *

without any Amendment} And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Huntingdon* for incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of *

poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, within the &c."* County of Huntingdon , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Clerkenwell for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Poor* &c. Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of §aint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down the the Common Gaol of the County of Hertford, and for building a new Gaol in a more commodious Situation} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse in the said Parish} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Closes, Common Grounds, Heath, and W afte Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great voright, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitued. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the Representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty from William Williams, deceased} without any Amendment: And also.

The

Hertford

Gaol.

Mars-Ie-borm

Poor.

Rolewright

Inclosure.

Williams* Debt to the Crown.

joo i 2° jpdlif.1775'.

Wielding The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An nc o ure. for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea-

dows, . Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Nottingham-, with an Amendment to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hindon Mr. Dundas presented to the House, according- to Election. Order, a Bill to incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament -y and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of WiltsAnd the same was received} and read the First

Time.

The House was moved, that the Four First Refo-hitions, which were reported from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine, the Merits of the Petition of James Esquire, and Richard

Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read ’ accordingly} and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Richard Smith, Esquire, by his’ "Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in " procuring himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the '* Borough of Hindon, in the Couilty of Wilts."

" Resolved, That Tho Esquire, by- his Agents, has been guiliy of notorious Bribery, in " procuring himself to be elected and returned a Bur- gels to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Hindon."

" Resolved, That James Calthorpe, Efejuire, by His* Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in '*0h-. deavouring to procure himself to be elected' and returned a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament " for the said Borough of ."

. " Resolved, That Richard Beckford, Esquire, has, by

his Agent, endeavoured, by Promise of Money, to . procure himself to be elected and returned a Burgess

" to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Hindon." Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the said Bill, and - of the Order for reading- it a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight^ the 26th Day of this Instant April, be served on all the several Persons named therein. *

Ordered, That leaving the said Copies at the last-Places of Abode, within the said-Borough, of- the Per-. fons named in the said Bill, be deemed good Service.

Ordered, That Francis Mead, Glover, do attend th’ri House, upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of thnf Instant April. 1

Ordered, That Thomas } Carpenter, do attend

this House, at the same Time. ’

Ordered, That John Becket, Baker, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Becket, Son of William } Bricklayer, do attend this House, at the same time. 1 Ordered, That John do attend this House,

at the feme Time. *

Ordered, That William Crabb, Cutler, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Penny, Son of William Penny\ do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Richardson do - attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas More do attend this House, at the same Time.

16

' Mr Feilde, from Hie Select' Committee, who were Haflemne

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti-' ^leitlon*

tion of William Burke and Henry Kelly, Esquires} and-

also, the Petition of the several Persons whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Freeholders, and

legal Voters, of the Borough of Ha n the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants,

Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the: laid Borough, -severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, acquainted the House, that the said Committee had received an Application from the Petitioners and Sitting Members, to desire that the Committee would move the House, for Leave to ad-'-journ during the Recess at Easter, as such an Adjournment would be of great Convenience to the said Parties., in the further Hearing of the Merits of their Petition before the said Committee; and that the Committee were, delirous of adjourning for some Days during the Recess of the House for the Eastei* Holidays} and had there-, fore directed him to move the House, that the said Committee might have Leave to adjourn till Friday the.

28 th Day of this Instant April. _ x

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And thelarrie being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to* adjourn till Friday the 28 th Day of this Instant April....

- The House was moved, that the Resolution of the ' Korrh House' of Thursday last, "That this House will not, in Berwick, this Session of Parliament, take into Consideration any ' *5;

".of the Petitorts presented to the House, complaining . ec ion*

" of.an undue Election or Return of Members to serve " in -Parliament/ 'which are appointed to be heard,

" after the Petition of Sir Alexander -Gilmour, of Craig- ’

" miller. Baronet, and the several other Petitions, com-,

" plaining of an undue Election and Return' for the*

" Boroughs of North Berwick, Haddington, ,’

" Jedburgh, and Dunbar, the said Petitions being the " last appointed to be taken into Coqsideration before1 " the Pecels of the House for the Eajrer Holidays," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly, *

The House was moved, that the several Orders made upon the 8th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 25th-Day of this-j-, ’*' Instant the Petition of Sir

Baronet, and also the Petition of SebaJUan quire, Provost, Thomas Milter and Sebastian Junior, -Baillies, Captain James Spinal, James Thamfoh,

Andrew Small, John Roxburgh, Alexander Thomson, arxf Robert - Brown, Counsellors, George Hutton, Treasurer,-.

John KFcaldie, Dean of Guild, Alexander Shiall and’..!

George Dundas. Deacons,- being the Magistrates arid7.

Council of the Bti-gh of Inverkeithing, elected- by the- ' fegal Voters in the said Burgh, and of William Stewart,

Robert Wl/fon, David RuJJel, and John Cook, late con-’ ftituent Metribers of the said1 Burgh, and also the Peti-’ tion of John Wi/fon, Esquiod, Junior, Provost, and ffolin-Witfori, Younger, Second Baillie, William y

Esquire, Dean of Guild, Alexander Treasurer,

Robert-- Ireland, and Thomas George, Esquires, old Bail-lies, Wildam Hunt, Esquire, old Dean of Guild, Wil-

liam- Stobie,- Esquire, old Treasurer, Adam Morrison arid ' David Scotland, 'Merchant Counselldrs, William,

Trades Counsellor, Alexandet Young, Deacon' of the Shoetnakfers, John Ingles, Deacon of the* Masons, and James Kinloch', Deacon of the Fleshers, being the Provost, Magistrates, and’ Council, of the -Buveft of Dum~ ferrriUne, _chofen by the Majority of legal1 Voters at the General Election made at Michhclmas 1774, and of John Scotland, Merchant Counsellor of the said -Burgh}

-and

Bcdion.

Cardigan

Eiodkxu

Selkirk

Election.

Scaford

Election.

15 Geo. III. ia° Aprili301

and also the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and sideration upon Friday the 16th Day of next, at Town Council, of the Burgh of Stirling, in Behalf of Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the After-themselves and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of noon, the said Burgh, and also the Petition of the Magistrates

and Town Council of the Burgh of Queensferry, in Be- The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Peterborough half of themselves and the whole Inhabitants and Bur- the 8 th Day of December last, for taking into Confide- Election. gestes of the said Burgh; severally complaining of an ration, upon , the 12 th Day of May next, the Pe-

undue Election and Return for the Boroughs of Stir- tition of James , of the City of Peterborough, in

ling, Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, Culrofs, and Queensferry, the County of Northampton, Esquire, complaining of

might be read. an undue Election and Return for the said City, might

And the said Orders being read accordingly; be read.

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con- Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

sideration upon Monday the 12th Day of June next, at Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Corn*

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. sideration upon Saturday the 17th Day of June next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the several Orders, made upon the 8 th Day of December last, for taking The House was moved, that the several Orders, made Malden into Consideration, upon Friday the 28 th Day of this upon the 9th and 19th Days of December last, for taking Election. Instant April, the Petition of the Honourable John Lut- into Consideration, upon the 16th Day of May

trel, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole next, the Petition of the Right honourable Drigue Lord *

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Waltham, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and also the Pe-Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of tition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto Petersfield, in the County of Southampton; severally com- subscribed. Freemen of the Borough of Malden, in the plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and other Borough, might be read. Freemen of the said Borough, severally complaining of

And the said Orders being read accordingly; an undue Election and Return for the said Borough

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. might be read.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con- And the said Orders being read accordingly; sideration upon Tuesday, the 13th Day of June next. Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Af- Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con-ternoon. sideration upon Monday the 19th Day of June next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the several Orders, made upon the 8 th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 2d Day of May next, the Petition of Thomas Johnes, the Younger, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Boroughs of Cardigan, AberyJlwith, and Lampeter, on Behalf of themselves and other legal Burgesses of the said Boroughs, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 14th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 8 th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday the 5 th Day of May next, the Petition of James Dundas, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Selkirk, Peebles, Linlithgow, and Lanark, might be read.

And the said Order being read.accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 15th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the several Orders, made Carnarvon upon the 9 th and 16 th Days of December last, for taking Eloftion. into Consideration, upon Friday the 19th Day of May next, the Petition of Sir Thomas Wynn, Baronet; and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders, of the County of severally

complaining of an undue Election and Return for tht laid County, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 20th Day of June next, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the Ordef, made upon Totnest the 9th Day of December last, for taking into Confide- Election. ration, upon Tuesday the 23d Day of May next, the Petition of Peter Burrell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 21st Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the several Orders, made upon the 8 th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Tuesday the 9th Day of May next, the Petition of Stephen Sayre and John Esquires,

and also the Petition of several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being duly qualified to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors for the said Town and Port, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Con-

Vol. 35.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 9 th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday the 26th Day of May next, the Petition of James Townsend Oswald, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Royal Boroughs in Scotland, which consist of Dyfart, Kirkaldy, Bruntisland, and King horn, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursdaythe 2 2d Day of next, at

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Dyfart

Election.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon

4 H the

EH?nhtin>V Election

Dumbnrton

Election.

Barnstaple

Election.

Six Clerks Offices, s Lincoln’s Inn

30a \2° Jprilis.^.1775,

the 12th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, uf£>n Tuesday the 30th Day of May next, the Petition of James Francis Erskine, Esquire, complaining

of an undue Election and Return for the City of Edinburgh, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 23d Day of June next, at Five Minutes before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 12 th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday the 2d Day of June next, the Petition of the Honourable George Keith complaining

of an undue Election and Return for the County of Dumbarton, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Saturday the 24th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 12 th Day of December last, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday the 9th Day of June next, the Petition of Dennis Rolle, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Jiaple, in the County of Devon, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 26 th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for applying the Funds provided for re-building the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, and for erecting " Offices for the Register and Accountant General of " the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, " Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in " such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane\ and for other Purposes: And the same was received i and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Macartney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise Cuttefden, in the Parish of Ereedon, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable 'Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise Cuttefden, in the Parish of Breedon, in the County of fVorcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within, New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, PaflTages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the County of Midnot comprized in an Act, passed in the nth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned, was read the Third-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within, New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Shadwell, in

the County of Middlesex, not comprized in an Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Sawbridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st December 17 74.-

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy

Rape

Seed.

Cutfden,

Sec.

Indufure.

Shadwell,

See.

Streets.

Estimate presented; Navy.

4

f 5 Geo. III.

12°

Navy Office, 7 An E S TI M AT E of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the , Heads hereafter ioth February 1775.3 mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1774.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course for Premium allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - - - -For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into JHis Majesty’s several Yards, tec. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1774, as dfo to several Bills of Exchange ——

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 3 1 fl December 1774 - -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeon’s Necessaries, Free Gifts, fcfr. - -....

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate, received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1774 - -

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and Contingencies relating to the said Office.....- -

The Total Amounts to the Sum of Two million Four hundred Fifty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Seventeen Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny -

Particulars.

£ s.

1,060,802 19 64,289 6 4

77,851 10 4

79,266 -

70,256 l6

111 >345 4 77

46b,397 16 3

41,111 18 4.

17,638 18 4

435>2CO 1 4

11,617 2 —

3,681 11 10 6,176 15 10 .

as on the other Side.

From whence deducing, the Money in the Treasurer’s Hands - -

And also the Money that remained to come in of the Supplies The Debt will then be One million Eight hundred six thousand One hundred Pounds Eight Three Pence -

Shillings

Eighty and

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between ift January 1774 and 31st December following -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between ift January 1774 and the 31st December following, amounts to ——

For which Sum of 55,376. 2,s. od.j- no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Nett Debt of the Navy will then be One million Eight hundred Thirty thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny -

*75.397 5

398,319 15 6 if

40,449 18 9'

14 >926 3 3l.

TOTAL.

£' s- d.

1.35^466 12 it

620,854 19 2r

474,116 9 4

12.379 8 3»

2,459.817 9 8*

573.7*7 1 Si

1,886,100 8 3

55,376 2 — i

1,830,724 6 2±

Vi

II. Palliser. J. Williams. Geo. Marsh. T. Brett. W. Palmer. R. Temple.

OL.

Memorandum;

U4

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

j

Mcitiovnndum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1774,'in Money, as under-mentioned, and maybe reckoned . towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

f ON THE HEADS OF

Izi, what Treasurer’s Hands. IN MONEY. r 1 A TOTAL.

Wer.r and I car. Ordinary and Transports. Seamen 3 Wages. Victual*.

1 £- 5» d. L s. d. £ s. d. £ J.

Right honourable George C In Money - -- - - -- -- - 7.502 H 75 3.853 9 8 a>379 19 11 I 13,880 1 1 6

Gfenville, Esquire \ D" towards the Debt for Sick'and Hurt Seamen - 144 »3 o-V - - " - i

Right honourable JVm- fin Money - -- - 6,926 II 9 4,292 I 7* \ 1,640 7 711 12,894 I I IOj

Lord Viscount Barrington I D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 35 IO IO| - i

Right honourable RA fin Money - -- - isM 3 61 15.334 I I 51 2,751 7 91? 33.729 3*

Lord Viscount Hoive ID* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 19 12 6 - 5 7

Right honourable Sir Gil- fin Money - -- - 7°>797 3 38,240 7 I I 3.553 2 4 X 114,892 A

bert Elliot, Baronet {D° towaids the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 2,301 *5 4i - - i 7 J*-

100,850 5 6i 64,22a 2 8 10,324 l7 8* - - - 175.397 5 Hi

£ d.

There remained on the 31st December 1774 to come in from the Exchequer of the Supplies of the Year 1774. - - - - 398,319 15 6£

r

8.

12° Aprilis. A. 1775.

15 Geo. III. 12°. Jprilis. 305

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Plymouth A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of i^*bonr. mouth., and of the Merchants and Commanders of Ships and Vessels using the Port thereof, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Port of Plymouth is one of the principal Places in this Kingdom for building, harbouring, repairing, and fitting out, the Navy; and that there is, within the said Port, an Harbour, called Cat-watery which is of great Consequence to this Kingdom as a Place of Resort for small Ships of War, and Store Ships, and Transports used in his Majesty’s Service, as also of such other Ships as Sail toward the West, or come from thence; and that the said Harbour is Ihel-tered from the Main Sea by a Neck of Laud, called Hoe Stcrt, or Mount Bathe Banks of which were

formerly secured from the Incroachment of the Sea by Edge Stone Walls that are now in a ruinous Condition, and in great Danger, without timely Prevention, of being entirely destroyed; whereby the said Harbour would be rendered useless, and the Passage through the Sound would become difficult and dangerous; and that the said Edge Stone Walls appear to have been built in, or soon after, the Year 1637, by the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of , who were

enabled to defray the Expence thereof by a Grant from the Crown of certain Duties on Ships using the said Port, and the Members thereof, for the Term of Three Years, and of the Perpetual, Sole, and Exclusive, Privilege of ballasting all Ships and Vessels within the Sound and Harbour of Catwater and; which

Privilege hath ceased to belong to the said Mayor and Commonalty for the Space of Sixty Years and upwards, having been diverted out of that Body by Parliament, and granted for a long Term of Years, which is dill l'ubfifting, to a private Person, by an Act, passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the deepening and cleansing of the said Harbour, the Repair of those Walls making no Part of the Consideration for which the said Privilege was conferred; so that they seem to have been Objects that (material as they were at that Time) escaped the Attention of the Legislature, which probably hath been the Cause of their Decay; and that, upon consulting able and experienced Workmen, it appears that the most effectual Method of securing the said Neck of Land, will be to erect fence Walls, agreeable to the Plan annexed to the Petition, marked N® 1; and that there is, within the said Port, a Pool of Water, called Sutton Pool, lying in the Bosom of the said Town of Plymouth, which is capable of being rendered, as it formerly was, of great Ule and Advantage, as well to His Majesty’s Ships, for their Supply of Provisions, as to all Merchants who have Occasion to bring up their Vessels to load or unload at the Custom House and other Quays lying within the said Town; and that some Years ago there flood a Mole at the Mouth or Entrance of the said Pool, which rendered the same much more safe and commodious for the Purposes aforesaid, than it is at present, which Mole is now in Ruins; by Means whereof the said Quays have been so much exposed, that they have incurred frequent Dangers, and arc greatly run to decay, and the Landing Place is become very unsuitable to an Harbour of such Importance; and that the Pool is likely to become wholy unserviceable for the Uses aforesaid, if due Care be not forthwith taken for preserving the fame; and that the said Mole was, till the Time of its Deftnnftion, the Property of the said Mayor and Commonalty; and Vot. 35.

was, as the said Quays and Landing Place (the Property likewise of the said Corporation) now are, kept in Repair by the said Mayor and Commonalty, by Means of certain Port Duties, but whether the said Mole was originally built at the Expence of the said Mayor and Commonalty, or at the Expence of the Public, doth not now certainly appear; and that the Amount of the said Duties have been very much lessened since the Establishment of a Royal Dock in Hamoaze, which has given a Check to, and very much reduced, the Trade of the said Port, by reason (it is imagined) of the Hazard of being impressed, to which it exposes Seamen retorting thither in the Merchants Service; and that the Fund arising from the said Duties is not now (if it ever was) a competent Provision for the building of the said Mole; and that if a neW and convenient Mole, agreeable to the Plan annexed to the Petition, marked N° 2, was erected in or near the Place of the old, it would not only restore the said Pool to its former Utility, but would likewise afford a safe Retreat in tempestuous Weather to Boats, Lighters, and Tenders, engaged in the Service of Government (particularly to those attendingHis Majesty’s Victualling Office) and probably to several Ships of War, as well as Merchant Ships, when driven from their Anchors in the Sound by such Winds as hinder them from running into Hamoaze-, and that the Corporation and Inhabitants of the said Borough are unable to bear the Expence of completing the said Works; and that, necessary as they are for a Port of such Consequence to this Kingdom, the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying for such Relief and Assistance as to the House shall seem meet and re-quisite for an Undertaking so conducive to the Service of the Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barrington, Sir Charles Hardy, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chan*-ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, that the Petition of George Barbados Walker, Esquire, Agent for the I (land and Colony of Harbouf. Barbadoes, in the Behalf, and by Order, of the said Colony, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex^ amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Burke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have’ Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, that the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account current of the Trustees' of the British Museum, to February 1775, be referred to'

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading into thei Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

41 Ordered,

r

1

jo 6

12" — 13" A prills.

A. 1775.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Services Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Commit- . incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard tee.

Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, be- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, tween the 22d of April 1774 and the 8th of March 1775, Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, be referred to the said Committee. That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of main- directed him to report, when the House will please to taining and supporting/the Civil Establishment of His receive the same.

Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1775, be Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow referred to the said Committee. Morning.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish- Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, ment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other in- that he was directed by the Committee to move. That cidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of they may have Leave to fit again.

June 1774 to the 24th of June 1775, be referred to the Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

said Committee. night, the 26th Day of this Instant April, refoive itself '

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish- into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur-ment of His Majesty’s Province of Rajl Florida, and ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the granted to His Majesty.

34th of June 1774 to the 24th of June 17 75, be referred

to the said Committee. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establish- Account of the public Debts standing out at the Re- Ordered , ment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and ceipt of the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January last, PubllcDcl>^ other Incidental Expenses attending the fame, from the with the Annual Interest payable thereon.

24th of June 1774 to the 24th of June 1775, be referred

to the said Committee. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attend- Pratt: ing General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in Mr Speaker,

North America, for the Year 1775, be referred to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act New Jerfejr, said Committee. to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies &.c*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of sup- of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and c ri ion* porting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the - South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Islands in the West Indies, under certain Conditions and Africa, situate between the Port of Sallee, in South Bar- Limitations; without any Amendment. bary, and Cape Rouge, (ox the Year 1775, be referred to And then the Messengers withdrew, the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the The House proceeded to take into Consideration Hickling Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Inclosure. in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act tituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1774/’ in the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Notting-be referred to the said Committee. ham.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- And the said Amendment was read; and is as fof-

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, the House.

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the had directed him to report, when the House will please Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House to receive the same. hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ships.

Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, And then the‘House adjourned till Tomorrow That he was directed by the Committee to move, that Morning, Ten of the Clock,

they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 26th Day of this Instant April, refoive itself — - " ’

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur-

ther of the Supply granted to His Majesty. J \

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House. Anno 150 Georgii IIItn Regis, 1775.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. Prayers.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining /JRDERED, That Mr. Whitworli do carry to the Hickling in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, Lords, the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for indolure, for the Disposition of Parliament, distinguishing the dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows. Corn-Surplus that remained there on the 5th Day of Janu- mons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hick-ary 177J, after satisfying the feveiai Charges there- Eng, in the County of Nottingham; and acquaint them, upon, and also the Surplus of the said Fund, for the that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made Quarter ended the 5th Day of April 1775, be referred to by their Lordships to the said Bill, the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Ordered, That Mr. Eden do make the Report from Supply, mittee. # the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. ferred

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 1. Leave out " mod’' and insert " Right '*

instead thereof.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by

o

15 Geo. III.

13* Aprilis.

307

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Eden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Sixty-two thousand Five hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence and One Eighth Part of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, *nd other Services, incurred between the 22d Day of April 1774 and the Eighth Day of March 1775, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of the Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year

*775*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand and Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1774 to the 24th of June 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon. Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 1774 to the 24th of June

*775- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1774 to the 24th of June 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand three hundred and Thirty-six Pounds and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for defraying the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the Year

1775- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out Vol. 3$.

by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum " of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year 1774," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do make the Report from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Mean# ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Eden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Eight hundred Ninety-five thousand Six hundred Eighty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April 1775, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surplusses,

Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. *

Rve

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Suffer, in the room of Midleton O Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, bath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor,

of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cotheridge, to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church &c* of Worcester, and Rowland Berkeley, Esquire, to make Tythe*.

and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Tythes in the Parish of Cotheridge, in the County of Worcester, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address His Majesty, That He will be gracioufty pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account. Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His Fisheries. present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River

" Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the " fame, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the " said River," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating " and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the fame, and " all'o within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River."

Ordered,

Coin

Weights.

Goat Skins.

Earthtn Ware Importation.

Colliers,

tec.

Scotland.

Hindon

Writ.

Newark and Port Glasgow

Paving,

See*

Shafte&ury

Election.

308 13° Apri. . 1775*

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or stamp the Weights to be made Use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees, in the Execution of his Office, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Haw and Undressed Goat Skins, into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Importation of painted Earthen Ware, the Manufacture of Europe, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelrinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported frojn the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 25 th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant for the making out a new Writ for the electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, before this Day Month.

Mr. Craufurd prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer, vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow, and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with frefti Water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting public Markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Tonge, from the Scledt Committee appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of , acquaint-16

ed the House, that Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet, One of the Members of the said Select Committee, being the Mayor and Returning Officer for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, was apprehen-five that his Presence would be necessary at the approaching Election for the said Borough; and that he should be obliged to absent himself from his Attendance on the said Select Committee; and therefore de* fired the Leave of the House, that he might be absent from the said Committee, if he should find it necessary, upon that Occasion.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Worjley, Baronet, have Leave to absent himself from his Attendance on the said Select Committee, if he shall find it necessary to be present at the Election for the said Borough of Newport.

Mr. Stralian reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, the 28th Day of June 1633, intituled, " Act anent the Clan Gregour," and the x 5th Day of June 1693, intituled, " Act for the Justiciary " in The Highlands," so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament, of the 26th Day of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac Gregours, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April.

A Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to impower Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths, where any Penalty is to be levied, or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Parliament wherein the same is not expressly directed, was read a Second' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an. Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from England, and of the Customs drawn back thereon, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1774; difeinguishing Fo-. reign from British Plantation Coffee, and also to what

Places Coffee has been exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Coffee imported into England, and of Customs paid thereon, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 17743 distinguishing Foreign from

British

1

Drummond’*

(McfGresour’j)

Name.

Adjournment.

Rape Seed.

Administering Oaths by Justices.

Account

ordered.

Ditto.

Earl screadaJ bane’s, See. Exchange.

Hoy.il A {Tent to Bills*

15 Geo. III. 13° Aprilis. 309

British Plantation Coffee, and from what Places the same has been imported.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pratt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement, made between John Earl of Breadalbane, and James , of

dares, for the Exchange of certain Lands, in the County of Perth to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis iteux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies of New Jersey, Penjilvan, and South Carolina, to Great , and the

British lilands in the West , under certain Conditions and Limitations:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in , an Act, passed in

the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act 4* for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the " better Payment of the Army and their Quarters j" and for extending, the Provisions of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in America:

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-five:"

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for vesting Part of the Garden of the Society of Lincoln's Inn, in the county of ,

in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and his Successors for ever, for the Purpose of erecting thereon Offices for the Accountant General, and for the Register of the said Court:

An Act for incorporating certain Persons, for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, within the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the 14th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty- second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the " more effectual' preventing of Frauds and Abuses Vot. 35.

" committed by Persons employed in the Manufac- ft07.1i Affaft " lure of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian,

" Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, T

" and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing un<lawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-Pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better " Payment of their Wages An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Work-house in the said Parish:

An Act for building a Workhouse, and for tire better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint James, Clerkentvell, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of and West Flegg, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, Tw6 Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River Trent, at or near Wilden , in the County of Derby, to the River , at or near

Runcorn Gap:

An Act to enable the Commissioners acting by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford , and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, tx> charge further Taxes upon the said North Level, and the said adjoining Lands:

An Act for taking down the Common Gaol of the County of Hertfordj and for building a New Gaol in a -more commodious Situation:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with the RepresentativeS of Hugh Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a Debt due to His Majesty from William Williams, deceased:

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the Shire of Argyll:

An Act to enable Sir Nigel Grejley, Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Grejley, Esquire, his Son, to make and maintain a navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Coal Mines, in Apedale, to Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for Continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road leading from " Porthaetkwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of " Anglesey

An Act for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Hinton Mertell, otherwise Hinton Martell, in the County of Dorset, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of the Church offringford, otherwise Ferring ford, in the County of Oxford, belonging to the Right honourable Mary Countels Dowager of Shaftesbury.

An Act for exchanging certain Lands and Tenements, Part of the Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Torrington, for certain Lands and Tenements, belonging to the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford; and also for exchanging certain Mills and Lands thereto ’ belonging, likewise comprized in the said Settlement, for certain Lands and Tenements belonging to John , Gentleman:

An Act to confirm a Lease, made by William Lambert, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, to the Right honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley, of l^ands in the Parish of Woodman-fiern, in the County of Surrey:

4 K An

9

R«yal A (Tent to Bills.

310

*775

An Act to enable the Reverend- John Blackburn, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of in

the County of Turk, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments, in the same County, belonging to Hatty Brezvfter Darley, Esquire:

An Act to Exchange Lands, between the Trustees of a certain Charity Estate, at in the County of Middlesex, and William and Henry Berners, En-

quires:

An Act for effecting an Exchange, between John Parker and Monthgu Edmund Parker,. Esquires,. of Parts of their settled Estates, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and -Hereditaments, in the County of , and City of Exeter, late the Estate of Robert , Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers thereof; and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in Payment of the Debts of the said Robert Stone, pursuant to a Decree of the Court of Chancery:

An Act for vesting in Trustees several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Arthuret and Kirk Andrews, in the County of Cumberland, Part of the Estate of Catherine commonly called Catherine Lady , de-

ceased, for a Term of Five'hundred Years, for railing and paying certain Sums of Money to the Reverend Robert Graham, Clerk; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Cleeve Prior, in the County of Wore ester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bengworth, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Precincts of the Chapelry or Township of Pinvin, in the County of Worcester:

An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement and Award, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, "within the Manor of Adleftrop, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Hamlets or Tythings of Broadwell and in the Manor and Parish of Broadwell, otherwise Broad-well Saint John, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Closes, Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Great Ro/lwright, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis Spitta:

An Act for naturalizing John Peter Atibery.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 2 5*;

Anno 130 Georgii III'* Regis, 1773. Prayers.

SIR James Pennymanpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Kildale, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, of Long Itchington and Bafcote, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, of Long and Bafcote,

in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Keck reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Peter Legh, Esquire, and the Reverend Ashburnham Legh, Clerk, to grant building and improving Leases of Part of their settled Estates, within the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement, made between John Earl of Breadalbane and James of

Culdares, for the Exchange of certain Lands, in the County of Perth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Adam, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Holte reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rowfttam, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Kildafe

Indolurc.

Lonjr

Itchington,

&c.

Iuctafur:.

Eftaie.

Earl

Breaduituoe*s

6cc.

Exchange.

Rowfliam,

Jcc.

Exchange.

15 Geo. III. 250 Aprilis. _ 311

Goodricke’s

Nat.

Mitford, Sc c. Poor.

London

Paving:

Bridewell

Precinct.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Sir John, Goodricke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Levina Goodricke: And the same was received j and read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. v

An ingross'ed Bill for the better, Relief and^tpplqy-ment of the Poor, within the Hundreds oil and Launditch, ini the rCounty of was read the

Third Time. / ’ ' . ~*:V;

An ingross’ed Clause was offered, to be.added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing certain Days for Recreation.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 33. To leave out from " Directors " to " any " in 1. 34. and insert " with " the Consent of the Lord or Lady " of any Manor or Manors within " the said Hundreds, to inclose " instead thereof.

I.35. To leave out from "Acres" to the End of the Press, and insert " Part " of such Manor or Manors; and " in case the said Directors shall " not agree with such Lord or " Lady, and other Persons interested in such Common or Waste " Land for the Purchase thereof, " then and in such same " instead, thereof.

Pr. 10. 1. 21. To leave out from " Land" to the End of the Line.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the.Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, Governors of the Potfefiions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward late King of England the Sixth, Chriji, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the lame

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Par.lament, for making, enlarging, amending, and " cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within " the City of London and Liberties thereof; and for " paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, VOL. 35.

" Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and " Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions " arid Annoyances within the fapie;" and for empowering the Commissioners under the said Act to pave, cleanle, and light, that Part of the Great Street which leads from Fleet Street to Black Bridget

which Res within Bridnvell Precinct, and for preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Cllaufes, jto enable the Governors of the said Hof-pitals^ to pave, clean, fe, ^nd light, the several Streets, and other Places, within the said Precinct, and to lcour and ejeanfe the Drains, Vaults, and Sewers, and to remove and prevent Annoyances and Incroachments, within the said Precinct.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lo^ds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , for; inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

I '

Sir George Yonge, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the . Petition of Hans Hintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue . Election and Return for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise in the County of Dorset, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That Francis Sykes, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess t<? serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise , in the County of Dorset:

And also, that the said Committee have determined.

That Hans kVintrop Mortimer, Esquire, the Petitioner,

ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of,

otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset:

And also, That the said Committee have determined.

That the said Hans IVi Mortimer, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset:

Sir George Yonge also reported lrom the said Select Committee, that they had come'to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table.

And the Determinations of the said Committee were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the last Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, and amend the fame, by rating out the Names of Francis Sykes, and Thomas Rumbold, Esquires, and inserting the Name of Hans IVintrop Mortimer, Esquire.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accord-

ingty* r.

1 hen the said Report was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there was the most notorious Bribery and Corruption

Sledmirtf

Inclosure.

Shafteftniry

Election

St. Leonard (Shoreditch) Poor, &c.

311 25* Aprilis. . 1775.

ruption at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaflon, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Bribery and Corruption require the most serious Consideration of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upofi Thttrfday Sevennight, the 4th Day of May next. '

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Examination' taken before the said Select Committee, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant for the making out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Bdfotigh' of Shaflon, otherwise Shaftef till after Thttrfday

Sevenmght, the 4th Day of May next.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and of a great Number Of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief and Employment of the Poor within the said Parish, and divers other Purposes, as also of several other of the principal Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish, was referred; That' the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, asi it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act: was read: And,

Mr. Humphrey Bache being examined, laid, That when the Trustees held their First Meeting under the Act, many Persons who had Freeholds in Houses met, but they were told they could not aft unless their Estates confided of Freehold Lands, or Ground Rents, and they were intimidated from acting, and threatened to be prosecuted if they did aft: And he further feid, that there are several Misnomers in the Names of the Trustees in the said Act; that Mr. s Name is in the Act fpclt Thorpe; that he was objected to, his Name not being spelt right; but that he has acted, though the Wit nets thinks it was at his Peril; and that Mr. Buffington's Name is in the Act spelt Bdfington.

Mr. John BaJJington being examined, said, That he spells his Name BaJJington; and that he has not acted as a Trudee for Three Months. And being asked,. Whether he was threatened, if he acted as a Trudee, by any Person ? he feid, Not in particular; but that he had heard that Gentlemen, whose Names were mif-spelt, were to be prosecuted if they acted; and that he conceived the Misnomer would subject him to the Penalty in the Act if he acted. And being asked. Whether he had not been with the Trustees to (urvey the Parish, to make Assessments within Three Months ? he feid. That he had been with them, and that he received a Summons to attend upon that Survey.

Mr. James Wood being examined, said, That in the Act his Name is written John; that he was intended to be a Trudee; that he had been threatened with an Action in case he acted as a Trudee; that he has been One of the Churchwardens of the Parish ever since Easier 1774; that there is a John Wood in the Parish, but that he does not aft as a Trudee, and that he should not choose to act when he is out of his Office.

Mr. Thomas Draper being examined, laid. That the said Witness James Wood was the Person intended to #be appointed a Trudee in the said Act.

Mr ~ Roberts, the Clerk to the Trustees, attended your Committee with the Books of Accounts of the Trustees. And being asked, Whether he has the Mi-16

mates of the Proceedings at< the Fird Meeting of the Trustees under the Act ? he said, That he has not nor did he ever fee them.

Mr. Humphrey Bache being examined, was asked,. What are the Hardships and inconvemencies that have arisen to the Parish from the said Act in the Execution of it ? he said. The appointing a Surveyor, with an Allowance‘of £. 4 per Centum, \olay out near £. 7,000, when a Man of the Fird Abilities and Character as a Builder offered tb do the feme at per;

that a very large Quantity of Bricks for building the Workhouse’was agreed' for with'a Person at a very great Charge without the Trustees giving any Notice for a Public Contraft.

That the Trustees passed the Accounts of a Churchwarden who went out of Office at Easier lad, and had received many Hundred Pounds of the Parishioners for obtaining the Act; and though the said Churchwarden had been repeatedly called upon to deliver up and adjust his Accounts with the Parish, yet he refilled or neglected so to do; and that an Order of Vedry was made to file a Bill in Chancery against him.

Mr. James Stewart being examined,-feid. That lie did, on the 19th of December lad, with Mr. James Wood, One of the present Churchwardens, apply to Mr. Roberts, the Clerk to the Trustees, deliring to look at the Minute Book of the Trustees; that he asked Mr. Roberts, If the Fird Minutes in the Books were Original Minutes ? who said, He never few the Fird Minutes; that he then desired a Copy of those Minutes, and ' also a Copy of Mr. Churchwarden Thompson's Accounts, upon paying for them, which he promised he should have; and that on the 17th of February lad, Mr. Wilkinson, the other Churchwarden, and the Witness, called upon the said Mr. Roberts for the said Copies, according to his Promile, when he declared to them. That he should not give Copies to any Body. That the Witness asked him, By whose Orders he made the Refufel ? when he feid. That it was by an Order of the Board of Trustees written in the Book. That the Witness then asked the Favour to see the written Order in the Book, which the Clerk refund. And upon the Witness being asked, Whether when he fird asked Mr. Roberts for such Copies, and for Leave to see the Books, Mr. Roberts did not give him for Answer, that he should apply to the Trustees ? he feid. That he did not remember Mr. Roberts said any such Thing; but that he told him, that> according to the Order, he could not shew the Books or give Copies without Leave from the Trustees; that he never did apply to the Trustees for that Purpose, nor does he know of any Refufel being made by the Trustees.

That on the nth of November lad a Vedry was assembled, pursuant to Notice given, in order to make a Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, according to the Directions of the said Act, and that the Witness at that Meeting made Application to the Trustees then present to produce their Accounts, which the said Trustees refused; and that One of the Trustees then proposed the Sums necessary to be raised, but did not explain the Debts due from the Parish, and that the Witness did not apply to the Trustees at their Meeting as he apprehended he had no Right to have such Account.

Mr. Thomas Draper being further examined, feid. That in same of the Removal of any of the Trustees out of the Parish, or Insolvency of a Trudee, neither the Parishioners nor Trustees are empowered to elect Trustees in their Room; and that a Trudee becoming insolvent can aft as a Trullee notwithstanding his Insolvency, and that he apprehends it a great Mard-ship upon the Inhabitants of the Parish to be liable to an Action for the Rates, even (or so small a Sum as Ten Shillings, when a Power is °iven to lev'' the

feme

IT

, Answ«r

to

Addrefc for Account.

Dicconfon’s EJbuc*

"Watt’s

Patent.

ry Geo. IIL *25 Ap 313

feme by Distress; and that in order to enable the Vestry properly to make their Rates at their Quarterly Meetings, as by the Ad is directed, the Witness thinks it eflentiallly necessary that the Proceedings and Accounts of the Trustees should be laid before the Vestry at such Meetings) and that he apprehends there is no Power given by the said Act to compel the Trustees to produce their Accounts at such Meetings, and that for want of such Accounts the Vestry were not enabled to judge of a proper Rate, and not making the feme within the Time limited by the Ad, the Power devolved to the said Trustees, who made tl»e Rate accordingly; and that without some Amendment being made to the Ad in that Respect, the Witness apprehends that it will probably be always the case in future.

William Burgess, the Parish Clerk, then proved to your Committee, the giving Notice in the Parish Church on Sunday, the nth Day of December last, of a Vestry to be held on Tuesday, the 13 th of,

for the Purpose of agreeing to apply to Parliament to explain and amend the said Act: And,

Mr. Thomas Draper being further examined, said, That almost every Person in the Parish was desirous of art Application to Parliament to amend the Ad, and that a Meeting was. held at Coffee House for

that Purpose, and that he thinks Nine Tenths of the Parishioners are desirous of the Application. And upon the Witness being asked, Whether he spoke to the Majority of the Parish on that Affair ? he said. That he could not say that; but that he firmly believes the Persons he spoke to, and those who applied to him, were the Majority of the Parish: And the Witness further said. That he was present at the Vestry of the 13th of December, and few the Resolutions then agreed to, to apply to Parliament to amend the said Act, signed by the Parishioners then assembled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Sainst Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesexj and for building a Work- house; and for purchasine a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said ParishAnd that Mr.. Mackworth and Mr. Alderman Sawbridge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday the 13th Day of this Instant April, That His Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments,' in the Counties of Kent and ‘Part of the Settled Estates of Meliora Dicconfon, the Wife of William Dicconfon, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Lord Stanley, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Guernsey reported from the Cofnmittee, to whom the Bill lor vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and AfiSgns, the sole Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, throughout'HiS Vol. 35,

Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was re-committed -, That the Committtee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. m

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to permit any Person to use and erect the said Engine after the Expiration of Mr. Watt's Patent on paying a Compenfetion to Mr. Watt.

'And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Eden, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Importation of painted Earthen Ware, the Manufacture of Europe, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report, to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ^t the Clerk’s Table: Where, the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That painted Earthen Ware, except Galley Tiles of the Manufacture of Europe, be permitted to be imported* to be sold in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable.on the Importation of Earthen Ware, according to the Rate of Ten Pence the Pound Weight, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Importation of all Earthen Ware, except India or China, not otherwise rated, there shall be paid, for the Old Subsidy, Ten Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, according to the true Value thereof.

The feid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Eden, Mr. Cooper, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, One of the Committees of the Person and Estate of the Right honourable Edward Lord Leigh, a Lunatic, on Behalf of the said Edward Lord Leigh, and others, the Owners of a Meadow called pdeadow, within the Manor and Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, pleadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and Mars, in the Parish of Lea Marston, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County; and setting forth, That there is a certain Common Meadow, within the said Liberty of Duntcontaining 60 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie near to the Waste Grounds in Dunton; and it would, be advantageous to the said Edward Lord Leigh, and all Persons having any Right or Interest in the said Meadow, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for dividing and inclosing t|re -said Common Meadow, under such Regulations as the House* shall think proper; and that the Consideration of this Petition may be referred to the

4 L Committee

Earthen Ware Importation

Lea and

Marston

Sec.

Inciofttrt*

Irinfley,

Sec,

Inclosure.

Dmmmond'i

(M’Gregour's)

Name.

Cottages.

Coin

Weights.

314

if — ^Aprilis.

’A 1775*.

Committee to whom the said Bill, by Order of the House, startds referred.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they hare Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

v

' An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinflty, in the Parish of G in the County of Nottingham? was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinjlty, in the Parish of Greajley, in the County or Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingtoffed Bill to repeal Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, the 2&th Day of Jmte 633, intituled, " Aftanent the Clan Qregonr," and the 15th Day of June 1693, intituled, Act for the Judiciary " in the Highlands," so fer q.s relates to the Mac Gre-

goitrs; -and to revive an Act of tra laid Parliament, of the 26th Day of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac Gregours, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal Two Acts; made in, the Parliament of Scotland, the 28th Day of June i.633, joti* tuled, " Act anent ‘the Gian Gregourf* and the 1 jth Day of June 1693, intituled, " Act for the Judiciary in the Highlands," so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; ana to revive an Act of the Ikid Parliament of the 26th Day of April 1661, relative to the People called Mac Gregours.

Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cator reported frdm the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 31 ft Ytar:of the Reign of ner Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled*

" An Act against the erestine and maintaining of'Cotrtages," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amehament thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the' House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in atthe Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment jvas Twice read; and, upon the Question put tlierdupoq, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, Jbe

ingrossed.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hbufej upon the Bill for allowing the Officer appointed t mark or damp the Weights to be made Use of iti weighing the Gold and Silver of this Kingdom, in punuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees, in the Execution of his Office; .

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker rfefumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported fijoin the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow1 Morning.

ij -

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Gut sum. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation.' of Raw and Undressed Goat Skins, into this Kingdom;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. 1

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevens night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole*

House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Manufactures Of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties oh Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil; imported from Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 26* dit Aprilis;

Anno ig* Georgii III’11 Regis, 1773* Prayers. j

f E VINA Benjamiua Goodriche took the Oaths ap- Goodricfcefr ’ pointed in order to liter Naturalization. " XT~

Nat.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Eiioe small Debts, within the hundred of Etloe, in (he SouiiDei*. County of Lincoln, wfis read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Bro^onn low Bertie, Mr. Pelham, &c.: And they are to ruea$ this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker 5 Chamber.

A Bill to continue, and render more effectufl, fevera^ IlighgsSte Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading _ *".

to Highgate Gatehonfe and ' Hampstead, and other Roads

in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and allb to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to'enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehonfe and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, to make a new Road, from the Great Northern Road at lflii\gton, to the Edgzvare Road near Pad- *

dington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed ‘ to be under the Care and Management of the Truf* tees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for watcli^ ing, lighting, and watering, the said Roads, was read a Second Time. ' ,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Mr. Griffith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Comnu>9 Chydon, Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts of Clay- nc don, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. tPyld-bore, Lord JYerman, &c.: And they are to meet ‘ ’ " " ' this

Beaconsfield

Road.

Shaftefcury

Ekdion.

Rape Seed.

schilipa*

Lighthoufr.

Coal

Waggons,

15 Geo. III. 26° Apr His. 315

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s An ingrossed Bill for vesting in 'fantesWatt, Engineer, Watt*. Chamber. ? ,his Executors, Administratorsj and Assigns, the foie Patent-

1 Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several called Fire Engine!, of his Invention, throughout His Acts, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the Majesty’s Dominions, for a Time to be limited, was County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of read the Third Time.

Oxford, was read a Second Time. . Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller, be An Act for vefttn’g in WattT Engineer,1 his

Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Executors, Administratorfc, and, Assigns, the sole Use at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly

called Fire Engines,' of his Invention, described in the Sir George Yonge presented to the House, pursuant said Act, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a to their Order, limited Time.

The Minutes of the Examination taken before the OThat the Lord Guetitfey do carry the Bill to

Select Committee, who were appointed to try and de- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, termine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop

Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, passed in the 31st Cottages, and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset. . intituled, An Act against the erecting and maintain-

And the said Minutes were read. " ing of Cottages,’r was read the Third Time.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Resolved, that the Bill do pass:’ And that the Title Minutes be printed as shall be sufficient for the Use of be, An Act to repeal- an Act, passed in the 31st Year the Members of the House. of the Reign of her Majesty Queen intitu-

led " An Act against the erecting and maintaining of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee " Cottages." of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging Ordered, That Mr. Cator do carry the Bill to the the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on

Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported A Petition of divers Inhabitants, being Householders Bedford from Ireland, is committed, that they have Power to eJ(Bedford, in the County of Bedford fund Electors for Election. receive a Claut’e, or Clauses, for permitting -the: Tm- that Borough, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of portation of Rape Cakes from Ireland, freeiof Duty. ' the Inhabitants, being :Househotders of Bedford, and

Electrors for the said Borough, was presented to the A Petition of the Merchants-in the Port of Laser- House, and read; Setting forth. That the Borough of pool, whole Names are fiiblcrtbed, was presented to the Bedford is a very ancient Borough by Prescription, and House, and read; Setting. forth, That the Petitioners Time out of Mind hath lent Members to Parliament; observe, by the Votes, a Bill is depending, founded and that, in all the Aids granted to His Majesty, there upon a Petition from John Philips, Proprietor, for a Term is a certain Sum of Money assessed upon the Inhabi-of Years, by Grant from his Majesty of certain tants of the said Borough, eXclusive of the rest of the Rocks, called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel, County of ’Bedford; and that the Mayor, Aldermen, wherein he sets forth his Intention of erecting a Light- and Common Council, of the said Borough, have, at house, or Lighthouses, thereon, and prays; to have the several Times, acted in a very arbitrary Manner, and Grant of the said Rocks made perpetual and that all assumed to themselves a Power of making an unlimited Ships and VeHeR passing the same may be charged ‘Number of Burgesses and Freemen; and in the Month with a certain Rate of Tonnage, not specified in |he of September only, in the Year 1769,-they made up-said Petition; and that the Petitioners have Reason to wands of 500,most of them Strangers and Foreigners, believe" it Impiufticable to build and maintain.upon who never served any Corporate Office, nor exerciseej the said Rocks a dLighthouse, (that will wkhstand the any Trade or contributed to any Rate or Assessment,

Violence of the'Sea, -and prove of general Utility t» within the said Town, but were made for the foie Pur'-Navigation; and that there does not appear any Pe- -pose of voting at Elections for Members of Parlia.-culiarity of Construction in Mr. Pkhtps’u Wooden ment; and the Mayor, Aldermen, and*Common Coun,-Building, which can possibly be attended wUh peculiar oil, of the said Borough, have also niade a considerable Advantages to Shipping, - nor can the pnopefedi diferi- -Number of Burgesses and Freemen every year since>(and sniiuting Powers, as the Petitionersxonceive and be- 4t is apprehended that they will continue the like evil lieve, render it ait all Times (if at any , ^iiftifi- Practice in Time to come, which wist totally annihilate

guishable aboard Vessels at Sea, and at a Distairoe flom the ancient Right of EAeftkm to the Petitioners, as thp every, or any other, Lighthouse; and that the mif- -whole Number of -Inhabitants, being Householders, taking fetch Lighthouse for any other, dr ifeohot ap- who have a Right to vote, are computed not to exceed . pearing at proper Times when looked.for, might prove 540; and that, by the above arbitrary Proceeding^,

;of the most dangerous Consequence to the (Navy, and the Petitioners are in great Meafuie’deprived of their the Trade of the Kingdom: And therefore-praying, . dearest Rights and Privileges, of fending Members to -That they may be heard, by ihemfehad and Counsel, Parliament And therefore praying the House will take against the said Bill. the Pfemifes into Cortlideration, and afford the Pe-

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie upon tKe Table, -tirioners such Relief as shall, in the present'Cafe, be until the Report be received from the Committee of thought-expedient, and to prevent the like ev^l Praft-the whole House, to whotfnthe laid RUlhconitirutted. -t-iceis for the -feiiure, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as_ to tlje House'shall seem jrieet.

Ordered, That the . Order of the Day, for tike House Ordered, That -the 'laid ‘Petition be referred to the -lootfolve itself intoa.Committee of she whole House, -Cansideration of a Committee: t,hat t.ney do exa-

upon the Bill for admeasuring Wagons and other -mine, and state to the Housej th? Matter of Fast con-vCaniages used in loading Coals oh board Ships at the t-ained in the said Petition:

several Ports in this Kingdom, except the-ports’of And it is referred to Mr. Whitbread, Lord George itiewaafile and Sunderland, benosyread. = " v - . Germain&c.: And. they are to Tomorrow

And the.laid Order being mad Accordingly4- Morning, at Nine of the GIock, in the Speaker’s Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow <atTweIve Chamber; and have Power to fend for1 Rerlpns, Papers, of the Clock, refi^lve itself into ihcsaid Committee*- and Records.: ‘ " "

Vol. 35. Notice

31 6 26 °Aprilis. . r 775;

Sutron-cum- Notice being taken,; that His Majesty’s Interest is agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That luclosure concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Palace in which His Majesty now retides, lately certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- known by the Name of Buckingham House, and now called mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari Ih of Sutton cum The Queen's , be settled on the Queen, in Lieu of Lound, in the County of Nottingham; which Bill was, Somerset in case She thall liirvive His Majesty.

upon the i rth Day of this Instant April, read a Second The Second Resolution of the Committee being read Time, and committed; a Second Time;

The . Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- Resolved, Nemitre contradicente. That the House doth quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His from and after the Determination of such Settlement, Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, the said Palace be annexed to, and veiled in, the Crown that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. of Great,

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being Buckingham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House read a Second Time;

Queen’l *° re *ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth Residence, to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Meftage, of Wednesday the tath Day of this Instant the Palace of Somerset House, which, by an Act, made April, be now read. - in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

And the said Order being read accordingly; was settled upon the Queen, be veiled in His Majesty,

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- His Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose of erecting quainted the House, that His Majesty had commanded and establishing certain Public Offices, him to'inform the House, that if the House of Com- Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that mons shall think proper to make Provision for settling he was directed by the Committee to move, that they the Palace, mentioned in His Majesty's Meftage, in may have Leave to fit again.

Lieu of Somerset House, on the Queen, in case Ihe shall Refobvid, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-survive His Majesty, His Majesty is willing,- that, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole after the Determination of such Settlement, the said House, to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s Palace shall be annexed to, and veiled in, the Crown of most gracious Meftage of Wednesday the 12th Day of Great Britain. this Instant April.

Ordered, That what the Lord North has now acquainted the House with, from His Majesty, be re- The Lord Stanley reported from the Committee, to ferred to the Consideration of the said Committee. whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to licence a Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Playhouse, in the Town of . in the County

mittee. Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Com-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- found the same to be true; and that the 'Committee mittee. had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-That they had come to several Resolutions; which they wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at bad directed him to report, when the House will please the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice to receive the lame. . read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to

Ordered, That the Report be now received. by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be laid Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee ingrafted, had directed him to report to the House; which he read

in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eth; viz. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be now. read.>

That the Palace in which His Majesty now- jrefides. And. the said Order being read accordingly; lately known by the Name of Buckingham House, and- Ordered, That Surplusses, Hated the 5th Day of April now called The Queen's House, be settled on the Queen, 1774, be referred to the said Committee, in Lieu of Somerset House, in case She shall survive His Orderedi That Surplusses Hated the 10th Day of O80-

Majesty. her 17 74, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money That, from and after the Determination of such Settle- given for the Sendee of the Year 1774 has been dif-ment, the said Palace be annexed to, and veiled in, the -posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until Crown of Great Britain. the 1 rth Day of April 1775, and the Parts remaining

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred That the Palace of Somerset House, which, by an Act, to the said Committee..:

.made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Then the House resolved itself into the said Cora-. Reign, was settled upon the Queen, be veiled in His mittee.

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose of Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

erecting and establishing certain Public Offices. Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

And a Motion being made, That the said Resolu- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

tions be read a Second Time; Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they

Mr. Vice Chamberlain of Her Majesty’s Household had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-acquainted the House, that Her Majesty gives Her . rested him to report, when the House will pfeafe to rt-. Consent, that the House may make such Provision, for ceive the fame.

settling Buckingham House, now called The Queen's House, Ordered, That the Report be received To-raorroW . on Her Majesty, in Lieu of Somerset House, as they shall Morning. .1

think proper. Mr. Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was

Then the First Resolution of the Committee being directed by the Committee to move, that they may have read a Second Time; Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth Resolved, That this House will, upon Mora-

- . t&v'i .' *» ing

L ' gf

Li strf

Manchester

Theatre*

Supp*j

Croat Skins.

Hindon

Election.

V*

15 Geo. III. Aprilis* ' 317

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. j Eden, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re* ferred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of Raw and- Undressed Goat Skins into this Kingdom, the Resolution which the Committee had-cUreded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Importation of Raw and Undressed Goat Skins into this Kingdom be permitted, for a Time to be limited, free of Duty.

The laid llesolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Eden, Mr. Cooper, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

A Petition of Thomas Howell, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are, and for a considerable Time last past have been, Inhabitants and Housekeepers within the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts', 'and as such were duly entitled to, and have exercised and enjoyed, the Right and Franchise of voting in the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, on the Eighth Day of March last, a Bill was brought into the House, to incapacitate the Petitioners, and several other Persons therein named, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, or elsewhere, wherein the Petitioners were charged with being guilty of Bribery at the late Election at Hindon; and that the Petitioners, having been duly served with Copies of the said Bill, did attend the House, by their Counsel, to make their Defence to the Charges therein specified against them, and were put to very considerable Trouble, Expence, and Loss of Time, in preparing Instructions necessary for that Purpose, and great Numbers of the Petitioners were necessarily forced to attend the House, and brought up many Witnesses from Hindon, to prove their Innocence of the Matters laid to their Charge by the said Bill; and that the Bill, at the Third Reading thereof, was thrown out of the House; and the Petitioners observe, that a new Bill is brought in, to incapacitate the Petitioners, and certain other Persons therein named; and representing to the House, that as they have done nothing ft> obstrud or evade the ordinary Course of the Laws against Bribery and Corruption, and have always been forthcoming, and never attempted to prevent the Service of legal Process, they hope no new or extraordinary Mode of Prosecution or Punishment will be adopted against them, by which they may be deprived of the usual Advantages given them by Law in the ordinary Course of Trial; and the Petitioners suggest, that a Bill, tending to deprive any Subject of this Realm of his greatest and dearest Franchise, cannot be deemed otherwise than a Criminal Prosecution against such Subject, and that, being once put upon his Defence, he cannot legally be called again to answer the same Charge; and that the Petitioners have been put to to great and heavy an Expence, in defending themselves against the Charges contained in the said last Bill, that they are unable to defray the Expences of the necessary VY itnesses and Journeys to London, to prove their Innocence against this Second Prosecution: And therefore praying, That the said Bill mav not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, Vol. 35.

by their Counsel, on the Matters contained in this their Petition, and may be admitted before each of them is put upon his separate Defence, to shew Cause why this Mode of Prosecution should not be adopted in the present same against the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed, Inhabitants and Housekeepers within the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament, for the said Borough, is, by the last Determination of the House, vested in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, who are Parishioners, Housekeepers, and not receiving Alms, of which Denomination are the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is now depending, to incapacitate several Persons therein named from voting at Elections for Members to serve jn Parliament, and to alter the accustomed and usual Mode of voting in the said Borough; which, if passed into a Law, will essentially and materially ailed the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners, against whom there is no Charge of Bribery or Corruption, and who hope that their Rights and Privileges will not be thereby altered or abridged: And therefore praying the House, That so much of the said Bill, as relates to change or alter the Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, may not pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is brought in, to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the county of ; and that, by the said Bill the Petitioners are declared to be disabled from giving any Vote at any Election, for the choosing a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, either for the said Borough of Hindon, or for any County, City, Town, Borough, or other Place, in Great Britain-, and that the Petitioners conceive themselves aggrieved by the said Bill, in being so incapacitated: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to their laid Incapacitations.

A Petition of John Nairn, Clerk, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pcti -tioner has been served with a Copy of a Bill depending before the House, to incapacitate the Petitioner, and certain other Persons therein named, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that the Petitioner is greatly concerned to find himself included in the said Bill, as a Person guilty either of having been bribed and corrupted at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, or as having been concerned as Agent lor the Purpose of felling the Seats in Parliament for the said Borough, or as having been instrumental in effectuating such Sale, and, for all or feme of the said Offences, to be declared incapacitated and disabled from giving any Vote at any Election, for the choosing a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, either for the said Borough ot Hin-don, or for any County, City, Town, Borouch, or other ' 4 M ~ Place,

Hindon

Election.

Dittof

Ditto;

1*

318 2 6° — 27'

Place, in Great Britain; and that the Petitioner hopes he shall be able to make it appear, that he is entirely innocent of any of the Crirnes which have been alledged against him before the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the late Elect ion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Cud Borough, and which, the Petitioner is informed, is the only Foundation for hist being included in the said Bill: And therefore praying. That he may be allowed to be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as tend to deprive him of any Bight, or Franchise, Mid have such Relief as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, be read a Second Time.

Hindon A Petition of Thomas , Carpenter, and Thomas

Election. Dukes, of the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, on the 8 th Day of March last, a Bill was brought into the House, to incapacitate the Petitioners, and other Persons therein named, from voting in the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, or elsewhere within this Kingdom; and that the said Bill was, at the Third Reading thereof, thrown out of the House, and a new Bill ordered to be brought in, in which the Petitioners observe several Persons are omitted that were included in the first Bill, for the Purpose, as the Petitioners have been informed, of being admitted Evidences in Support of the Allegations of the Bill now depending; and that the Petitioners are privy to, and desirous of giving Evidence to the House of, very interesting and important Transactions, respecting the Matters contained in the said Bill, which, if discovered and given in Evidence, will tend effectually to invalidate the Testimony of one or more Persons interested in the first Bill, omitted in the present: And therefore praying, That their Names may be struck out of and omitted in the said now depending Bill, in order that they may be produced as Witnesses, and examined, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

Anti the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Thomas Hozvell, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, this Day presented to the House, was also read.

And the Counsel against the said Bill was heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the (hid Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Housekeepers within the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, and also the Petition of the several 18

[ApriUs. A. 1775.

Persons whose Names are thereunto set and fuBscribed* and alfe the Petition of John Nairn, Clerk, which were this Day presented to the House, against the said BiH, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered! to attend this House this Day, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, do attend the said Committee ToV morrow Morning.

Tile other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Philips’

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole figtohouse,-House, upon the ’ Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Light-house upon the said Rock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *nd ^le4nH House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Coin the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Weights, Officer appointed to mark or stamp the Weights to be made U(e of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees in the Exe-' cution of his Office, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 dieAfrllis;

Anno 15* Georgii IIItl1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for establishing and confirming Rowfliam, Exchanges of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rowsham, in the County of Oxford, E.xchange« pursuant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee', and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands and* Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rowsham, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. t.

Ordered, That the Ix>rd Wenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to license Manchester a Playhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Theatre. Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titla be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine -of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Co'mmittee.

is Ge6.iii.

*7

m-cum- t$e, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosipg certain )und Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and

lofure.

*Waste Grounds in the Parish of Sutton cum Loitnd, in the Coitnty of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April, 1^74, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 5 Common Right Houses assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. is. 8f d. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 5 Common Right Houses assessed to the Land Tax at £. 2. or. 6d. per Annum, who declared tfiemselves neuter; and also except the Proprietors of Common Right Houses assessed to the Land Tax at f. 2. 4s. id. ptr Annum, who were wro«^ to in August last, and acquainted with the Inclosure, but through Mistake have not since been applied to; and that the whole Number of Common Right Houses are 102, and the Assessment to the Land Tax amounts to £. 92* i8r. id. per Annum,; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dke&ed him -to report to the . House; and he read the , Repprt ip his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ope by One; and, upon the Queffeop severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

3*9

Ordered, That the Order of the EW, for the Hoitfe Coal Wag* to resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, 8on,> upon the Bill for admqafuring Waggons and other Carriages used in Loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Potts in this Kingdom, except the Ports of Newcajlie and Sunderland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refoh'ed itfelT mto the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tlid fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday , Morning next.

The Lord North presented to the House, fey His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " Expence of the Queen’s House,

" from Lady Day 1762 to Christmcif 1.774, and the PurchaseAnd also,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Buildings pro* posed to be at Somerset House ? And also,

Estimate of Repairs now wanted at the several Offices proposvd.to.be removed, to, Somerset House, Annual Rent paid, and Value of the said Offices.

1 And the Titles of the said Pdpet and Estimates were - read-.

The said Paper ^nd Estimates are as followeth s viz.

Buckingham

House:

Queen’s

Residence*

Vol.5j;

tipehes

Expence of the Queen’s House, from Lady Day 1762 to 1774.

Total of Ordinary. Together.

784 11 9 784 11 9

9,062 10 if 13.363 15 71

2,756 — — 4 9,796 *7 64

2,699 5 4 2,763 6 10

2,851 18 iol 3.992 5 7

455 1 2 5,619 16 2f

i.fi77 16 24 4,883 1 3l

949 12 9* 2,275 16 7i

1.379 3 24 2,188 14 8

680 lb le 1,691 2 7*

190 4 61 190 4 64

930 18 ni 930 18 n4

890 8 21 890 8 2 f

637 16 4* 637 16 4i

326 11 4* 326 11 44

137 15 5* 137 15 51

186 8 4 186 8 4

1,264 5 ni 1,264 5 ni

301 1 ui: 3°i 1 nf

672 13 84 1,099 7 3*

5° 7 3 ,10* 883 3 9i.

986 8 IOj 1,144 8 104

203 8 5 203 8 5

329 14 104 971 11

776 6 6 1.736 6 6.

506 11 34 788 12 3*

229 11 64 229 11 64

311 15 .1 35i 15 1

617 18 84 787 18 84

35° 16 I°T 35° 16 io4

287 3 Hf 597 3 tif

220 7 4f 670 7 4f

37z 8 14 438 6 14

39i 8 44 39i a 44

3,186 — H 9.757 13 i4

38,312 5 2f 72,627 — if

r - 28,000 — —

O

w

00

S

H

pi

To Midsummer 1762

From Midsummer 1762 to Midfum 176/ 3,019 18 2f

From Midsummer 1763 to Midsummer 1764 1,905 6 8 4

From Midsummer 1764 to Christmas 1764 64 I 6

From Chrtjimas 1764 to Midfim 1766 373 — iai

From Midsummer 1766 to Christmas 1766 From Christmas 1766 to Michaelmas 1767 From Michaelmas 1767 to Midsummer 1768 From Midsummer 1768 to Michaelmas 1768 Christmas Quarter 1768 - -

Lady Day Quarter I 769 - -

Midsummer Quarter 1769 - -

Michaelmas Quarter 1769 - -

Christmas Quarter 1769 - -

Lady Day Quarter 1770 - -

Midsummer Quarter 1770 - -

Michaelmas Quarter 1770 - -

Christmas Quarter 1770 - -

I*ady Day Quarter 1771 - -

Midsummer Quarter 1771 - -

Michaelmas Quarter 1771 - -

Christmas Quarter 1771

Day Quarter 1772 - -

Midsummer Quarter 1772 -Michaelmas Quarter 1772 - -

Christmas Quarter 1772 - -

Lady Day Quarter 1773 - -

Midsummer Quarter 1773 -Michaelmas Quarter 1773 - *

Christmas Quarter 1773 - -

Lady Day Quarter 1774 - -

Midsummer Quarter 1774 - -

Michaelmas Quarter 1774 - -

Christmas Quarter 1774 - -

Garden, from 8th October 1763 January 1775 - -

' 5.362 7 3J

Purchase of Buckingham Ilcuft

to jft

Wefc Library.

Riding House.

North Wing, South Wing, and O&agon.

4>995 9 9 767 5 10J

5,762 15 7i

- a

5>l64 15 — I 3.005 5 1

1,326 3 10

204 8 2

1,010 5 9$

426 13 74.

375 *9 158----

11,671

11 5?

Garden Wall next Green Park, and Ice Well.

I.28l 7 jf

140 I -4

605 3 3$

Bast Library.

641 16 Il|

960----

282 1 —

40-----

170----

2,026 IX 74

2,093 *7

Additional Building over East Library.

IIO —

45° — 65 18

825 18 —

Total of Extraordinary.

4,301 5 6

7,040 17 54

64 1 6

1,140 6 84 5>l64 15 — I 3*005 5 1

1,326 3 10

' 809 11 5

1,010 5 94

426 13 74

375 19 i°i 158.-----

641 16

960 ---- —

282 1 —

40 —

170 —

310 — 450 — 65 18

6.571 *3 —

34,314 14 11

a

2-

15 Geo. III.

321

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the proposed New Buildings at Somerset House.

; . ' 0 . East Building, which will contain the following Offices viz*

Stamps, Salt, Tax, Hawkers and Pedkts, Hackney Coach,-Lottery, Navy Pay, Ordnance* Duchy of Lancaster, Duchy of Cornivatt, and Royal Academy - .

r-

West Building, which will contain the following. Offices; viz.

,!r < -

Navy, Victualling, King’s Barge Master, and Barge Houses ----- 1'

Imbankment next the Riyer - . - - - , . -

62*990

' ' i

66,500

7>20o

135*79®

L

ESTIMATE of Repairs now wanted at . the several Offices proposed to be removed t-d Somerset Houft,

Annual Rent paid, and Value of the lirrd Offices.'

Estimate of repairing the following Bhildings; viz,

Somerset House - - - - ’ - -

Navy Office - - -: - - - - * ’ -

Navy Pay Office -

His Majesty’s Barge Master’s Dwelling House,'and Barge Houses

i-

11,400

7,000

1,800

800

21,000

Annual Rent paid for Offices which are proposed to be removed to Somerset

House; viz.

Stamps - - - . - - -: -: -

Salt - - -; - - - - .; .

Hawkers and Pedlars ——

Hackney Coach -

Tax . - -

Navy Office, and Navy Pay . Office - -

Barge Houses -

Year’s Purchase , -Value of the Ground and Buildings of the present Offices j viz.

H7

140

40

100

xoo

375

8

910

25

22,750

Stamps - - -....

Navy Office - -

Victualling Office.....-

The remaining Ground at Somerset House will let for £. 1,100 a Year, at 28 Years Purchase - -

4,000

10,000

I 1,000

2 5,000

r.Yoh. 35.

1

4n"‘

322 27° Jprilis* 1775,

Ordered, That the said Paper and Estimates be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Message of the 12 th Day of this Instant April.

Fisheritt, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of what Encouragements it may be proper to give to the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of allowing the Clothing and ^Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, which are paid out of any of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, and are sent from thence upon His Majesty’s Service, to be exported from Ireland^ to the Places where such Forces shall be lo ordered to serve.

Ordered, That if be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of what Encouragement it may be proper to give to promote the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Examination of Witnesses, taken before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of MajJ'achvfet's Bay and Netv Hampfldre, and Colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies -, and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, or other Places therein to be mentioned, under certain Conditions, and for a Time to be limited, was committed, and allb on the Report of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

‘Then the" House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had du reded him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Coin Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Weights. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or stamp the Weights to be made Use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in Pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees, in the Execution of his Office, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had- made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and! he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Meragifley -Colonel Grenville reported from the Committee, to Pier. whom the Bill for completing and maintaining the Pier, at the Town of MevagiJJiy, in -the County- of Cornwall, was committed;, that the Committee had examined the: Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; anc( that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; - and he read the Report in his Place; and,

' J*' - r

*7

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wyldbore reported from the Committee, to Harrejr*« whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Freehold Estate, late of Eliah Harvey, Esquire, deceased, called otherwise

Munckham, situate in the Parishes of (Voodford and Chigwell, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell and convey the same as therein mentioned; and for applying the Money, arising by Sale thereof, for the Benefit of Edward Harvey, an Infant, his only Son, and- Heir at Law; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfeftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had -directed him to report to the House; which he read-‘ in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twelve thousand. Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-five thousand Four hundred and Forty-six Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the feme, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5 th Day of July 1774, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

The feid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to East India Order, a Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, so Comp*»y« much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for grant-,*

" ing to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by.

" Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied iiy " the Manner, and upon the Terms therein mentioned,

" for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants " of England trading to the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, Annually, Goods and Mer*r chandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tame.

Mr.

15 Geo. III.

Aprilis.

m

irthcnwtrc

nportation.

Mr. Copper presented to the House, according to Order, whole House, upon the Bill to incapacitate certain Per- H’ndoii 1lS’" " *' ' T r ‘ r therein mentioned, from voting at Eieftions of £season‘

a Bill to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware (except Galley Tiles) the Manufacture of Europe, to be sold in Great Britain; and for charging the same with a Duty dd Valorem: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Geat Skins. Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Ednamy in the County of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James

Dickson’s

Estate.

Dickson, Esquire, deceased, and now to Captain William Petition, if they think fit

fons

Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progrefe in the Bill; and that he was di-rested by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Howelly and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Yesterday presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their said

Dickson, as mail be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

MychMilton The Lords, have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to hebend. subject and charge the Prebend Manor of Myth Milton, in the County or Oxford, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheeldon, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Mych Milton aforesaid; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the fame, fb charged, in the Reverend Charles Sturgesy his Heirs and Assigns; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

PitA Estate. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

veiling certain Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, devised by the Will of William Pitty I Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for

I laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Pur-

I chafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled

I in Lieu thereof, to such of the Uses limited or deviled

by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of taking f Effect; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of

I this House.

I And then the Messengers withdrew.

Poor;

Regulating

Removals,

Jcc.

Tellers for the

Noes, j

19.

7°.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Vol. 35.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent unnecessary Removals of the Poor, and to promote the granting of Certificates;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Stratford The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Place, Reading of the Bill to enable the Lessees, Owners, and Mary-le-bone Occupiers, of Stratford Placey in the County of Middle-Paving, See. jreXf to pave, cleanse, light, water, watch, and fence in, the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

And the Question being put, that the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

«- Hllfxfs.,

Mr. Mackworthy Mr. Hot ham.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Then the House resolved itself into the Cud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elzves reported from the Committee, That he Was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that Thomas Howelly on being examined in relation to the Non-attendance of Thomas Spencer^ and John Beckety Two of the Persons who were ordered to attend the Committee, had grossly prevaricated in giving his Evidence before the said Committee.

Ordered, Nemine contiadicente, That the said Thomas Howelly having grossly prevaricated in giving Evidence before the said Committee, be, for his said Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Mr. Elwes also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that William Lucasy one other of the Persons examined before the Committee, had grossly prevaricated, and given false Evidence, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said WilVam Lucasy having grossly prevaricated, and given false Evidence, before the said Committee, be, for his said Offence, committed to the Prison of The Gatehouse: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Mr. Elwes also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that Henry Chant, one other of the Persons examined before the Committee, had grolsly prevaricated, and given false Evidence, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Henry Chanty having grossly prevaricated, and given false Evidence, before the said Committee, be, for his said Offence, committed to the Prison of The Gatchonfe: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Mr. Elwes also reported, that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, and John Beckety Baker, two of the Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee, had

not

a

0

St. Ives Ek&ion.

324 270 — 28

not attended; and that it appeared to the said Committee, that the said Thomas and John had

Yesterday attended this House, in Pursuance of their Order, on the Second Reading of the said Bill; but had purposely kept out of the Way, in order to avoid being served with the Order of this House for their Attendance on the said Committee this Day.

Ordered, That the said Thomas and John Bechet

be lent for, in Custody of the Seyjeant at Arms attending this House: Arid that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Mr. Elwes also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

hext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilk

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee, this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House, haying continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris 28° die Aprilis 5 Anno 15* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1775. Prayers,

THE Hour,' appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel , Esquire, and alfq the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Electors of the

laid Borough, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of the undue Election and Return of William Praed jfod Adam Drumfnoitd, Esquires, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, paired in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament s.

The Serjeant at Arms Was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bufi-nels of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr, Speaker, and 111 Members being found to bfe present;

The Petitioner, his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Drummond, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Praed, who attended at the Door, were called in to the Par: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar;

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for Mr. Dru, One of the said Sitting Members, informed the House, that the livid Mr. Drummond desired to separate in his Defence from the other Sitting Member; and Rated to the House, that their Cafes were different; and that the Petitions being grounded upon Bribery, contained, from the Nature of them, a separate and distinct Charge against each of the said Sitting Members: And the said Counsel also proposed, that the Petitioner should not, by his consenting to this ltequest, be prevented from linking out the same Number of Names from the Life of Forty-nine, as he would have done in case

x

Aprilis. A. 1775.

there were only Two Parties before the House; and also that he should have a Nominee; and that the Sitting Members Would join in linking the said Lift* and in appointing a Nominee, if this could be done by the Content of all Parties, confillent with die Directions of the said several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And the Counsel for the said Mr. Praed informed the House, that he had no Objection to what was proposed by the Counsel for the said Mr. Drummond.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners informed the House, that he did not oppose- it, but would consent thereto upon the Terms offered by the Counsel for fhc laid' Mr. Drummond; but if die Noufe thought that those Terms could not be complied with, he must then oppose the Sitting Members having the Advantage which die fepuratingin- their Defence would give them.

And the Counsel and Agents cn both Sides being directed tO'retire some Way from the Bar;

The House was moved that the said Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the said Petitions were also read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Adam Drummond and William Praed-, Esquires, be at Liberty to appear as separate Parties on distinct Interests.

The House divided.

Yeas to the right: Noes to the Left.

Tellers for the Yeas, { JJj;' ]

Tellers fa the Noes,

So. it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Petitioners, with the Counsel and Agents, heing again called to the Bar, Mr,. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions intp Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members, of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed upon the Table; apd the Seals being inspected by Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-side of the said Box, signed by Mr. Speaker, purporting, " That the said Box was, on the 27 th Day of April 1775 made up in his Presence, in the -Manner " directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to regulate the Trials, of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inclosed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members were by him, in the Pretence of the Speaker,

" put into the said Box on the 27 th Day of Apt it " 1775," was read.

And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purjxjfe, and were there shaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the said Pieces of Pajjer, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker who read the tame to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present* were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said; Names, the Names of Fourteen other Members* then present, w$re drawn and set aside with yhe Names of those who ,wpre, alpfeijt frfim the House; Four, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on

SeleCk

Newark and Port Glasgow Paring, Ire.

Insolvent

Debtors*

0$ AfriUsf 325

Select Committees; Five, on Account of their and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying being Members against whole Returns Petitions Relief.

were depending; and Five, on Account of their Orde, That the said Petition do lie upon the

then serving on Select Committees, appointed Table, for trying the Merits of controverted Elections. N

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names lb The Lord North presented to the House, according

drawn, and not exculed, or let alide, being complete, to Order, a Bill for enabling the Two UniversitiCs to

and Three Lists of the &id Names having been pre- hold in Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, for she pared by the Clerk; Advancement of useful Learning, and other Purposes

The Door of the House was opened: of Education, within the said Universities: And the

And one of the said Lifts was delivered to the same was received; and read the First Time.

Counsel for the Petitioners, one other to the Coun- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. . f

lei for the said Adam Drummond, Esquire, and the

other to the Counsel for the said William Praed, Esquire; An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mych Milton and thereupon the Petitioner, Samuel Stephens, Esquire, to subject *and charge the Prebend Manor of rreben<k

with the said several Counsel and Agents, together with Milton, in the County of , and the Lands, Tferie-the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Comments, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with mittee, immediately withdrew. the Payment of Two several pefpetual yearly Rent

- Charges, or Annual Payments* to the Reverend

A Bill for ' extending the Duty of Tvto Pennies Wheeldon, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the~rrc-Stots, or One Sixth Part of a- Penny . Sterling, bend af Milton aforesaid; and for divesting the

payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer, vended or Ibid.Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him ami his in the Village of Port . Glasgow and the Privileges Successora, and for veiling the larrje, fb charged, m thie thereof, over the Town of Newark for fopplying tha Reverend Charles St urges, his Heirs and Assigns^-Was Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh readthe First Time.

Water; for pavfng, cleaning, lighting, and watching, RefoThat the Bill be read a Second Time, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting public

Markets therein V for repairing, and keeping m Repair, The Lord North presented to the House, by His Ma- Account the Bre&ft and East and West Quays of the Harbour of jesty*s Command, ' prefemed;

Port Glasgow, and other Purposes therein mentioned, An 'Account of the Remainder of the light

was read aSiecond Time.- - - - Gold Coin defaced, and purchased of the Public at

R'efohved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crau- Standard Price, by the Governor and Company of the surd, Mr. Dtmdas, Ate.: And they are to meet this Bank of England, which was melted into Bars, and de-

Afternoon, af Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s livened into the Mint for Re-coinage, in the Course of Chamber. ,; , V the Tear 17^74. . 7

And the Title of the said Account was read.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His The laid Account is as followethj viz,

Majesty’s Gaol of Carlisle, was presented to the House,

Copy Right of the Universitie*.

VpL. 3$.

40

An

D

cq'

H-

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o§

FT

An ACCOUNT of the Remainder of the English light Gold Coin defaced, and purchased of the Public', idc. at Standard Price, by the Governor arid Cdn^any of the Bank of

England, which was melted into Bars, and delivered into the Mint for Re-coinage, in the Cqurie of the Year . 1774.

<5 r ‘<3V

Purchased at £. 3. 17. iof. per Ounce, delivered into the Mint in the following Quantities.

Ounces, dwts. grs. £ s. <7.

23,661 5 6 92y'3l — 9

23,661 9 18 92,131 18 4

23,659 12 — 92,124 11 4

23,661 3 6 92,*3° J3 —

23,662 *5 18 92,136 *9 6

23,'651 3 12 92,091 15 3

23,65! J9 18 92,094 18 6

23,661 x3 6 92>I3Z 11 10

23,661 l9 18 92,133 x7 3

23,651 4 — 92,091 *7 2

23,657 7 12 92>II5 l8 —

23,659 7 6 92,123 12 10

23,657 x3 6 92,117 — 5

23,660 12 92,126 4 5

23,651 2 12 92,091 11 4

23,661 3 18 92,130 H 11

23,659 9 — 92,123 19 8

23,649 l6 6 92,086 9 —

23,657 *4 — 92,117 3 4

23,661 3 — 92, I3° 12 —

23,658 2 — 92,118 *4 6

23,658 4 6 92,119 3 3

23,655 x7 18 92,1 IO 2 3

23,656 12 12 92,112 >9 8

23,657 II 6 92,116 12 8

23,658 6 18 92,119 *3 —

23,658 x5 — 92,121 5 —

23^57 l6 la 92,117 *3 —

23,656 14 — 92, H3 5 6

23,660 1.8 12 92,129 M 6

5,985 4 18 23,305 4

1,685 10 6 6,562 *9 3

717,408 16 18 2,793,4io II 9

The Produce! in Standard Gold,'as the Mint: Bills, at £. 3. 17. iof. per Ounce. ~ o

; Ounces, c

23.592 1 -23,593

23>595

.23,599

’ 23*635

2 3 >594 23>596 . ' ‘ 23>597 23>598 23.59°'

- .23.58+

*3.59°

23.592

23.593

23.599

23.595

23.595 p 23,61a

23.592

23.596

23.594

?3>593

23.593

23,595

i 23,591 23.586

23.594

- 23,591

' 23,599

23.600 5.969 1,681

grs. . - s. d.; - ' ' .

7 91,862 IX 5 -

9 91,868 id 3

11 ' -91,876 "T 9

— 91,889' 3 9: y - ' . *

3 t 92,031 2 10

-91,871 8 ..

18 91,880 3 8 ' ~ "

9 91,881 9 6 T; ' 7*’ " . r

6 16 35 3 rz

9 16

3

14 21

15 -r.

' 2 It

15. 4

16 z\ 2 29

' 7 22;

' 4 .19

- 314

' 7 -14'

' 12 7

1 -15

4-37 ;14 . ro

2 r 9.

16 5.

4 JO 11

4

12 1 13

4 6

1 20

15

*5

10

- 715.537 — !°

91,007 91,856-91,830 ’ 9^,856

93,865

91,890

i: 91,873

12

9

x3

10

x3

*5

2

10

11

'9. la 3

L1* o 7

:34 -d — 34 *30

-9* ,94°

91,863

.9*,877'4 3 9

'9i.87o j.

‘91,86$ f i

' " pi4 - 1

3 8

6.; 3 t

3 8

— 9

J»- . 3-

9? ,?76

91.858

91,840

91,870

91.859

9i,|88

j; 9I.S95 25,24

6,545-

-1? J 7

2 m.

i^i 5 s ri5

2,786,122: . 4

» " > .

r* -« 1. V

su* y: ’-stiudpr &z

Vol. 35*

Purchased as above, at £.3. 17. io\. ^er Ounce - - - ~ -

Deduct for Fractional Parts, which did not amount to 1 d, in each small Parcel -

The same melted into Bars, produced in Stand. Gold, at £. 3. 17. iol..fer Oz* Expences paid Melting, Fluxing* Afiaying, Esfa.: ~ -

Deficient

Ounce* chvts. grs 717,408 16 18 6 4 8 ‘ £' < CJL 2>793»410 11 9 ' Ci 24 4 i W ./*s

717,40a 12. IQ 715>537 — 10 2>793*386 7 8 2,786,122.' 4 2 H-4

1,865 iz — 7,264 3 6 3,16a 12 —

£.10,424 15 6 O

Gross We Sums paid. Standard W^R*.

lb. 0*. dws. grs. jr. u J. lb.. oz. dws. grs,

1 ft Memorial - 21,681 I 2 — 1,013,048 19 6 21,623 - V'23

a D* . - - 59,784 - 16 18 2>793>38^ 7 8 39,628* I — IO

81,465 t 18 18 £.3,806,435 7 2 a 81,251. i io 9

r . t

Value. 1 Deficient. Expences. Interest.

*J £: * <? £. *. W. £: *

1,010,336 11 9 2,^712 7 9 OO 0 . 00 1 1 2,224 11 9

2,786,122 4 2 7,264 3 6> 3,160 12 30,6 J4 6 3

£.3,796,458 15 i.r r- £.9,976 11. . 3- £.4,031- .£.32,838 18 —

Total Deficiency - - ~ 9,9.76 ii 3;

D° Expences. - - 4,03 v — —

T.otai* - £.46,846 9 &

For the Governor and' Company of the Bank of England

Gha*+ Xewfo#, Chief Caflaier^.

S> ‘ '

- & . - . k. -» J V ....

An ACCOUNT of the Remainder of the English light Gold Coin defaced, and purchased of thfe Public, idc. at Standard Price, by the Governor and Con\pany of the Blank of

England, which was melted into Bars, and delivered into the Mint for Re-coinage, in the Court; of the Year 1774.

o: ‘OV

D

(Q

n‘

0

Q_

O"

CD

o

c§

FT

Purchased at £. 3. 17. iof. per Ounce, delivered into the Mint in the following Quantities.

Ounces. dwts. grs. s. d.

23,661 5 6 92>»3* — 9

23,661 9 18 92,131 18 4

*3,659 12 — 92,124 11 4

23,661 3 6 92,130 13 —

23,662 15 18 92,136 19 6

23,651 3 12 92,091 15 3

23,651 19 18 92,094 18 6

23,661 *3 6 9*»I3* 11 IO

23,661 J9 18 92,133 17 3

23,651 4 — 92,091 17 2

*3,657 7 12 92,115 18 —

*3,659 7 6 92,123 12 10

*3,657 13 6 92,117 — 5

23,660 — 12 92,126 4 5

*3,65! 2 12 92,091 II 4

23,661 3 18 92,130 14 II

23,659 9 — 92,1*3 19 8

23,649 l6 6 92,086 9 —

23,657 14 — 92,117 3 4

23,661 3 — 92,130 12 —

23,658 2 — 92,118 14 6

23,658 4 6 92,119 3 3

23,655 17 18 92,110 2 3

23,656 12 12 92,112 19 8

23,657 II 6 92,116 12 8

23,658 6 18 92,119 13 —

23,658 lS — 92,121 5 —

*3,657 l6 12 92,117 13 —

23,656 14 — 92,113 5 6

23,660 18 12 92,129 14 6

5,9j5 4 18 *3,305 — 4

1,685 10 6 6,562 19 3

717408 16 18 2,793,4io I I 9

The Produce in Standard Gold, as per the Mint; Bills, at £. 3. 17. iq|. per Ounce.

Ounces. dw&. grs. . S.

23,592 6 7 91,862 11 5

-23,593 16 9 91,868 io 3

*3»,595 .15 11 - .91,876 9.

23,599 3 — -; -91,889^ 3 9

23 <635 1 a 3 , 92,031 2 10

*3»594 9 iS -91,871 8 -

23,596 16 18 91,880 3 8

‘ 23,597 3 9 91,881 9 6

23,598 14 21 ' 91,887 12 2

23,59o 15 — - ' 91,856^ 9: 7

.23,584 ' 2 .12 91,830 *3 8

*3,590 23,592 .15; l6 4 *3 ' 91,856 91,864 10 x3; 3.

*3,593 2 20 91,865 J5 IO

*3,599 7 22; 91,890 2 11

*3,595 / 4: i$ *3,595 r 3; 14 23,61a 7 -14:

23,592 12 7

23,596 I 15 *3,594 4 -T7

*3,593 -H r<? *3,593. *

*3»395 ;*6 5

*3,591 '4 10

23,586 11 7

4 *5

*3,594 *3,591 *3,599 23,600

5,969

i,68-i

12. 1$.

I 10

13 i±

4 6

1 20

715,537 — I®

.91,873 ^91,873 .91,940 91,86

- 9*,$77

91.870

9?,976

91,?5fr 91,840

91.870

91,859 ^i 8. 91,$88 .17

x9 li 3 L1*' o 7

r-

14 to -4 9

" i

:14

'.I

3

i.

*3,*4*:

6,545-

3 I

8

9

3

. J* !

2 ia.

r. a *

*,786,1;

122-

4.

\ r* ",

; C *

fi

Silt y:

'H

o

t*

Oft

tA

Purchased as above, at £. 3. 17. 101. -f>er Ounce -Dedud for Fradional Farts, which did not amount to 1 d. in each finall Parcel -

The same melted into Bars, produced in Stand. Gold, at £. 3. 17. 10 f. Oz Expences paid Melting, Fluxing, Allaying,

Deficient

Ounce*. dirts. grs

717,408 16 18

648

717,402 12 IO

715*537 — «°

1,865 12 —

C

2*793>4TO 11

24 4

9

1

2>793>386 7 8

2,786,122 4 2

7,264 3 6

3,16a 12 —

£.10,424 15 6

Cn

a

w

o

Grofi Wf Sums paid. i- - < Standard WrR'. ► Value. r ‘ Deficient. Expences* f Interefc

lb.; ok. dws. gr*. £ 2 Ib. oz. dw*. gw. . £ d. 4 if- s. d. £ J*

ill Memorial - 21,68l I Z — 1,013,048 *9 6 21,623 - 23 1.010,336 11 9 2,712 7 9 00 O 8 — 2,224 i r- 9

A D* - - - 59^4 l6 18 2»793»38^ 7 8 59,628, 1 — IO 2,786,122 4 2 7,264 3 6' 3,160 12 — 30,614 6 3

81,465 18 a £.3,806,435 7 2 81,252 1 to 9 ^3.796,458 *5 Lr ' < iC-9>976 II. 3' £.4,031- — — .£32.838 18 —

GO

o

t

To^al Deficiency D° Expences.

- 9»9-76 11 3>

4»°3r' — —

D

(n

n'

CD

CL

cr

a

o

0§

FT

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of

Chat. Tewfo*> Chief Cashion-

ToTAt - £.46,846 9 3^-

>4

328 28* 1775.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, that the China will Hand hot Water without

to be perilled by the Members of the House. splitting, j,that he has never known an Instance of its

splitting, though he has known several Pieces of the Sutron-cum- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain split; that the Gold does not come off. the

d Op®n Arable Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commons, Bristol-, that there are some China which frequent Use

0 ure* and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cum turns brown, and cracks, which the Witness thinks Lound, in the County of Nottingham, was read the arises from there not being a proper Union between Third Time. the Body and the Glaze; that the Manufacturers have

Resolved, That the Bill do p&fs: And that the Title their Glaze made into a Glals previous to its being be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open applied to the Body, but that that is not the same with Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Cortimohs, and the Bristol; that they can make Plates, but have had Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cunt Lound, Difficulties, though he thinks they shall succeed in in the County of Nottingham. Time; that they have not hitherto much attended

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the to that Object, but have applied themselves to per- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. fefting the Body as a Body, and the Glaze as a Glaze;

that they can Tender this China in most Articles Cookwortiiy’* Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Com- as cheap as the Aftatic, and much cheaper than the

Patent. mittee, to whom the Petition of Richard Champion, of Dresden.

Bristol, Merchant, was referred; That the Committee Then the Witness produced to your Committee, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and , Specimens of the Aftatic and Materials, and laid,

had directed him to report the lame, as it Appeared he found no other Difference, except that the Materials to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his of the Aftatic shrunk in the Burning One 42d Part more Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s than those of Bristol, and judges the Bristol Materials to Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- be rather better. Then,

eth; viz. Mr. Samuel produced to your Com-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, His pre- mittee feysral Pieces of Chin^ which he had lately lent Majesty’sLetters Patent, dated the 17th March 1768, tried Experiments on in London-, and being examined, granted to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chyfnift, for laid, that he had put Dresden, Bristol, and other

the foie Uie and Excercife of a Discovery of Materials of English China, into that Fire in the same Crucible; that the same Nature as those of which the Aftatic and Dref- the India, Dresden, and Bristol came out in the same den Porcelain are made, were produced to your Com- State they were put in; the Bristol was tried Three mittee, and read. ’ Times, and flood it; the Fire moved the Gold of the

Then an Assignment of the lad Letters Patent from Gild, ing into Grains, but haij no other Effect upon it; the said William Cookworthy to the Petitioner, dated in other Respects it was rather better for the Fire.

6th May 1774 was also produced and readAnd, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mr. John Britain being examined, said, That he has enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His great Experience in several of the China Manufactures, present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of- Plymouth, and has made several Trials upon all of those which fiave Cfrymift, for the sole Use and* Exercise of a Discovery of beeiv manufactured in England, and finds that all of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to them, except that of Bristol, were destroyed in the feme ' enable Richard Champion, of Merchant, to whom

Fire that brings the Bristol to perfection. the said Letters Patent have been assigned, to carry

And he produced to your Committee several Samples the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the of the said Kinds of China, which shewed; the effects Benefit of the Public: And ‘ that Mr. Frederick upon them severally; and laid, that they have not tagu, Mr: Burke, Mr. Cruger, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cooper, been able to bring the Bristol China to a marketable the Lord Clare, and Mr. Edtn, do prepare, and bring Commodity, so as to furnish any Order until' within in, the fame, these Six Months; for that sometimes they succeeded,

and at other Times not, but that now they chn exe- Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Corn-cute any orders. mittee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Church

That they have lately made considerablfe Ithprdve- of AH in the Town of and County of

ments in the said Manufacture, and particularly are Cambridge; and for the better repairing and keeping in endeavouring to perfect the Blue, in which they have Repair the Church of Saint Vigors, in the said Town, not as yet entirely succeeded, though they have now a was committed; That the' Committee had examined Gentleman who has succeeded in the fmaM Way, in the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to which they hare been at a very considerable Expence; be true; and that the Committee had gone through that the Witness thinks the Manufacture is capable of the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; further Improvements; that they can afford it at a which they had directed him to report to the House; Price equal to Foreign China of equal Gopdnels, and and he read the Report in his Place; and after-that they have made feme Specimens equal po good ' wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Dresden; that he had not seen any Dresden ornamental. the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once China equal to the Vases produced to your Com- read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by mittee, nor any_.Thing in Biscuit equal to the Biscuit One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, in those Vases, and other Ornaments; that the Gilding were agreed to by the House.

Hands well; that the Seve China differs from this, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Ornamental is more of a Cream Colour, but the ingrossed.

Glaze is so soft that it will not bear using; that he

believes the Enamel of the Bristol China is as hard as ~ Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, the Dresden, and harder than the Chinese; that they to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open can make it of any Degree of thickness required; Fields, Meadows, Common Pallures, and other Com-that there is this Difference between the Bristol China monable Lands within the Parish of in

and the Seve, and several other Kinds, that when they the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the are broke they seem as dry as a Tobacco Pipe; that Committee had examined, and found that the Stand-this is the same of all the English China; but the ing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, fttrefdett, the Bristol, and the Asiatic, China, have, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; when broken, a moist and lucid Appearance; in Proof and that the Committee had examined the AHe-c£ which he produced Fragments of the several Kinds; gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

18 and

F ulhoume Church.

Knap well ln.iolure-

5 -GEd.Hl. & April 329

and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, (except the Owner of Twelve Acres of Land, whose nfwer was, that he would not hand the Bill at pre nt; and allb except Two Persons entitled to Right of Common, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed contain j,oSr Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

bmdon A Petition of His Majesty’s JuRices and Commis-J>aT,ng:. sioners of Sewers, for the Tozver Hamlets, was presented Ikdilfh to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers *granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, " enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, " Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London and <c Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, " Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and 41 removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the " fameand for empowering the Commissioners under the said Act to pave, cleanse, and light, that Part of the Great Street which leads from Fleet Street to Black Fryars Bridge, which lies within Bridewell PrecinEl, and for preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; in which Bill Power is given to collect certain Tolls on Sundays, at several Turnpikes therein mentioned, to be applied in making and repairing of Sewers, and other Purposes; and letting forth, That should the said Bill pal's into a Law as it now Bands, the Petitioners conceive, the same will be highly prejudicial to their Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Rights, and Interest, as Commissioners of Sewers, and injurious to the several Inhabitants under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pals into a law as it now Bands; and that the Petitioners may, for the Benefit of the Public, receive such Proportion of the Money to be collected by the said Tolls as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InBruCVion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the said Committee.

" a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of " the said Parish:" And the same was received J and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Anguish and ML Graves:

Mr. Speaker, , t

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tweed, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, fishemii passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating and improving " the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and " Streams running into the fame, and allb within the " Mouth or Entrance of the said Riverwithout any Amendment: And also;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Piccadilly for watering Piccadilly, from the End of Berkeley f>avinS*&c' Street to \Hyde Park Gate, in the Parish of Saint George,

Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Highgate for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment i wlach^ And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cutfden, &c„ for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Inclosure. Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise in

the Parish of Bredon, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Quadring, for dividing and inclosing the Common Fens, Common &c-Meadows, Common Fields, and WaRe Grounds, in Inclosttre* the Parish of Quadring, and in Quadring Hundred, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Dudley’* for veRing the settled ERates devised by the Will of E^*te* Thomas Dudley, deceased, in TruRees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Greene’s, Stc, enable Mordecai Greene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, ta Eftatr. carry into Execution an Agreement, made for and on the Behalf of Alice Bland, Widow, deceased, with Ralph Milner; and also to grant Building and Repairing Leases of such Parts ox the ERates of the said Alice Bland, as lie in or near the Town of Manchester; and also Leases for Twenty-one Years, of other the ERates late of the said Alice Bland, to which thfc Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Smart’s, for Sale of the ERate of Elizabeth Smart, an Infant, in E^ate* the Counties of Durham and Northumberland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Heming’s veRing the several ERates of the late Samuel Homing, Estate, Esquire, situate in Jamaica, in TruRees, in TruR to sell the same for the Payment of the Incumbrances thereon, and of his Debts, and for Other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

Sr. Leonard, Mr. Alderman Sazvbridge presented to ftie House, V Shoreditch) according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Faur, Sc. ^Ct, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint u Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing Vox. 35.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smart’s

for Sale of the ERate of Elizabeth Smarti an Infant, Estate.

in the Counties of Durham and Northutnbetland; was read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

4 P to

33 $8° Apri1775*

Cotberidge, to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcester, and Rowland Berkeley, Esquire, to make y ' and establish an Exchange, of certain Lands and Tythes, in the Parish of Cotheridgein the County of was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. committed to Sir Cornwall, Mr. Foley, &c.i‘ And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fishfritfc Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of what Encouragements it may be proper to give to the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the following Bounties be allowed to certain Ships, of the Burthen of Fifty Tons, or upwards, employed

1 in the British Fishery on the Banks of

for a limited. Time, under certain Conditions and Limitations} that is to say; a Bounty of Forty Pounds each to Twenty-five such Ships that shall first arrive in feach Year in the Island of Newfoundland, with a Cargo of Fish, not less than 10,000 by Tale, catched on the Banks thereof; and shall, after landing the fame, proceed for and return with one Cargo of Fish more, at least, catched on the said Banks; and a Bounty . of Twenty Pounds each for One Hundred such Ships which shall next atrive at the said Island with a like Cargo, and shall afterwards proceed again to the said Banks, and return from thence in Manner before-mentioned; and a Bounty, of Ten Pounds each for another One Hundred of such Ships which shall next arrive at the said Island with a like Cargo, and shall afterwards proceed again to the said Banks, and return from thence in Manner before mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the following ’Bounties be allowed to Five Ship6 belonging to Great Britain,. Ireland, or the Isle of Man, employed in the Whale Fishery in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Coasts of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for a limited Time, under certain Conditions and Limitations; that is to say; to the Vessel that shall arrive in each Year in any Port of Great Britain with the greatest Quantity of Oil, being the Produce of One or more Whale or Whales taken or killed by the Crew of such Vessel, a Bounty of Five hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that ’shall in like Manner arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of Four hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall so arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of Three hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall so arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of Two hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall so arrive in Jhe same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of One hundred Pounds; the Oil so to be imported by each of the said Ships being the Produce of One Whale at the least.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Liberty granted by Law to import into this Kingdom, Duty free. Oil or Blubber, and Whale Fins, from Greenland, and from the Parts and Seas adjacent, apd from those of Newfoundland, and of any other of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, in Ships belonging to Great Britain, be extended to Oil and Blubber or Fish, and to Whale Fins of Whales, catched by Ships belonging to Great Britain, in any Part of the Ocean; and that the like Liberty be

granted to His Majesty’s Subjects of Ireland and the Isle of Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Bounties, which are granted by an Act of the 1 ith Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to -Ships fitted out from Great Britain or America for the Whale Fishery, to the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, be allowed, under Certain Restrictidhs, to Ships fitted out for that Purpose from the Kingdom of Ireland, and from the Isle of Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty payable upon the Importation of Seal Skins, catched by Vessels belonging to Great Britain, Ireland, or the Ife of Man, and fitted out from thence respectively, shall cease, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Power be given to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Ireland, to ship and transjjort from thence to Newfoundland, or any Part of where the Fishery

now is or may hereafter be carried on, Provisions, Hooks, Lines, Netting, or other Tools or Implements, of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, necessary for, and used in, the Fishery, by the Ships or Vessels carrying out the fame, and the Craft belonging to, and employed by such Ships in, the said Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That the like Power be given to His Majesty’s Subjects residing in the Isle of Man, to transport from thence, for the same Purpose, the like Provisions, Tools, and Implements, of the Product or Manufacture of Great Britain, or the Isle of Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Clothing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, which are paid out of any of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, and are sent from thence upon His Majesty’s Service, be allowed to be exported from Ireland, to the Places where such Forces shall be so ordered to serve, under certain Restrictions and Limitations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Hogshead be allowed upon all Flax Seed imported, from any Place whatsoever, into the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time, and that such Bounty be paid out of any Monies arising from the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that the Lord North, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Thomas Townshend, the Lord Clare, Lord George Germain, Mr. Conollv, Mr. Cooper, and General Irwin, do prepare, and bring in, die fame.

Samuel Stephens, Esquire, the Petitioner before mentioned, with the said several Counsel and Agents, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioners, and the Counsel for the said Sitting Members, had, in his Presence, alternately struck oft’ One of the said Forty-nine Names contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to thirteen; and that the Counsel for the said Adam Drummond, Esquire, had struck off One of the said Names in the First? Place; the Counsel for the said Samuel Stephens, Esquire, in the Second Place; and the Counsel for the said Will Praed, Esquire, in the Third Place; which Order of striking the said Names had been determined by Lot in his Presence, after the said Petitioner, and the said several Counsel and

Agents,

St. rrr« Elect iou.

15 Geo. III. 28° April. , 331

Agents, were withdrawn from the Bar; and the said Clerk delivered in to the House One of the said

Three Lifts so (truck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Henry Herbert, Esquire, Sir William Guise, Baronet, Sir Henry Gough, Baronet, Philip , Esquire, Sir William Wake, Baronet, George Finch Hatton, Esquire, Joseph Martin, Esquire, the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, the Marquis of , Long

Esquire, Joshua Mauger, Esquire, John Adams, Esquire, Sir Philip Jennings Baronet: And there-

upon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

Iicharjfon’s A Petition of Edward Richardson, of Pimlico, in the Recovery parish

of Saint George, Hanover Square, being offered to Debts be presented to the House;

10 The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac-

kbe Crown, quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner, in the Year 1763, married Elizabeth Pinncck, Mother of Anna Catherine Pinnock, who died in the Year 1762, being then about Seven Years of Age; that the said Anna Catherine Pinnock was, by the Codicil of the Will of Edward Manning, Esquire, Agent for Prizes at Jamaica (who died in the Year 1756) entitled to the Sum of 2,500 Sterling, payable at the Age of 21 Years, which Sum, by . her Death, became escheated to His Majesty, in Bight

of His Prerogative; and that the said Edward ^fanning being, at the Time of his Death, indebted to the Crown in the Sum of £ 22,200 Sterling, for the Value of several Ships and their Cargoes, taken from the Enemy, and condemned as lawful Prizes, his Executors prevailed on the Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica to certify to the Lords of the Treasury, that the said Edward Mamung died insolvent; and that the Petitioner, being an Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, made a Discovery to the Lords of the Treasury, in the Year 1768, that the said Certificate, which was transmitted to their Lordships from Jamaica, was fraudulently obtained; and that the Estate and Effects of the said Edward Manning would amount to near £. 70,000 Sterling, which was more than sufficient to pay all his Debts and Legacies; and that the Petitioner is informed that the Lords of- the Treasury have it not in their Power to grant him a Recompence for the said Discovery adequate to the Service rendered the Public, and the Trouble and Expence he hath unavoidably incurred therein; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

St. Ives The Thirteen Members before mentioned being lileflion. again returned to the House, the said Petitioner, with the said several Counsel and Agents, who had been before directed to withdraw, were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee informed the House, that the said Thirteen ^Members had, by themselves, chosen Two Members from amongst those who were present when the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, as aforesaid, and whose 'Names had not been drawn, and who were allb then present in the House, to be added to the Thirteen Vol. 35.

Members already chosen by Lot to serve on the said Select Committee, and that the Names of such Two Members were Lord John Cavendish, and Abel Moyfey,

Esquire, who not requiring to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, and not being objected to, their Names were added to the said Lift: And thereupon the Names of the said Fifteen Members were called-over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted, by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select . Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Samuel Stephens, Esquire, and allb of the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, Electors of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and they were then sworn by the Clerk as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly try " the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Stephens,

" Esquire, and allb of the Petition of several of " the Inhabitants of the Borough of Saint Ives,

" in the County of Cornwall, Electors of the " said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subseribed, referred to you, and a true Judgment " give according to the Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner, Samuel Stephens, Esquire, with the said several Counsel and Agents, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Buckingham to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, House: to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Wednesday the 12th Day of this Instant April, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Collim, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, 60 *

several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjoarmnfat. House thb Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved,

Wtys and Means.

Poor:

Regulating

Removals.

Accounts

presented;

Coffee.

28° Aprilis. — 1 '"Mail. 1775*

332

Rffolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning rlext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itl'elf into the said Committee.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent unnecessary Removals of the Poor, and to promote the granting of Certificates.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. (

Mr. Van took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Van reported from - the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee exported from England, and of the Customs drawn back thereon, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1774; distinguishing Foreign from British Plantation Coffee, and also to what Places Coffee has been exported: And allb.

An Account of the Quantity of Coffee imported into England, and of Customs paid thereon, from Christmas *773 to Christmas 1774; distinguishing Foreign from Briliftt Plantation Coffee, and from what Places the same has been imported.

Lunce, i° Maii;

Anno 150 Georgii III*" Regis, 177j. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. I Vi (for a, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out the 5th Day of January 1775, being Old Christmas Day, with the annual interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

Mr. Wilford allb, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were reads The laid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To

Accounts

prclemcu.

Public Debt,

Moncj issued oa Addre&s*

r

O

r*

*r\

1

D

(n

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

eg.

rT

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the Public Debts at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, {binding out the 5th Day of January 1775 (being Old Christmas Day)

with the Annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and feribed to the South Sea Company - - - .

Ditto- — for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed

Ditto- for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for the Interest bf old Bills -

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 5tJ Gij 3lU R*t being the original Sum contributed -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, &c. being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the £. 100,000 charged on the Deduction of §d* per Lib. on Pensions, nor the £.1,250,000 borrowed Anno 1774, aiM* charged on the Supplies, Anno 1775.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. <jtU R*, and Two other Acts 610 et 90 Anna Regina, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum -

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent. per Annum A* 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters . *

BANK OF ENGLAND.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum from the ift of August 1743 ——

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii primi Regis - .

Pure ha fed of the South Sea Company - -

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 - - - - .

Ditto — at£. 3 per Cent, per Annum charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady Day 171^- - -

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum A? 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day 1746

Ditto--at£. 3 per Cent. per Amum on so much remaining unredeemed in respect of the several Annuities granted and charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Acts 250, 28°, 290,

32°, 33° Gij. 2dI R», et 4% 6®, 70, 8#, et io°, Gij. 3tU R» - - - - 38,190,088

Ditto — at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, being so much remaining unredeemed of £.500,000, charged on Offices and Penuons, Cdc. granted by an Act 31° Gij. 2*" Rl, »

and Duty on Houses and Windows by the Act 61® Gij. 3d1 R*

Dirt< et 5° Gij. 3

Ditto---- at £ 3 f per Cent, per Annum charged on Offices and Pensions, &V. granted by an

486,107

13 iU7

11 i*3

-at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum on so much remaining unredeemed in respect of the several Annuities granted and charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 25* Gij. 244 R if. 3td R* ——

Act 31° Gij. oP R*, and Duty on Houses and Windows by the Act 6# Gij.

Ditto — at £. 4perCent. per Annum charged on the Sinking Fund, by the Act 2° Gij. 3tU R», being the Remainder of £. 20,240,000, after deducting the Sum of £. 1,253,700, subscribed atul added to the Capital Stock of £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, by the Act 10° Gij. 3d1 R* -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9s. a Ticket, which amounted to £.22,500, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 14,671. 5. And the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 18/. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,000, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £.28,420. And the Subscribers of £.100 for £.3 per Cent. Annuities, Ao 1757, were allowed

an Annuity for One Life of £. 1. 2. 6. which amounted to £*33,750, but is now reduced by Lives fallen in, to £. 28,732. 5. And the Subscribers of £. 100 for £.3 per Cent. Annuities 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years of £. 1. 2. 6. amounting, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £.130,053. 10. 3. And the Contributors of £. 12,000,000 for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to Annuities for 98 Years of £. 1 per Cent. which, with the Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amount to the Sum of £. 121,687. 10. which Annuities for 99 Years, and 98 Years, were consolidated by

the Act fame

4° Gij. tertii Rt, all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the Public Debt, as no Money was advanced for the

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Georgii primi Regis Annuities at £. 3 per C?nt. Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund -

Exchequer, the 1 ft Day Ol May 1 775.

Edw<* Wilford.

£. t. d.

1,836,27s >7

iq8>ioo — -68,255 8

2,200 — -

18,000 — -

3,200,000

1,000,000

3.200.000 — 500,000 —

4,000,000 —

1.250.000 —

1.750.000 — 986,800 —

Annual Interest, or other Charges payable for the fame.

Cn

Q

w

38,676,196 $ i*

18,600,073 16 4,500,000 — -18,986,300 — -

24.350,934 13 ni 1,962,950 — —

24,996,086' 1 6i

£- d.

136,453 12 8

7,567 — —

- 8,325 12 —

540 — —

97,285 14 4

30,401 15 8

100,000 — — 15,000 — — 121,898 3 5

37>S*° — — 52,500 — — 29,604 — —

1,181,883 14 11

568,464 15 1

160,031 5 —

77#>,3I >5 *oJ

323,564 10 3

744,712 7 —

59.99* 13 a

4,445,856 19

4l

« u>>

334

r Ma

..1775.

To the Honourable the Knights, Cit&erts, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ah ACCOUNT of* all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pUrfuaftl to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good, by Parliament.

To William Bowyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies

of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit - - - 5,000 -7- < —

To John Hat fell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing the Journals of the

House of Commons - - - 800 — —

To Samuel Dunn, towards'defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals

of jthje House of Commons - - , - - - , 500 — —

To William Robinfou, Esquire, Secretary of His Majesty’s Board of Works, towards repairing

and enlarging the Prison of the Marshalsea of the Court of King’s Bench ... 4,200 — —

More to him, to be paid over to the several Workmen for repairing the Rolls Chapel - - 578 14 9

To George White, Senior, Esquire, for his Attendance, and the Expences incurred by him in the last Session of Parliament, as Clerk of the Committee of Secrecy at the India HouTe, and other Places - - - 950 — —

To George White, Junior, Esquire, for the like Services, as Clerk of the Committee appointed to enquire into the Nature, State, and Condition, of the East India Company, and of the

British Affairs in the East Indies.....- - - 450 — —

To Thomas Moreton, Gentleman, One of the Clerks in the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the above Committee - ' ' - - - - - 100 — —

. jC- 12,578 14 9

Exchequer, the 1 ft rarta

Day of May 1775. Edwj Wilford.

Luton,

&c.

Roads.

Knapwell

Inclosure.

Ordered \That the Eirft of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the other of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gascoyne reported frofn the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from -Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed' Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of ,in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Knapwell, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

17

An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulb and County of Cambridge; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the Church of Saint Vigors, in the said Town; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourne, and County of Cambridge; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the Church of Saint Vigors in the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Brtftol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint M’s, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 86 Acres, viz the Owner of 40 Acres of Land, who did not agree to the Bill, but whose Agent attended

upon

Fulbourne

Church*

Cook worthy^ Patent.

Wisbech*

&c.

Drainage.

lAevagiffey

Pier*

Tadmarton

Inclosure*

Goodncke’t

Mat.

Pitrt

Estate*

it Geo. III. i° Ma335

upon the Committee, and made nb Objection to the Bill; the Owner of io Acres, who was applied to by Letter, but never gave any Answer; the Owner of 25 Acres, who, being very ill, could not be seen; and the Owners of 11 Acres, who could not be found; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be drained amounts tt> 6,805 Acres or thereabouts; and that no Period appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire (fled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table! ’ Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for completing and maintaining the Pier, at the Town of Mevag in tho. County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be. An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier, at the Town of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Wenmanreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Tadmarton and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; TTiat the Committee had Examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th Day of April 1774, relative to Bills.' of Inclosure, had not been complied.with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of, the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodricke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Mr. Foley, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, deviled by the Will of William Pitt, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be loid; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to such of the L ies limited or deviled by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of taking Effect, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,. An Act for vesting the settled Estates deviled by the M ill of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in Trullees to be Ibid. and for applying the - Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Lies, was read the First Time.

Vol. 35.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the ElTate cf nam, in the County of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James Dickson, Esquire, deceased, and now to Captain William Dickson, as shall be luififtent for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame, was read the First Titne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tunc.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mordecai Greene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement made for, and on the Behalf of, Alice Bland, Widow', deceased, with Ralph Milner; and also to grant Building and Repairing Leases of such Parts of the Estates of the said Bland, as lie in or near the Town of Mane Infer-, and allb Leases for Twenty-one Years, of other the Estates late of the said Alice Bland, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Van, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent unnecessary Removals of the Poor, and to promote the granting of Certificates, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric’s Table': Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second' Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally. put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fol. 1, Lancs. 15 and 16, by leaving out the.-Words " an Apprentice bound by Indenture to or " shall be."

And the Question being put, That those Words Hand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Wednesday the 12th Day of this Instant April, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, as and for the Money laid out in the Purchase of The Queen's House, and in rendering the same convenient for a Royal Palace, and in Con-.sideration of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House being converted, and applied for the future, to the Purpose of holding and keeping therein certain Public Offices.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nmine contradicente, That the House doth

agree

Dickson’s

Estate.

Greene's*

&c«

Estates.

Poor:

Regulating

Removals;

Promissory Notes, &c.

Buckingham House: Queen’s Residence*

336

Maii.

A.

1775-

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, as and for the Money laid out in the Purchase of The Queen's , and in rendering the same convenient for a Royal Palace, and in Consideration of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House being converted, and applied for the future, to the Purpose of holding and keeping therein certain Public' Offices. *

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom.it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Message of Wednesday the 12 th Day of this Instant , and which were then agreed to by the House, might be again read.

And the feme were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, Nemine That the Palace

" in which His Majesty now resides, lately known by " the Name of Buckingham House, and now called " The Queen's House, be settled on the Queen, in lieu of Somerset House, in case She shall survive His Majesty.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That 'from and " after the Determination of such Settlement, the said " Palace be annexed to, and vested in, the Crown of ' " Great Britain.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Palace of Somerset House, which by an Act, made in the Second " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was settled upon " the Queen, be vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and " Successors, for the Purpose of erecting and establishing certain Public Offices." -

Ordered, That a Bill be, brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and atfo upon the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into further Consideration His Majesty’s raoft gracious Message of Wednesday the 12th Day 01 this Instant April, and which has been agreed to by the House: And that the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Harris, General Fitzroy, Mr. Burke, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Cooper, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Antigallican A Petition of James Layman and William Stone, on Privateer. Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of the Antigallican Private Ship of War, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Proprietors fitted out the said Ship, at an Expence of £.10,453; and, on the 26th of December 1756, (lie made a lawful Capture of the Due de Penthievre, a French Ship from China, valued at £.335,000, which Prize was condemned at Gibraltar the 28 th of February following; and that, on the 2d of March 1757, the Antigallican and her Prize, being in the Port of Cadiz, the Spaniards, with Force and Violence, seized the said Prize, without any reasonable Ground for such Procedure; and that, after various Applications to the Spanijls Ministers for Redress, they, instead of relieving the Petitioners, ordered the Ship Antigallican to be also seized, which was accordingly done, on the nth of August following; and that the Petitioners have never received the lead Satisfaction for the Injury; and that His Majesty gave the Proprietors His Royal Word that the Petitioners should be relieved by an Article in the late Peace, and that Orders were given for that Purpose, which were, by some fetal Delay or Neglect, never complied with; and the Petitioners are well allured that Copies of such Orders, and other material Papers relative thereto, are now in the late Lord Egremons Office; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Proprietors, being men, have a Claim of Protection, both in their Li-

berty and Property, from that. Government which they contribute to- support, particularly as their same is a public Insult to the whole Nation: And therefore' praying the House, That they may be relieved in such.

Manner as the House shall fee proper.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, that the Petition of divers Bedford Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, in the EleSioo. County of Bedford, and Electors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, and Electors for the said Borough (which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last) and also the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the feme were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question bang proposed, That the said Order be discharged;

The House was moved, that the Entries in the Journals of the House, of the 30th Day of November and x 1 th Day of February . 1747, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Petition of several Freemen of the City of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and several other Freemen of the said City, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the feme were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas J^ir William Wake, ?

tellers for the leas, jMr Alderman o/ r, J 37-

Tellers for the Noes lThe of Upper I 71

tellers lor the l\oes,|Mr> WhitbreaJ 7 ’

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Petition is referred.

A Petition of William Holbech, Esquire, was pre- Claydon, fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Yncirfnre-the Petitioner is entitled, by virtue of a Lease for Lives from the Lord Bishop of Oxford, to all the Great Tythes within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Claydon, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, or to certain Modules or Payments in lieu of Tythes, and also to certain Glebe Lands, within the said Parish; and taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of , in

the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford; and representing to the House, that, if the said Bill should pals into a Law as it now (lands, it will be very iryu A

rious to the Petitioner, and will very materially assess his Estate and Property: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, and may have such Relief in the Premises as the House shall diink equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his < Petition, if he thinks fit. % -

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, . that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said *

Petition*;

A Message

Sir M. Walton’s Estate.

5f,

Onfirrton Tillies. *

Duke of Argyll's Estate.

litj. Shelley'« Estate.

Bull's

Estate.

SjVM.j

Warton’s

Estate.

Barbad^es

Harbour.

15 Geo. III. 10Mali.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pecheli and Mr. Walker, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the said Eames: Colony have made a considerable Progress in restoring

Mr. Speaker, a proper Depth of Water in the Harbour at the

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bottom of Carlisle , in the said Island, which they for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and intend to perfect and preserve for the future.

Division, made by and between Sir James Penny man. That the said Colony have expended in the Profecu-Baronet, Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, and Michael tion of the said Work the Five thousand Pounds, for-Newton, Esquire, of divers Manors, lands, and Here- merly granted to them by Parliament for that Purpose, ditaments, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Mid- together with the annual Produce of certain Duties dlesex, and City of London, late the Estates of Sir imposed for the same Use by their own Legislature,

Michael Warden, fought, deceased j and for settling and amounting to about Two thousand Pounds a Year, limiting the eniirc*Wfe specific Parts and Shares, which, which Duties they have lately continued until the said tapon the said Partition and Division, have been allotted Work shall be completed. '

to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned; That the said Colony already find such Advantages to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this from lo much of the Plan as has been executed already,

House: And allb, as to render them anxious to finish it, but are unable to

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act make any greater Exertions themselves.

for vesting in the Reverend William Peacock and his Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands, and Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to the Tithe$f~ of the Parish of Danby Wijke, and Gas- whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply ferton, otherwise Yoffer Lon, in the County of York; granted to His Majesty.

and for. settling certain Freehold Estates of the said " ,

William Peacock, in him and his Successors, Rectors of Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Richardson's the said Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes to whom the Petition of Edward Richardson, of Pirn- Recover)-of therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Conr . lico, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, was 10

turrence of this House: And allb, referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat- 1 e rowo*

The l ords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act ter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had di-to enable John Duke of Argyll, to fell certain Rights rested him to report a State thereof to the House; and of-Servitude over Lands, in the County of Argyll, be- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards longing in Property to Hugh Seton, Esquire, and Sir delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same James Campbell, Baronet; to which the Lords desire the was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Concurrence of this House: And also, A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act laid Petition is as follows:

to enable the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Mr. John Rittfon produced the Answer of Mr.

Baronet, and the Trustees named in the Settlement on Francis Baxter, the l'urviving Executor of Edward his Marriage with Dame WilhelminaShelley, deceased, Manning, Esquire, deceased, to a Bill exhibited in His his late Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the Majesty’s High Court of Chancery by the Petitioner County of Sussex, comprised in such Settlement, in Edward Richardson; whereby it appeared, that the Tef-Exchange for, or in lieu of, other Estates belonging to tator died possessed of a real and personal Estate of the £he said Sir John Shelley, in the same County; to which Value of near £. 70,000; and also produced the Exa-the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And mination of the said Francis Baxter to Interrogatories, allb, exhibited by the said Edward Richardson, before a Maf-

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act ter of the said Court of Chancery; whereby it appeared, for veiling the Estates of Edmund Bull, Esquire, in that His Majesty’s Attorney for the Island of Jamaica

the County of Hertford, and City of London, in Truf- had taken Possession of all the real Estate of the said tees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and In- Edward Manning in order to satisfy a Debt due from cumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed; Mr. Manning to His Majesty.

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the House. ... Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

And then the Messengers withdrew. whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply

granted to His Majesty.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply; Division, made by and between Sir James Pemtyman, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Baronet,' Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, and Michael to consider further of the Supply granted to His Nnvton, Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Here- Majesty, be now read.

ditaments, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Mid-' And the said Order being read accordingly; dlesex, and City of London, late the Estates of Sir Ordered, That the Account of the Honourable Charles \MichaelWarton, Knight, deceased; and for settling Sloane Cadogan, Mailer and Worker of His Majesty’s and limiting the entire and specific Parts and Shares, Mint within the Tower of London, of all Monies by which, upon the said Partition and Division, have been him had and received out of His Majesty’s Receipt of allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein Exchequer and elsewhere, as allb of all Monies by him mentioned, was read the First Time. paid and disbursed for the Charge and Expence of the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. laid Mint, from the ill of January to the 31st of

‘ December 1774, exclusive of Monies received and paid

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, by him for the Re-coinage of light Guineas, as provided to whom the Petition of George Walker, Esquire, Agent for by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

for the Island'and Colony of Barbadoes, in the Behalf, be referred to the said Committee.

and by Order, of the said Colony, was referred; That Ordered, That the Account of the Remainder of the

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said English light Gold Coin defaced, and purchased of the

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame. Public at Standard Price, by the Governor and Com-

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the pany of the Bank of England, - which was melted into Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Bars, and delivered into the Mint for Rc-coinage, in the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is the Course of the Year 1774, be referred to the said as followeth; viz. - Committee.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, George Ordered, That the Account of Money paid at the *' Yol. 35. 4 It Treasury,

Accounts

wdered*

Ditto.

Hindon

Election.

338 i° — a*

Treasury, for distetypered Cattle, 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please (o receive the lame.

’Ordered) That the Report be received Tomorrow ^Iorning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they nuy have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered', Tha,t there be laid before this House, an' Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, which was imported into this Kingdom Duty-free j and of the Duties of Sugars, Cambricks, &c. granted by an Act of the 6 th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign and also of the Duties on Apples; and of the Monies paid by the Counties which have hot raised the Militia, pursuant to an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and of Imprest Money re-paid there.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the 4th, 6 th, and 7 th, Years of His Majesty’s Reign, which were directed to be raised in the British Colonies and Plantations in , and

to be paid into the Receipt of 1 i is Majesty’s Exchequer, separate and apart from all other Monies, and to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in

America.

A Petition of Thomas Howell, now a Prisoner in gate, by virtue of an Order of the House of Commons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, having been examined before a Committee of the whole House, relative to a Bill to incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of , touching the Absence of Thomas Spencer and John Two Persons who were ordered to attend the House, did, on such Examination, partly through Ignorance, trot rightly understanding feme of the Questions put to the Petitioner, and partly through Fear (the Petitioner not having been used to give Evidence before so great an Assembly) prevaricate in giving his Evidence; and that the Gaol of Newgate is so full of Criminals that the Petitioner cannot have even a Bed to lie on, and, from the Unwholesomenels of the Place, his Life is in great Danger, and the Petitioner hadi a Wife and several small Children dependent entirely on the Petitioner’s daily Labour: And therefore praying

the House to take the above Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner his Discharge from the said Gaol o i Newgate (the Petitioner being willing and

desirous to alk Pardon, at the Bar of the House, for such his Offence, and sincerely promising never tp offend in the like or any other same for the future) or

Maii. A. 1775-

if it should be deemed necessary to prolong the Punishment of the Petitioner (which he hopes will be thought to have been already sufficient) that he may be Ordered-to be discharged from the said Gaol of Newgate, and sent to some more wholesome Prison, or that he may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That Thomas Howell, committed by this House to His Majesty’s Gaol at for having

grolsly prevaricated in giving Evidence before a Committee of this House, be discharged from his Confinement there j and be, for his laid Offence, committed tq the Prison of the Gatehqufe; and that Mr. Speaker 49 issue his Warrants accordingly.

The other Order of the Day being read >

Revived, That (his Hoyfe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House, upon the Bill ip explain and amend an Act, made in the 32d Year of his late Majesty’s Reigp, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with " respect to the Iipprisonment of their Persons j and tq oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in " Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not ex* " ceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to makf " Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estate# *- for their Creditors Benefitand to prevent Aftjons being brought upon Judgments, without Leave of thf Court, or Courts, wherein such Judgment shall fray* been entered up respectively.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 2* Maii\

Anno 15* Georgii HP" Regis, 1775. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir Alexander , of

Craigmiller, Baronet, and also the Petition of Dickson, Esquire, John Dickson, Esquire, Andrew Lawson,

Esquire, Patrick Gray, Deacon of the Weavers, John Young, Deacon of the Hammermen, Thomas Deacon of the Skinners, Robert , Crafts

Counsellor, and John Htitchinfon, Deacon of the Fleshers, all Members of the Town Council of the Burgh of dington, at Michaelmas 1774, and also the Petition of the Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of North Berwick, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants, and Burgesses, of the same Burgh, and also the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Cpuncib of the Burgh of Dunbar, in Behalf of themselves, and the

whole Inhabitants and Burgesses, of the same Burgh, severally complaining of the undue selection and Return of the Honourable John Maitland, for the District c£ Burghs of North Berwick, Haddington, Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dunbar, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Sejeft Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Election and Return, according to the Directions of Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in- the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Rfeftions, or Return? of M?nifcter$ to serve so farhamqqt,

Thq

InfoNenft

DebtW*.

Way* ad Mwi

North

Berwick,

&c.

15 Geo. III. 2° Mail339

The Serjeant at Arms was tlirested, fey Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Butina fs of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 104 Members being found to be present;

The Petitioner, Sir Alexander Baronet, with

his Counsel and Agents, who also appeared as Counsel and Agents on Behalf of the said other Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, who attended at the Door, were callbd in to the Bar: The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee attending also at the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Oonlideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Box, containing the Names of all the Members of the House, and sealed with Mr. Speaker’s Seal, was placed v»pon the Table; and the Seals being inspected fey Mr. Speaker, the Attestation annexed to the Out-fjde of the said Box, and signed by Mr. Speaker, purport, ing, " That the said Box was, on the ill Day of May 1775, made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, " or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read.

And the Seals being broken, and the Box opened, the Attestation inplofed therein, and signed by the Clerk, purporting, " That the Names of all the Members " were by him, in the Prelence of the Speaker, put into " the said Box on the ill Day of May 1775," was

.read.

’ And the said Names, written on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as near as might be of an equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, were, by the Clerk, taken out of the said Box, and put in equal Numbers into Six Glasses, placed on the Table for that Purpose, and were there lliaken together; and then the Clerk publicly drew out of the said Six Glasses, alternately, the the said Pieces of Paper, and delivered them to Mr. Speaker, who read the same to the House.

And the Names of Sixteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Fletcher , Esquire, being

drawn, the Counsel for the Petitioner declared, that the said Member was intended to be nominated by the said Petitioner; and the said Member having, in his Place, consented to Inch Nomination, and no Objection being made to his serving on the said Select Committee, as such 'Nominee, his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, wore drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Wray, Baronet, being drawq, the Counsel for the Sitting Member declared, that the said Memher was intended to be nominated by the Cud Sitting Member; and the said Member having, in his Place, contented to such Nomination, and po Objection being made to his serving on the said §efeft Committee, as such Nominee, his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected ,tp.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the 1 Ioufe; Five, on Account of their being

VOL. 35.

Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; and Twelve, On Account ef thek then serving on Select Committees appointed to try the Merits of controverted Elections.

And the whole Numbpr of Forty-nine Members lo drawn, and not excused, or set aside, being complete;

And Two Lists of the said Names having been prepared by the Clerk;

The Door of the House was opened;

And one of the said Lifts was delivered to the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the other of them to the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and thereupon the Petitioner, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, immediately withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Elizabeth Smart, an Infant, in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, was read a a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Dodd, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted BUI from the Lords, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Prebend Manor of Myth Mihou, in the County of Oxford, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Reqt Charges, or Annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheeldon, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Myclt Milton aforesaid; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the feme, so charged, in the Reverend Charles Sturges, his Heirs and Aligns, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dodd, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they aFe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill fratn the Lords, intituled. Act Act for vesting the Estates of Edmund Bull, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, and City of in Trustees, to

be fold, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Saint

Peters and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets

of Wisbech Alurrow and WiJljech in the Isle of

Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preferring certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Marrow and Wisbech Guykirn, in the Me of Efy, and County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to tire Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Benjanrina -

ricke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed hiuj to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the BUI be ingrafted.

A BUI

Srmrt’f

Estate.

Mrch Milton Prebend*

Boll’s

Estate.

Wist>ecb,

*c.

Drainage*

Goddhcke*

Nat.

St. Leonard Shoreditch foor. See.

Gifferton

Tithes.

Sir J. Slielley'* Estate.

r

Tadmarton

Inclosure.

Buckingham

House:

Queen's

Residence,

Kildale

Iqpiofore.

54°

2* Mail

1775-

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of " the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore- ditch, in the County <&. Mid; and for building

" a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land

for a Burial Qround, for the Use of the said Parish," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

.worth, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Reverend William Peacock and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands, and the Tithes, of the Parish of Danby , and ferton, otherwise Tafferton, in the County of York; and

.for settling certain Freehold Estates of the said William Peacock, in him and his Successors, Redors of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act -to enable the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, and the Trullees named in the Settlement on his Marriage with Dame Wilhelmina Shelley, deceased, his late Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the County of Sussex, comprised in such Settlement, in Exchange for, or in lieu of, other Estates belonging to the said Sir John Shelley, in the same County, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Upper Tadmarton, and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Upper Tadmarton and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Wettman do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 26th Day of Aprillaft, and the ill Day of this Instant

May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Con fid e-ration His Majesty’s mioft gracious Message of Wednesday the 12 th Day of April last, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for felling Ely in Holborn, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, in eroding and establishing certain Public Offices; and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of the Savoy.

A^ Bill to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Kil-dale, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be -committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir -ArchibaldEclmonjlotie, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering, explaining, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Salters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for punishing Persons guilty of entering into unlawful Combinations, to leave off working.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enabling the Two Universities to hold irt Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, for the Advancement of useful Learning, and other Purposes of Education, within the said Universities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord North, Mr. Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, Part of the fetded Estates of Meliora confon, the Wife of William Dicconfon, Esquire, in Trullees, to be sold, and for investing the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Lies, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir Alexander Gilmour, the Petitioner before-mentioned, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, together with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, being again returned to the Bar, the said Clerk informed the House, that the Counsel for the Petitioner, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member, had, in his Presence, beginning, on the Part of the Petitioner, alternately struck off One of the Forty-nine Names, contained in the said Lifts, until the Number was reduced to Thirteen; and he delivered in to the House One of the Lifts lb struck, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned Lift was read; and is as follows:

Charles IVolfeley, Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer, William Strahan, Esquire, John Ord, Esquire, Sir Philip Hales, Baronet, Anthony Eyre, Esquire, Scudamore, Esquire, Alexander Popham, Esquire,

Benyon, Esquire, Charles Morgan, Esquire, Edmund Burke, Esquire, Major . Laurie, Lord Georgs Germain.

And

Colliers,

Sic

Scotland.

Copy Right of the Universities.

Dicconfon's

Ellate.

North Berwick, Sec. Election.

15 Geo. III. 2° Ik

And the Names of Fletcher Esquire, and

Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, nominated as aforesaid, being added to the said Lift, the Names of the said Fifteen Members Were called over; and being come to the Table, they were acquainted by Mr. Speaker, that they were a Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of Sir Alexander , of

Bcronet, and also the Petition of Andrew Esquire, "John Dickson, Esquire, Andrew En-

quire, Patrick Gray, Deacon of the Weavers, John Young, Deacon of the Hammermen, Thomas Deacon of the Skinners, Robert , Crafts

Councilor, and John Hutchison, Deacon of the Fleshers, all Members of the Town Council of the Burgh of Haddington, at Michaelmas 1774, and allb the Petition of the Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of North Berwick, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants, and Burgesses, of the feme Burgh, and allb the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of Dunbar, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants, and Burgesses, of the same Burgh, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of North Berwick, Haddington, Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dunbar; and they were then sworn by the Clerk, as follows:

" You, and each of you, shall well and truly " try the Matter- of the Petition of Sir " Alexander Gilmour, of Craigmiller, Baronet,

and allb of the Petition of Andrew Dickson,

" Esquire, John Dickson, Esquire, Andrew " Lawson, Esquire, Patrick Gray, Deacon of " the Weavers, John Young, Deacon of the " Hammermen, Thomas Pringle, Deacon of the " Skinners, Robert Cunningham, Crafts Counsellor, and John Hutchtfon, Deacon of the " Fleshers, all Members of the Town Council " of the Burgh of Haddington, at Michaelmas " 1774, and also of the Petition of the Magistrates, and Town Council, of the Burgh of " North Berwick, in Behalf of themselves, and " the whole Inhabitants, and Burgesses, of the " feme Burgh, and allb of the Petition of the " Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of " the Burgh of Dunbar, in Behalf of themselves, and the whole Inhabitants, and Burgestes, of the feme Burgh, referred to you,

" and a true Judgment give according to the " Evidence.

" So help you God."

And then the said Petitioner, Sir Alexander Gilmour, with the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed

for hearing the Trials; of controverted Elections.

Coal Mr. Eden, according to Order, reported from the Waggons, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for admeasuring Waggons, and other Carriages, used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had jdiredted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

"PP'y- Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Vot. 35.

taiu 341

from the Committee of the whole, House, tO,whorri it was referred to consider further of tno Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House -, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Forty-six thousand Eight hundred and Forty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied to reimburse the Governor and Company of the Bank of Engle the Charges and Expences incurred by them in receiving the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm, in Pursuance of an Order of the Lords Comissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, of the 22d Day of July 1773, and for Interest of the Monies advanced by them to the Holders of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Twenty* two thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary-Charge of His Majesty’s Mint in the Tower of London, in the Year ended the 31st Day of December 1774.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Twelve thousand Five hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, w'hich has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in Pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa. '

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to assist the Inhabitants of the Island of Barbadoes in defraying the Expence of cleansing the Channel, repairing the Mole, and rendering the Harbour there more fafeand commodious.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which, has been paid to several Persons, as a Compenfetion, and in full Satisfaction, of their Losses and Expences incurred, pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, out of the Monies that have been, or shall be, paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on Account or the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of the late War, to be paid to Mr. Edward Richardson, or his Assigns, in Reward and full Satisfaction for the Information and Assistance given by him in the Discovery of the Estate and Effects of the late Mr. Edward Manning, one of the Agents for the Sale of the said Prizes in the Island of Jamaica.

The feid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House R*Pe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 5 upon the Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

4 S Lord

Hindon

Election#

Dittoi

Ditto.

Phillips*

Lighthouse.

Northern

Passage

Discovery.

34a a" — 3 1775.

Lord Charles spencer took the Chair of the Com- Ordered, That Admiral and Captain Graves

mittee. be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to pre-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. pare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions,

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, which, upon the ioth Day of last, were reported That they had gone through the Bill, and made several from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him was referred to consider of granting a Reward to such to report, when the House will please to receive the Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall diffeme. cover a'Northern Passage from Europe to the West and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as Morning. shall penetrate to the Pole.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon, to give an Account of what had *been done, in relation to the taking Thomas Spencer and John Beckett;

The Messengers, who were sent in Search of them, informed the House, that very strict Enquiry had been made after the said Thomas Spencer and John Beckett; but that they were not yet taken.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuritj 30 Mail;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide? further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Richard Smith-, Esquire, do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Captain Faf Nairn do attend this House, at the same Time.

Anno 150 Georgii JII1" Regis, 1775.

Rr AYERS.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to fell certain Rights of Servitude over Lands, in the County of Argyll, belonging in Property to Hugh Seton, Esquire, and Sir James Campbell, Baronet, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodricke, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodricke.

Ordered, That Sir John Goodricke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock, or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to ered and maintain a Light-house upon the said Rock.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Merchants in the Port of Liverpool, whose Names are subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report should be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the Petitioners be admitted to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, upon the Report of the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Captain bvttrell have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement, made between John Earl of Breadalbane, and James Menzies, of Culdares, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Perth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the- Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Scotland, the Twenty-eighth Day of June One thousand Six hundred and Thirty-three, intituled, " Act anent " the Clan Gregour," and the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three, intituled, " Act for the Justiciary in the Highlands," lb far as relates to the Mac Gregoxrs; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament, of the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-one, relative to the People called Mac Gregours; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act

Duke of Argyll*

Estate*

Goodricke9*

Nat.

Ears

Breadalbane'*

ElUtC.

Drummond9*

(M‘Gre£our's)

Name.

Cottages.

Watt's

Paient.

Anftrnther Easter, Pier, be.

Shadwell,

See.

Streets,

Brinsley,

&c.

Inclosure.

Vifeouat

Grimftcm’s

Estates,

Peacocked

Estates,

15 Geo. III.

f Mail

343

" Ad: against the erecting and maintaining of Cottages;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in James Watt, Engineer, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the lble Use and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called Fire Engines, of his Invention, described in the said Act, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anjlruther and Liberties thereof* without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions within, New Gravel , and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, S ha dwell, in the County of

Middlesex, not comprised in an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rofemar , and the other Places therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of , in the Parish of

Greajley, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Essex and , being

the settled Estates of fames Lord Viscount of

die Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Portions and Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by stich Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the county of ,

to be lettled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William

cocke, Esquire, and Emma his Wife, in the Parish of Llanedwan, in the County of , in the said

William Peacocke, in Fee Simple* and for settling an Estate Of the said William' Peacocke, in the Parish of Penmynydd, in the same County, of greater' Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act FcacotkeY for veiling Part of the settled Estates of William -cocke, Esquire, and Emma his Wife, in the Parish of Llanedwan, in the County of , in the said

William Peacocke, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said William Peacocke, in the Parish of Penmynydd, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilford, from Accounts the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Pfe^nted i in; and, at the Bor, presented to the House, pursuant xc ?<^UCT‘ to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the 4th, 6th, and 7 th Years of His Majesty’s Reign, which were directed to be raised in the British Colonies and Plantations in,

and to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, separate and apart from all other Montes, and to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations m America: And allb,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, which was imported into this Kingdom Duty free; and of the Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, &e. granted by an Act of the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and allb of the Duties on Apples; and of the Monies paid by. the Counties which have not raised the Militia, pwrfoant to an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and of Imprest Money re-p«id iherc.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The skid Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Buigeffes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, arisen by the Duties granted by several Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Years of His Majesty’s Reign, which were directed to be raised in the British, Colonies and Plantations in America, and to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, separate and apart from all other Monies, and to be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the necessary Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

Duty on Rum and Sugars since Michaelmas 1764

Duty on Melasses, &c. since ill November 1766

Duty on Paper, Glals, Tea, iBc. since 20th November 1767 -

Exchequer, the 3d Day of May 775.

- 960 5 ro£

10,253 14 4

" 364 3 — i

if. 11,578 3 si

' Edwd Wilford,

Vox.. 35,

To

344

A 1775.

30 Mail

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the L)iIposition of Parliament, arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, which was imported into this Kingdom Duty free; and of the Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, granted by an Act: of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign j and also of the Duties on Apples; and of the Monies paid by the Counties which have not raised the Militia, pursuant to an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and of Imprest Money re-paid there.

Militia Money, per Ad 9* Gij. 3® Rs.

Duties on Rice imported Duty free -

Duties on Sugars and Cambricks, 6° Gij. 3lii Rs.

Duty on Apples imported -

Imprest Money repaid by the Executrix of Matthew Woodford

Exchequer, the 3d Day or May 17*1$.

£ S. d.

- - - 1,462 15 11

- - 7,107 *5 9

- - 1,094 10 4r

16

- ,* 1,298 — —

IO>976 18 2

Edwj Wilford.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act HampUcad for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Public (^fojex) Passages, within the Town of Hampstead, and Parts Wntclu

Highgate > ... _ # _

and thereunto subscribed, being inhabitants of Goswell Street, adjacent, within the Parish of Hampstead, in the County Hamp(lead and Parts adjacent, in the County of Middlesex, was of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly Watch R°ads. pretented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of therein, and a PatroJe between the said Town and the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, several London; without any Amendment: And also,

Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bremhill, to Highgate Galehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain &c-in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; n n " 1 7 7

and also to continue, and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gate house and Hampstead, and from St. Giles's Poutid to Kilbourn Bridge, to make

a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgzvare Road, ijiear Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act dinefted to be under the Care and Management of the 7ruftees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads; by which Bill, the Petitioners are informed, an additional Toll is intended to be raised; and letting forth. That a very considerable Part of the said Street is comprised in the said Act; and that the Pavement of the said Part of the said Street has been neglected, and is now very much out of Repair, to the great Injury of the Inhabitants, and the Inconvenience of the Public, the same being the principal Avenue from the Great Northern Road to the Center of the City of London', and that other Part of the said Street, being within the Provisions of the Acts for paving in London, has been effectually repaired: And therefore praying.

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for paving such Part of the said Street as is under the Care of the said Trull, in the same Manner, and as effectually, as -that already done by the City of London, and for keeping the same in good Repair for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

iv/i ui v aut/uiiigj uiiu a laiix

Stinted Pasture called Stockham Marfa, in the Parish Incoure' f of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts; and for exons-rating certain old Inclosures, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lock'i veiling the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, intailed by ElUtc, the Will of lVII!ia7?i Lock, El quire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other ERates, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities and other Charges thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords de/Ire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeRengers withdrew.

Air. Cooper presented to the House, according to Buckingham] Order, a Bill for settling Buckingham House, with the House: Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall fur- !

vive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House; lor enabling the Lords Conunissioners of His Alajeliy’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House, in Ho/born, and for applying the Money to aril'e by Sale thereof, together with other Alonies, in erecting and eRablishing Public Offices in Somerset House; and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the FirR Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-poled, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the Laws of Scotland, relative

to

Electiontt

Scotland.

Way. dad Mcji ».

Rape

Seed.

15 Geo. III.

5° — 4*

to the Qualifications of Freeholders entitled to vote for Members of Parliament.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplufes, stated the 5th Day of iApri/ 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufes stated the 10th Day of October 1774, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1774 has been dil-posed of, distinguished under the several Heads until the nth Day of April 1775, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the ift of July 1765 (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sales of Lands in

the Islands of Dominica, Tobago, and Saint in 1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered That the Account of Sales of Lands in the Ceded Islands, in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18 th Day of July 1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the General Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Caribbee , in

the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of

April 1770) be referred to the said Committee. . - J:

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes, taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the House upon the 7 th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee; i‘ .

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales.©LLands " in Dominica* 9Hi April 1770" (which was presented

to the House upon the 16th Day of April 1772) be referred to the said Committee.

- Then the House resolved itself into, the said Committee. r

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Commit-jtee. That they had come to several Jtlefoli^tions; which they had directed him to report, when the JHouse will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be. received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that tfcey may have. Leave to tit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-.ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir George Macartney do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds

Vol. 35.

Lock’s

Estate.

producing Oil, imported from Inland, was committed.

Sir George Macartney accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, entailed by the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other El-tates, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities and other Charges thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and ^Estate. Hereditaments, in the Counties of EJj'ex and,

being the settled Estates of James Lord Viscount Grimflon, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Portions and Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Putchafe of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Hertford, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Poor Laws, into further Consideration the Report which was made *c* from the Committee, who Were appointed to review and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, ybithin that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That , the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 40;

Anno 15*. Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775-

Pr

AYERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Town of Mevagifjey, in the County of Cornwall; without ;any Amendment: and also.

The Lords Have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, of Long h and in

.the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and: inejofing certain Open Arable Fields,

4 T „, Meadows,

MeraglfTcy

Pier.

Long

Itchiagton,

tec.

In ck>lure.

Su tton-cum-Lound Inclosurr.

Frteman*

lnveilment.

Promissory Notes, tec.

4° Mali.

A. 1775.

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cum Loitnin the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands at Hadley, in the Parish of Wellington in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of the Reverend Joshua Pulford, Clerk, deceased, in Joshua Free-

man, and his Heirs; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Merchants, principal Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and Manufacturers of Cutlery Wares, in Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, during the late Scarcity of the Gold Coin, of proper Weight and Quality, in the said Town and Places adjacent, occasioned by the Diminution thereof, the Silver Coin, which, before such Diminution, had been found fufli-cient for Change, became greatly insufficient to supply the Want of good Gold Coin for the necessary Purposes of the Trade, and therefore Two principal Banks were let up in the said Town for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants with Calli, and for negotiating Bills of Exchange, by Persons of unquestionable Capital and Credit, who deviled a Method of issuing out their Notes for One Guinea, Half a Guinea, and Five Shillings and Three Pence each, payable to the Bearer on Demand; which Notes were approved of, and received in Payment, by the Inhabitants, and were duly honoured by the Drawers, and were found to be of great Utility during the Scarcity of good Gold Coin; and that afterwards some inferior Shopkeepers and Retailers took upon themselves to issue Notes for is. 6 d.3 s.3*. 6 d.and 5J. 3 merely to answer a

self-interested Purpose, which they had Opportunities of enforcing upon the Inhabitants, in lieu of Silver Change; and although such smaller Notes passed current, yet the poorer Sort of Workmen, who were under the Necessity of taking them for their Wages, having no' regular Method of keeping and preserving such Notes, frequently by* MistakeHw*. Accident loft them, or they became destroyed, torn, or defaced, so that the Owners foftained great - Losses; and that, notwithstanding the said Two principal' Banks have declined issuing the said smaller Notes, and are paying off such as are outstanding, being now fumished with a sufficient Quantity of good Gold Coin, yet there is a very great Circulation of small Notes, which are daily issued out by a Person whom the Petitioners have Realbn to believe does not issue such Notes for the public Benefit, but for Purposes before observed; and the Petitioners have great Realbn to apprehend most Part of the‘Silver Coin, iVhich, in Consequence of the Commerce of the said Town, would circulate there, is with-held or 'lent away to a great Distance, to prevent the Inhabitants being supplied with the lame, the more effectually to enforce the Currency of such small Notes, which has produced a Scarcity of Silver Coin never known in the said Town; and' talfing Notice of the Bill to restrain the Negotiation of Tip-miffory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and alledging, that if the said Bill pstfles into a Law it will be of great Advantage' to the Trade and

Manufacture of the said Town,. and-prevent the In-

jdries frequently sustained through the accidental -Losses of 'such Notes, or by the tearing, defacing, and Deftfuftion, thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pafi into a Law, under such Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet; ‘ .

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 18

Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lord Browulow Bertie reported from the Committee, Ellne

to whom the Bill for the more easy and (peedy Reco- Small Debts, very of small Debts, wfitbin the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and heTead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to Pewfejr whom the Bill for dividing and laying in Severalty the ^ncIof"re* Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Common Downs, called Southcott Down, Kepnell Down,

Work Down, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts, was committed: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25 th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but that all the Parties interested in the Lands intended to be inclosed, had signed the Petition for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame7to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to; the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons possessed of Twenty-seven Acres and an Half of Land in the said Fields; and that. the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed, and to be divided and laid in Severalty, contain 1200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report irt his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the-Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ope; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Beacoasfield the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several R‘oad' Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, wis committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that tho Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the1 House.,

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

t

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the pCpbl« Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his E^"^gh late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and *"

widening

15 Geo. III. 4 Mali.347

widening the several Roads in the Courtty of leading from Tweedfcross, towards the City of Edinburgh, by B/yth BridgeLa , and intern, and by Linton and Car lops, and from Inglejion, through Carhps, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; anti then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Collier!, An ingrossed Bill for altering, explaining, and t*e- amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering, explaining, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Shaftesbury The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Election. ioth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House " of Commons, to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in " Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall " die during the Recess of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act'. And that Mr. kinson, the Lord lrnham, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Rigby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fisheries. Ordered, That it be an Inflrudlion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, in Pursuance of the Resolutions, which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of what Encouragements it may be proper to give to the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports of Great Britain, and the British Dominions in Europe.

Poor _ An ingrossed Bill to prevent unnecessary Removals of

.Regulating the Poor, and to promote the granting of Certificates, JUmovali. was read the ThiRfTime

Resolved, That tire Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent unnecessary Removals erf- the Poor, and to promote the granting of Certificates.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clothing Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Ireland Order, a Bill for allowing the Clothing and Accoutre-Stc,* ments necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exjrorted from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland,

Vol. 35.

for a Time to be limited i And the same was deceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Fisherie*. Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Electiom: altering and amending the Laws which regulate the Qualifications of Freeholders, entided to vote in the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Henry Dundas, Sir Adam Ferguffon, and Mr. Solickpr General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Meaos for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on the 24th Day of last past, was or were possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any Annuities, being Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of 3/. per Centum Annuities consolidated by several Acts of Parliament, of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of several subsequent Acts, which were made payable and transferrable at the Bank of England, or of the Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th and 26th Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and of the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, called Reduced Annuities, also payable and transterable there, or of certain 3/. per Centum Annuities, which are payable and transferable at the South Sea House, called Old South Sea Annuities, and Nezv South Sea Annuities, or of 3/. per Centum Annuities, which were created by an Act of the 24th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and made payable and transferable at the South Sea , shall be at liberty, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, on the 8 th Day of this Instant May, to deliver or transmit to the Chief Cashier, or other proper Officer appointed to receive the lame, at the Bank of England, a Writing, signed with his or their Name or Names, signifying his, her, or their Consent, to accept, in lieu of his, her, or their, Interest, in any Part of the said Principal or Capital Stocks, and in full Satisfaction and Discharge thereof, the Sum of Eighty-eight Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Sum, cOmpofing One or more entire Sum or Sums of One hundred Pounds, or Fifty Pounds, of such Principal' or Capital Stock, and expressing what Sum or Sums, Part of the said Capitals or Joint Stocks, he, she, or they, are uefirous of subscribing towards the Redemption of One Million of the Whole of the said Joint Stocks; and in case the

fevcul

U8 4* Maii. A. 1775*

several Sums so subscribed shall together exceed the Sum of One Million, the several distinct Sums f© subscribed shall be reduced in such Proportion as the Total Sum subscribed bears to One Million, as near as the same can be done, so that no fractional Part of Fifty Pounds be admitted, but that the Sum to be allotted on each Subscription shall be Fifty Pounds; or a Multiple of Fifty Pounds} and that every Person, Body Politic or Corporate, shall receive f orty-four Pounds for each Fifty Pounds contained in such Sum or Sums allowed, in respect of his, her, or their, Subscription, of such Principal or Capital Stock; one Moiety thereof to be paid on or before the 15th Day of July next, and the other Moiety on or before the 20th Day of October next, together with the Interest due on the Capital Stock so subscribed, to the 5th Day of July 1775:

That every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, for every One hundred Pounds of such Subscription, be entitled to receive Six Tickets, in a Lottery to consist of 60,000 Tickets, at the Rate of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings each (and in that Proportion for any greater or less Sum) the said Tickets to be paid for in Manner following} that is to say; That every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so subscribing as aforesaid, shall, on or before the 18th Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit of One Pound, in respect of the Money to be paid for each Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the Cashiers of the Bank of England on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say; for and in respect of every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 2 2d Day of June next. Three Pounds on or before the 28 th Day of July next, Three Pounds on or before the 29th Day of Auruft next, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings on

or before the 2d Day of October next; that, upon such Payments being completed. Tickets shall be delivered as soon as the same can be prepared, to the Persons entitled thereto; that the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on the ill Day of March 1776, or as soon after as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies so to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament; and that every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, any of the said Annuities, and so subscribing as aforesaid, shall have a Certificate from the said Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for such of the Annuities as are payable at the Bank, and from the Accomptant General, or other proper Officer of the South Sea Company, in respect of such of the Annuities as are payable at the South Sea for the Amount of the Principal or Capital Stock of their said Subscription, or of such Sum to which such , Subscription shall or may be reduced as aforesaid, and of all such Sum and Sums of Money as he, she, or they, shall be entitled to receive in Consideration thereof, and in lieu and in Discharge of his, her, or their, Capital, so subscribed or reduced as aforesaid; and the Holders or Bearers of such Certificates shall be paid at the Bank of England, or at the South Sea House, respectively, the several Sums of Money expressed in such Certificate, together with Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Capital Stock subscribed, in the Manner, and at the Times, hereinbefore described; that, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with. such. Interest, the Whole of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Subscription

shall Hand discharged, and be annihilated, and the Annuity payable in respect thereof, shall, from the said 5th Day of July 1775, ceale, and be extirv* guished:

That Books be opened, at the Bank of England, on the 8th Day of this Instant May, for receiving such Subscription and Consent as aforesaid; and that no Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, be admitted to subscribe, or signify his, her, or their. Con-lent, for any Sum or Sums, amounting in the Whole to more than Twenty thousand Pounds, or to less than One hundred Pounds Principal or Capital Stock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Nine hundred and Fifteen thousand Five hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplufes, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1776, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, out of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and that shall be paid in there on or before the 5th Day of April 1776, of the Produce of all or any of the Duties and Revenues, which, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, have been directed to be referred for the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America, be applied towards making good such Part of the Supply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Islands, for the Year 1775.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the 5 th Day of April 1775, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1776, of the Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Cooper, and Mr. Eden, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Esquire, complaining of an undue Election ami Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The

i-5 Geo. III. 40 — 5 349

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration. *.:

' And the first Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Several Parts of the Minutes of the Examination, taken before the said select Committee, were read.'

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, " That there was the mofl notorious Bribery and Cor-cc ruption at the last Election of Members to serve in "this present Parliament for the Borough of \Shafton, " otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset."

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, " That the said Bribery and Corruption require the " most serious Consideration of Parliament.*’

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant for the making out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Shaftesbury, until the House shall have proceeded to take the Minutes of the Examination, taken before the said select Committee, into further Consideration.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that it is too late to proceed to take the said Minutes into further Consideration in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it will be highly expedient, that the House do proceed to take the feme into Consideration, as early as possible, in the next Session of Parliament.

Shaftesbury Ordered\ That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

£k^011, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new c< Writs, for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die <c during the Recess of Parliament," that they do make Provision in the said Bill, that no Writ be issued for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, by Virtue of the said Act, during the next Recess of Parliament.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ptomiflory The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Notes, &c. wl10le House, upon the Bill to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hartley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VOL 35.

Veneris, 50 die Maii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy. Elloc Recovery of frpall Debts, within the Hundred Debts, of Elloey in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and laying in Se- Pewfey veraity the Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Inclosure* Open, and Common Downs, called Southcott Down,

Kepnell Down, Work Down, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Common Downs, called Southcott. and Kepnell Down,

Work Down, and other Commonable Places, and also for dividing and inclosing Pewfey Common, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Beaconsfield several Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, Road, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dudley’s for veiling the settled Estates, devised by the Will of Estates. Thomas Dudley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Hungerford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Cotheridge, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral lt Church of Worcester, and Rowland Berkeley, Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Tithes in the Parish of Cotheridge, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the 4 U Bill

r M. Warton's Estate.

St. Paul,

Covent Garden, Poor, ice.

Ramsey,

&c.

Drainage,

Administering Oaths by Justices.

Montague Close Sale, &c.

350

50 Mali. A. 1775-

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division, made by and between Sir James Penny man. Baronet, Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, and Michael Newton, Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and dlesex, and City of London, late the Estates of Sir Michael Warton, JCnight, deceased; and for settling and limiting the entire and specific Parts and Shares, which, upon the said Partition and Division, have been al-Iqtted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mackworth, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Estates of the late Samuel Homing, Esquire, situate in Jamaica, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, for the Payment of the Incumbrances thereon, and of his Debts, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for admeasuring Waggons and other Coal Carriages used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports in this Kingdom, except the Ports of c‘ Newcastle and Sunderland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for admeasuring Waggons and other Carriages used in loading Coals on board Ships, at the several Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner as at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Work-house thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wiftow, War boys, Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington,* within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to empower Justices of the Peace to administer Oaths, where any Penalty is to be levied, or Distress to be made, in Pursuance of any Act of Parliament wherein the same is not expressly directed, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of divers Messuages, Wharfs, and Hereditaments, called Mountague Close, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

17

A Bill for settling Buckingham House, with the Appur* Buckingham tenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall survive His q°,: Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset Residen«.

House-, for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House, in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Offices in Somerset House-, and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Goat Skins. Skins into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Earthen Ware Ware (except Gaily Tiles) the Manufact ure of Europe, ir, P°rlatloa-to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the feme with a Duty ad Valorem, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, lb Eastlndm much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign Com,)*ny' of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised " by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied " in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the ,"

as obliges the said Company to export, annually, Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Ma-nufefture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

15 Geo. III. 5 351

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ment of the Debts affecting the fame, was read a of the whole House. Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Advocate of Scotland, Mr. &c.: And they are to

House, upon the said Bill. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber.

Coin An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Officer appointed

Weight*. to mark or stamp the Weights to be made Use of in Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in to whom the Bill for enabling the Two Universities to punuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- hold in Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, for the ment, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Advancement of useful Learning, and other Purposes Office, was read the Third Time. of Education, within the said Universities, is committed,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title that they have Power to extend the Provisions of the be, An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to mark laid Bill to the Colleges of Eton, and a-

or stamp the Weights to be made use of in weighing the chester.

Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of The House was moved, that an Act, made in the an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen certain Fees in the Execution of his Office. Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill " Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. " the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the

" Times therein mentioned," might be read.

Elections, The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the And the same being read accordingly;

Scotland! House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

amending the Laws which regulate the Qualifications of mittee, that they have Power to make Provision in the Freeholders, entitled to vote in the Election of Members laid Bill, for enforcing the Execution of a Clause in the to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of said Act, which provides, that the several Copies of each Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was re- Book printed, and registered under the Directions of the ceived; and read the First Time. said Act, be delivered to the Warehouse-keeper of the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Stationers Company before Publication made, for the Use

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. of several Libraries therein described.

Luton, An ingrossed Bill for continuing, and making more That the Order of the Day, for the Second

tcc. effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the - Reading of the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters

Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to W Patent, granted by His present Majesty to William wood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to Saint Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Albans, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Time. Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Bristol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have be. An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, been assigned) to carry the find Discovery into effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Execution, for the Benefit of the Public, be now read. Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Wefiwood Gate, in And the said Order being read accordingly;

the said County, and from Luton to Saint Albans, in the Tfie laid Bill was read a Second Tunc.

County of Hertford. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the rick Montagu, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet Lords, and desire their Concurrence. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to Peebles An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term of an Act, have Voices, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the

widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next, leading from Tweedfcrcfs, towards the City of Edinburgh,

by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton Ordered, That Sir George Savile do make the Report and Carlops, and from Ingleflon, through Carlops, until all from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh, Bill to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes was read the Third Time. and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title within that Part of Great Britain called England, was be, An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in committed.

the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Sir George Savile accordingly reported from the said jesty King George the Second, for repairing and widen- Committee, the Amendments which the Committee ing the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to from Tweedfcross, towards the City of Edinburgh, by be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ameridr and Carlops, and from Ingleflon, through Carlops, until ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment^ all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Edinburgh. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do thereupon, were agreed to by the House. carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

rence. ingrossed.

Dickfoi)’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, to whom Lfiatlk for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in the Petition of divers Inhabitants, being Householders Scotland to fell such Part, or Parts, of the Estate of of Bedford in the County of Bedford and Electors for Ednam, in the County of Roxbutgh, formerly belong- that Borough, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of ing to James Dickson, Esquire, deceased, and now to the Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, and Captain William Vickfon, as shall be sufficient for Pay- Electors for the said Borough* was referred; That the Vol. 35. Commit toe

Copy Right of the Universities.

Co«k worthy’ Patent.

AdjoommMC.

Promissory

Notes,

Bedford

Election,

Bedford

Election.

354 50 Mali. . A. 1775.-

Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Hornbuckle, who has been an Alderman of

Bedford Thirty Years, being examined, your Committee found from his Evidence, that he always understood Bedford to be a Borough by Prescription; that he was present at a Common Council in September 1769, when the Corporation made 513 Freemen in One Day, none of whom were Householders of Bedford, or ever exer-tiled any Trade, or served any Office, there; that they were admitted just before the Choice of a Mayor, and acted in that Matter immediately after; that they had continued to make such Freemen every Year since, and he was certain they would go on doing so, unless some Stop is put to it, by which the Inhabitants of Bedford will entirely lose their Right of electing Members to serve in Parliament; that at the Time of making the said 513 Votes several desired to be admitted to their Freedom, thinking themselves legally entitled to it by Birth or Servitude, although they had not been reported lb entitled from the Court Leet, and were refuted; that, at the Time of making the said Votes, Fourteen of the Common Council were for it, and Ten against it; that the Members of the Common Council must be Inhabitants; that at the above Council it was objected by the Lord Recorder, ‘ that the making the said £13 ‘ Freemen was depriving every One who had a Right ‘ to his Freedom by Birth or Servitude of that Right, Children born and unborn;’ that some honorary Freemen were made in 1749; that when he came into the Corporation, they never made any body free for leis than Five Guineas and their Fees; that he often objected to the making of honorary Freemen; that the taking of Five Guineas of honorary Freemen was left off about the Year 1750, because the Corporation wanted Freemen for certain Purposes, and could not find enough to pay that Sum; that the said 513 paid One Guinea for Fees, and nothing to the Chamber; that those who are made free by Right are entitled to 'it only for their Fees; that the Guinea paid by the said 513 was divided amongst the Officers of the Corporation; that of the Freemen who claimed their Freedom and were rejected, some applied to the Jury, were reported, and afterwards admitted; that he never remembered any honorary freemen admitted without a Fine, till 1769, when the 513 were made; that he did not oppose the making of honorary Freemen, as understanding the Corporation had no Right so to do, he always deeming them possessed of frich Power.

It further appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. John fVkitworth, Mr. Edward Wells, and Mr. Benjamin King, that they had paid Fines, besides their Fees, when they Were admitted to their Freedom; the First £. 17. 5 s. the Second £. 10. and the Last £.12.

It also appeared to your Committee, from the Evidence of Mr. Theed, who has lived in Bedford ever since the Year 1740, was Clerk to the Town Clerk there Six Years, of the Common Council in 1769, and present at the making of the said great Number of Freemen in that Year; that at the Common Hall, when they were made, the Town Clerk produced a Paper with' a Number of Names very" much confused; that he was ordered to read them over, which he did, and was challenged by the Witness with reading them wrong, which was the Fa<ft; and that he was of Opinion that they were not read right at last; that the Council Chamber is so small, that not a Quarter of those whose

Names were on that Paper could possibly be in it at that Time; that it had always been usual for Freemen to come in by Petition, and that he never ‘knew any other Way till that Lift came; that he used to write the Petitions; that they always described the Profession of the Persons, and named his Place of Abode, and were addressed to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council; that in the Lift above mentioned, the Place of Abode was mentioned; that those who were on that Lift, and made free at that Time, were to pay 19 6

but gave £. 1. is.; that Mr. John Heaven was Mayor at that Time, and the Money was paid to him as they were lworn in; that he never saw the original Lift since, but liipposed they were entered fair in the Council Books afterwards; that in his Remembrance all honorary Freemen paid something to the Chamber Stock on their Admission, besides their Fees; that it was got as low as Three Guineas, but several paid a great deal more; that at the Council in 1769 a Question was put, whether the honorary Freemen should be made ? and carried Fourteen to Ten; that all who voted at that Time were Inhabitants of Bedford, except the Duke of Bedford, who told them they were doing wrong, for that the Intention was not to, introduce Foreigners; that he did not recollect whether the Bye-Law of the Year 1693 was mentioned then or not; that he voted against admitting the honorary Freemen, not as objecting to the Corporation’s Right to admit them, but only to the Manner of doing it j that he never knew the Number of honorary Freemen was limited, but always understood it to be at the Pleafore of the Corporation to make what Number they thought proper; that he had seen the Bye-Law of 1693, and believed it never was repealed; that before the making of the great Number of honorary Freemen in 1769, he believed such had been admitted for left than Five Guineas Fine, but never without paying something; that he did not recoiled! that any who were proposed in 1769 were rejected; that the Common Council consists of the whole Corporation, that is, the Mayor, Aldermen, Two Bailiffs, Recorder, and Common Council; that about Thirty had a Right to attend in 1769, and Twenty four or Twenty-five did; that he never knew any Man to be of the Council who was not an Inhabitant of Bedford; that in 1769, when the great Number were made free, the Names were not put singly, but all in a Lump; that he apprehended they could not be entered in a Book till some Days afterwards; that it was the Business of Mr. Hill, the Town Clerk, to enter them; that Freemen admitted by the Corporation are good Voters if they have paid to the Corporation Stock; that the Admission of the Freemen in 1769 was very different from the Admission of any other; that it was without Form; that on other Occasions they were proposed separately, and all who had not a Right used to have it by Petition; that he was not against admitting those who claimed their Freedom in 1769, but were not reported from the Court Leet; that the whole Council was fom-moned in 1769, and he never knew it otherwise; that the Notice on all Occasions is only, ‘ That there will ‘ be a Common Council,’ without Specifying the Bufi-nefe; that he is not of the Corporation now, having resigned; that the Transactions of the Corporation were always entered in a Book when he was there; that at the Time of making the honorary Freemen in 1769, the Lord Recorder laid, in his Speech, ‘ He wished the ‘ Corporation would take Care what they were about; ‘ that they had no Right to admit so extraordinary a

Number; that the Intention of making honorary Free-

men was to compliment neighbouring Gentlemen, and

if they would proceed he must take Notice of it in

another Place,’ or to that Effect; meaning, when the Town itself would not supply a sufficient Number to keep up the Credit of the Corporation, they then might

make

i5 Geo. III.

5’ — 8* Mail

make honorary Freemen: That before 1769 he believed most of the honorary Freemen were neighbouring Gentlemen; that he could not recolieft whether the Minority of the Corporation ever talked of taking Counsel’s Opinion on the Legality of that great Number of Freemen, though they wished it; nor was any Prosecution commenced against the Majority for that Act, to his Knowledge.

And your Committee further found, by the Evidence of Mr. Leech, That he had lived in Bedford since the Year 1750, and served his Apprenticeship there^ that he is not in the Corporation, but was made free on paying Five Guineas, besides his Fees, and f. 1. ioj. for a Treat; that no Common Council Man, or other Officer (except the Recorder) of the Corporation, can be elected, unless they are resident in the Borough; that'in 1769 the Corporation consisted of the following Persons; viz. a Mayor, Recorder, Thirteen Aldermen, Two Bailiffs, and Thirteen Common Council-Men; of which Number John Heaven (the Mayor), Gedny Phillips, William Parker, Senior, fViUiam Parker, Junior,

Thomas Cave, John Cave, Richard Cave, John Howard, Thomas Knight, William Palmer, William Webb, John Hill (Town Clerk) all Aldermen; William and Robert Clements (the Two Bailiffs) and Thomas Salmons, John Rcfe, William Parker, Thomas

Eagle, William Harris, and John Palmer, (Common Council Men.) voted for making the said great Number of honorary Freemen; that he was pretty certain they were present on the Monday, but not quite -sure with respect to the First Day; that at -that Time there was no Want of Freemen at -there-being then about

400, of which about 150 were resident in the Towns that he did not hear any of the Corporation declare for what Purpose the.(kid Number of honorary Freemen were made; that Freemen are appointed by the Common Hall; and that it is usual for honorary 'Freemen 4o attend the Election of Mayors,

Ordered, That the said Report 'be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Pitt's Estate. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for.vetting certain Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, devised by the Will of William Pitt, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to such of the Uses limited or devised by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of taking Efieft, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eden, Mr. Mackworth, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 33d Year of his late Majesty’s;Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect " to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige " Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison " beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not-exceeding " what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their " Creditors Benefit;" and to prevent Actions. being brought upon Judgments, without Leave-of the Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up respectively, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Elwesreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and -made several Amend* - Vox, 35.

353

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.'

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed* nefdayMorning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mordecai Greene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement made for, and on the Behalf of, Alice Bland, Widow, deceased, with Milner; and also to grant Building and Repairing Leases of such Parts of the Estates of the said Bland, as lie in or near the Town of;

and also Leases for Twenty-one Years, of other the Estates late of the said Alice Bland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then -the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lm*)8° Maii; ‘

Aqno 15* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1775.

-P-R A Y Z R S.

ORDERED, That Mr. do carry

to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Reaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurck, in the County of Oxford, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iptituled, Ap Act -for vetting in the Reverend fPilliam and his.

Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands, and the Tythes, of the Parish of Danby W'tfke, and Gafferton, otherwise Tafferton, in the Coifnty of Fork; and fqr settling certain Freehold -Estates of the said William Peacock, inhim and his Successors, Rectors.of the said

Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein . mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Lascelles, Sir George Savile, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber. - 1

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the 6th Year or the Reign of Queen Anne, the nth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the loth, 13th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Wirxvitk; and for more effectually amending the said Highways, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fanje to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once

4 X read

Greene's, tii ate.

Wars and Means*

Beaconsfield

Road.

Gafferton

Tythes,

Old

Stratford,

&c.

Roads.

354

8° Mail. A. 1775-

lead throughout; artd then a Second Time, One by tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, House.

were agreed to by the House. , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to empower Justices of the Peace'

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to administer Oaths, where any Penalty is to be levied, juineci

Argyll's to enable John Duke of Argyll to fell certain Rights of or Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of’

Servitude over Lands, in the County of Argyll, belong- Parliament wherein the same is not expressly directed, ing in Property to Hugh Seton, Esquire, and Sir James was read the Third Time.

Campbell, Baronet, was read a SecondTime. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frc- be. An Act to empower Justices of the Peace to Admi-derickCampbell, Mr. Lascelles, See.: And they are to nifter Oaths, where any Penalty is to be levied, or meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Distress to be made, in pursuance of any Act of Par-Speaker’s Chamber. liament wherein the same is not expressly directed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whit worth do carry the Sr j.Shelley’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Effete. to enable the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet,

and the Trustees named in the Settlement on his Mar- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

riage with Dame WiIhelminaShelley, deceased, his late for veiling divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and EtfeiesT*

Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the County of Hereditaments, in the Counties of Essex and Norfolk,

Sussex, comprised in such Settlement, in Exchange for, being the settled Estates of James Lord Viscount 6'rim-or in lieu of, other Estates belonging ta the said Sir of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold,

John Shelley, in the same County, was read a Second for discharging Portions and Incumbrances; and for ’ Time. . laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by such

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Sale* in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Whitworth, Mr. Tucker, Sec.: And they are to meet this Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ShafWbwy Mr.’ Jenkinson presented to the House, according to Ek&ion. Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs, " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, " in the room of such Members as shall die during . " the Recess of Parliament and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with Respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during - the next recess of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lock*, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Elfete. for veiling the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, entailed by the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, in Truuees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities and other Charges thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That jthe Bill be committed to Mr. Combes, Mr. Garth, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brize Norton Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and l^e read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

Hertford, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Rigby, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Peacocke'* for veiling Part of the settled Estates of William Pea-cocke, Esquire, and Emma, his Wife, in the Parish of Llanedwan, in the County of Anglesey, in the said William Peacocke, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said William Peacocke, in the Parish of Penmynydd, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Pennyman, Lord Bulkeley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Greene'*

.to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, D4vorce* upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined a Witness for the said Bill; and also that they had heard Counsel against the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lord George Germain, from the Select Committee, North Berwick, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of &.c-the Petition of Sir Alexander Gilmour, of Craigmiller, *e<^lon-Baronet, and also the Petition of Andrew Dickson,

Esquire, John Dickson, Esquire, Andrew Ef-

quire, Patrick Gray, Deacon of the Weavers, John Toung, DeacoA of the Hammermen, Thomas Pringle,

Deacon

ie

Doyne’s

E&ate.

Floor Assize, &c.

15 Geo. III.

Deacon of the Skinners, Robert Cunningham, Crafts " as it hath always proved to be, in Weight nearly Counsellor, and John Hutchinson, Deacon of the <c Three-fourth Parts of the Weight of the middling Fleshers, all Members of the Town Council of the " Grain.

Burgh of Haddington, at Michaelmas 1774, and also, the " Resolved, That it appears to this Committee,

Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the " That, according to the ancient Custom of the Land,

Burgh of North Berwick, in Behalf of themselves and the " every 20th Grain, or Five per Centum of the Weight whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the said Burgh, and " of the Wheat, is full and sufficient Toll for the also the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Miller’s Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit.

Council, of the Burgh oi Dunbar, in Behalf of them- <c Resolved, ThatTt appears to this Committee, That selves and the whole Inhabitants and Burgesses of the «c every Milier, if the Law does not at present oblige said Burgh, severally complaining of an undue Election " him so to do, should, under certain Restrictions, and Return for the District of Burghs of North Ber- 5C be obliged to grind and dress all such Wheat as wick, Haddington, Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dunbar, in- c< shall be brought to his Mill by any Person requiring formed the House, That the said -Seledl Committee the fame.

have determined, . " Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

That the Honourable John Maitland is duly elected Forty-two Pounds avoirdupois of the whole Flour, a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for " when sold at the Mill, is equal in Value to the the District of Burghs of North Berwick, Haddington, " middling Price of a Winchester Bushel of middling Lauder, Jedburgh, and Dunbar. " Wheat at the same Time.

And the said Determination was ordered to be en- " Resolved, That it appears to this Committee,

tered in the Journals of this House. " That the Magistrate, Magistrates, and others, who

" is and are, by the Laws now in being, authorized An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act " and empowered to set the Assize, and fix the Price, for veiling the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Estates " on Bread, should be authorized and empowered, in late of Robert Doyne, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in " like Manner, to set the Assize, and fix the Price,

Trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be of Flour.

sufficient-to pay off and discharge all the Debts, Le- " Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

gacies, and other Incumbrances, affecting the said when the Magistrates, who are, by the Laws nowin

Estates; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, 44 being, authorized so to do, shall have prohibited any was read a Second Time. <c Bread, purporting to be of the superior Quality, or

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William <c sold at an higher Price than the Standard Wheaten Mayne, Mr. Byng, See.: And they are to meet this " Bread, from being made for Sale, they be empowered, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s " in like Manner, to prohibit, if they think proper, any Chamber. <c Flour purporting tabe of a superior Quality, and fold

" at an higher Price than the whole Flour of Wheat,

The House was moved, that the Resolutions, which, " from being made for Sale, or fold, except for the upon the 14th Day of June, in the last Session of Par- " Purposes of making such small Bread as may then liament, were reported from the Committee, who " be allowed (by Licence under the Hand and Seal of were appointed to consider of the Methods practised cc such Magistrate) or for the Purposes of Pastry and in making Flour from Wheat, the Prices thereof,"and Cl Confedtionary.

how. far it may be expedient to put the same again " Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That under the Regulations of an Assize, and to report the " the said Magistrates should, in order to enforce the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, " Regulations made respecting the Standard Wheaten might be read. " Bread, be empowered to order, if they think proper,

And the same were read accordingly; and are as " that no Miller or Mealman shall use, during the . followeth; viz. <c Continuance of such their Order, any Bolting

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, <c Cloth finer than herein described; that is to of That until the Statute, intituled, " Affiza Panis44 say; a Cloth 6 Feet in Length, and 6 Feet 7 44 Cervifia, made in the 51st Year of the Reign of " Inches in Breadth at the Head, and 6 Feet broad <c Henry the Third, was repealed by an Act, intituled, " at the Tail, composed of Woollen Yarn, and weigh- (An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread) " ing One Pound when new, having 32 Threads to the <c passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, 44 Inch in the Warp, and 28 Threads to an Inch in the

" the Charge of the grinding and dressing the Corn " Shoot, and what is at present known, and commonly " into Meal and Flour was included in the Assize " called, a 13 s. Cloth, nor any finer Wire Sieve or <c which was set upon Bread from the Price of " Machine than that which comfifts of 42 Wires to an Wheat. cc Inch both Ways, and the Weight of 6 Inches

44 Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That " Square of which is One Ounce and One Dram."

" the letting any Assize on Bread, and the fixing a Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

€< Rate upon the Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit the due making of Flour of Wheat, and to regulate 14 of the Baker, so long as the Miller or Mealman is at and ascertain the Sorts, Goodness, and Prices, thereof,

" Liberty to make what Sorts of Flour he shall please, wherever the Regulations for ascertaining the Sorts,

44 and to affix thereunto what Prices he shall in like Goodness, and Prices, of Bread made of Wheat, do *c Manner please for his Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and take Place: And that Mr. Pozvnail, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

€c Profit, is either impracticable,* or must be injurious to Stephens, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brett, Sir Harbord Harbord,

44 the Baker, or a great Burthen to the poor Labourer, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Pennant, the Lord Mayor of Mechanic, and Manufacturer. London, Mr. Marsham, the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

« Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, The Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Croftes, Mr. Cruger, Mr.

« Evils arising from there being no Restraint, either Page, and Mr. Ongley, do prepare and bring m, the

" with respect to the Sorts of Flour that are made, or fanie-

*c to the Prices at which they are . fold, may be xe-

" medied, by setting such an Assize upon Flour as shall Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways

" be found just and reasonable, with respect to the to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ar*d Meant*

<c Average Market Price of Wheat. to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

" That the whole Flour of Wheat is in general, - And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 35. Resolved,

8° Maii.

355

35^ 8 'Mali. A. 1775*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- building the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Six Clerks A Petition of several Proprietors of Chambers in " An Act for rebuilding the Office of the Six Clerks Offices, Garden Row, Lincoln's Inn, in the County of Mid- " of the King’s Court of Chancery, and for erecting nco s nn. dlesex, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors " Offices for the Register and Accountant General of of Chambers in the said Row, was presented to the " the said Court, for the better preserving the Records,

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners " Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in are Owners of certain Chambers m Lincoln's Inn, ad- " such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six joining to the Garden, for Term of Life, the Rever- Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln’s Inn, instead of re-fion in Fee belonging to the Society of the said Inn; building the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery and that it hath been usual for the Benchers of the said; and for other Purposes, was read a Second

Society, whenever any of the said Chambers becamtf Time.

vacant, by the Death of a Proprietor, to grant out Refohed, That the Bill be committed.

the same again to some Member of the said Society, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

for the Term of his Life, and to demand and receive of the whole House.

a considerable additional Price for the fame, in Pre- Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday ference to other Chambers belonging to the said So- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ciety of equal Goodness, on Account of their Conti- whole House, upon the said Bill, guity to the Garden; and that in Cohsequence of an Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Act, palfed in this present Session of Parliament, the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the said Benchers hare fold, for a considerable Sum of Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before Money, Part of the said Garden, for the Purpose of the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think erecting Public Offices, for the Use of the Register fit. and Accountant General of the Court of Chancery,

opposite and very near to the Petitioners Chambers, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bull’* without making them any Satisfaction for the Injury for veiling the Estates of Edmund Bull, Esquire, in the Estate. done to the Petitioners, although such Buildings will County of Hertford, and City of in Trustees,

render their Chambers of small Value, and the large to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Incum-additional Price which hath been paid by the Pe- brances, and other Purposes therein expressed, was read titioners for their Situation will be entirely loft; and a Second Time.

that the Petitioners, conceiving that the said Act Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-might be highly injurious to their Property, had de- worth, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet this

ttermined to apply to the House for Relief but were Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers, induced to desist therefrom j by Assurances given froth Chamber, many of the said Benchers, that full Satisfaction

should be made to the Petitioners for any Injury that A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Montagu and ftiouM arise to them therefrom; but the Petitioners Mr. Cuddon: have never been able to- obtain any Relief in the Pre- Mr. Speaker,

mises; and taking Notice of the Bill for applying the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mitfoid, Funds provided for re-building the Offices of the Six for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, &c*

Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Lamditch, in the oor*

made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present County of; without any Amendment: And

Majesty, intitulfed, M An Act for re-building the also,

" Office of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fulbourne " Chancery, and for erecting Offices for the Register for taking down the Church of All , in the Church. " and Accountant General of the said Court, for the Town of , and County of; and for

" -better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and the better repairing and keeping in Repair the Church " Books of Account, kept in such Offices," in building of Saint Vigors, in the said Town; without any Amend-Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lin- ment: And also,

coin's hm, instead of re-building the present Six CterkS, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wlfbech

Office in Chancery Lane; and for other Purposes; by for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, _ &c-

Which Bill the said Benchers are empowered to fell in the Parxfhes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech ramage*

for a cdnsiderable Sum of Money, another Part of the Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow

laid Garden, contiguous to the Petitioners Chambers, and Wisbech Guyhtrn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of

for the Purpose of erecting a large Public Office for Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

the Six Clerks of the Court of Chancery, which will The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Knapweil

fee & further Injury to the Petitioner’s Property; yet for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Incl^

the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend that no Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and

Satisfaction is intended to be made to them, although Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Knapwell, in the

the Petitioners are informed, that the said Benchers County oiCamhidge^ without any Amend ment: And also,

have infilled upon, and are to receive, a considerable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Goodricke*

additional Price for their Land, in Consideration of the for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodricke; without Nat*

Damage that will be done to the Petitioner’s Chambers any Amendment.

by the proposed Building: And therefore praying, And-fhen the Messengers withdrew.

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for making Satisfaction to the Petitioners, for the Damage they Nix, Herbert, from the Select Committee, who were St. Ire* will sustain by such Building, out of the Money-to be appointed to try and determine the Merits of the EleOiao. paid for the Purchase of such Part of the said Garden -Petition of Samuel Stephens, Esquire, and also the Peas aforesaid; or that they may be heard, by themselves tition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of or Counsel, in relation thereto, and have such other Saint-Ives, in the County of Cornwall, EJeftors of the Relief as to the House flrall seem meet. said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta- severally complaining of an undue Election and Return ble, until the said Bill be read a Second Time. for the said Borough, informed the House, That the

Ditto, A Bill for applying the Funds provided for re- laid Select Committee have determined,

17 That

.. i.

Pfomiflbry

Notes,

Itc.

Hindon

ilcftiop,

Ditto.

15 Geo. III. 8s Mali. 357

That William Praed, Esquire, is dot duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That Adam Drummond, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall:

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That the last Election for the Borough of Ives, in the County of Cornwalis void, with respect to One of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for' the said Borough.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Praed, Esquire, whose Election for the said Borough has been declared void.

An ingrossed Bill to restrain the Negotiation of Pro-milTory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That' Sir George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Howell, now a Prisoner in the Gatehouse, Westminster, by Order of the House,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner being examined, before a Committee of the whole House, relative to a Bill depending to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, touching the Absence of Thomas Spencer and , John Beckett, Two Persons who were ordered to attend the House, did on such Examination (partly through Ignorance, and partly through Fear, the Petitioner not having been used to give Evidence before so great an Assembly) prevaricate in giving his Evidence; for which Offence he was committed to Prison; and that the Petitioner is very poor, and, if not released from his Confinement, himselfand a large Family mull soon be in a deplorable Situation, they having but the Petitioner’s daily labour to depend on; and alledging, that the Petitioner was not any Way privy to the absconding of the said Spencer and Beckett, or either of them; And therefore praying the House to take his unhappy same into Confederation, and to discharge him from his Confinement, being willing and desirous to alk Pardon at the Bar of the House for such his Offence, and sincerely promises never to offend in the like or any. other same for the future; and that the House will take his great Poverty into Consideration, and order his Discharge from the said Prison, without paying the usual Fees attending the Commitment of a Prisoner by the House, which said Fees the Petitioner is wholly unable to pay.

A Petition of William Lucas, now a Prisoner in the Prison of the Gatehouse, by Order of the House, Was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner being in London, on his own private Business, and accidentally attending at the Lobby

Vol. 35.

of the House (to hear, what wa? done with respect to the Bill now depending for the Extension of the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) was examined touching the Absence of Thomas Spencer and John Beckett, Two Voters of the said Borough, who were ordered to attend the House, to give Evidence relative to the said Bill; and that, on such Examination, the Petitioner did, though unintentionally, prevaricate in giving his Evidence, but informed the House all he knew concerning the said Spencer and s

Absence; and that he was not privy to, or advised them, or either of them, to abscond, nor does not now know what is become of them; and that the Petitioner, by having drawn down the Resentment of the House for such his Prevarication, hath already suffered much in his private Business and Affairs in the Country, in so much that it must be a Work of much Time and Labour to reinstate and put them again in Order; and, if his Imprisonment is further prolonged, he mtift be ruined: And therefore praying the House to grant his Enlargement from his present Confinement; and in respedh the Petitioner hath been (by his imprudent, though not wilful, Behaviour) already so great a Sufferer in his private Affairs, that the House will take the same into their serious and humane Consideration, and order his Difchirge, without Payment of Fees, he being willing and desirous to ask Pardon for such his Offenrt, at the Bar of the House, and sincerely promises never to offend in the like or any other same for the future.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give Ditto* an Account of what he had further done, in relation to the taking Thomas Spencer and John Beckett;

The Messenger, who was sent in search of thetn, informed the House that he had made a further very strict Inquiry, in order to apprehend the said Thomas Spencer and John Beckett; but that they could not yet be found.

And Richard Smith, Esquire, and Captain Fafham Nairn, attending, according to Order, were severally called in, and, at t e Bar, examined in relation to the Non-Atfendance of the said Thomas Spencer and John Beckett.

And then they were severally directed to withdraw.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the j^tto. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon in the County of Wilts;

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that, from the Absence of the said Thomas Spencer and John Beckett, Two material Witnesses in Support of the said Bill, it will not be expedient to proceed further in the said Bill in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, Nenrine contradicente. That this House will take the Report, which was made from the Select Committee who were appointed'; to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Callhorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, into further Consideration as early as possible in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will not order any Warrant to be issued for a new Writ for electing Members for the said Borough of Hindon, until the House shall have proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

4 Y,

Hindon

Election.

35S

8" — 90 Mail.

4.1775*

Resolved, That an liumblo- Address be presented j:6 Mis Majesty, that. He will be graciously pleased to ifl’ue His Royal Proclamation, for apprehending the said Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, and John Beckett, Baker, with a rromife of Reward for the fame, so that they may be delivered into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, during this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by l'uch Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, that the First of the Re-folut ions, which, upon the 14th Day of last,

were reported from the SeleA Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition. of James Colthorpe, Esquire, and Richard -

ford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and dieti/rn for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of fVilts, and which, upon the 23d f)ay of the said Month, was agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read ‘accordingly; and Is as follcwqth; viz.

" Resolved, That Richard Smith, Esquire, by his " Agents, has, been guilty of notorious Bribery, " in procuring himself to be elected and returned " a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament " for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of " Wilts" .

The House was also moved, that the Entry in the Vqtes of the‘House, of the 5th Day of December last, " That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member /' of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery,

or any other corrupt, PraAices, this House will’pro- ceed with the utmost Severity against such Person," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly

Ordered, That the Attorney General do forthwith ..prosecute the said Richard Smith, Esquire, for the said Offence.

The House was also moved, that the Second of the Resolutions, which, upon the said 14th Day of February, were reported from the said Committee, and which, upon the ^3,d Day of the said Month, was agreed to by"the House, might be read.

And the same wls., as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Thomas Brand , Esquire, by his

" Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in procuring himself to be elected and returned a "Burgess " to lerve iq this present Parliament for the said " Borough of Hindon."

Ordered, That the Attorney General do forthwith . prosecute the said Thomas Brand Hollis, Esquire, for the

faief Offence.

The House Was also moved, that the Third of the Resolutions, which, upon the said 14th Day of February, were reported from the said Committee, and which, upon the 23d Day of the said Month, was agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the- House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That James Colthorpe, Esquire, by

" his Agents, has been guilty of notorious Bribery, in endeavouring to procure himself to " be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in " this present Parliament for the said Borough of " Hindon."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the Cud James Colthorpe, Esquire, for the said Offence; - . t,

And the previous Question being put,. That that -Question be now put;

18

23*

Tire Hopfe divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telta for the },0<"

{Sir Gough,

Mr. Comptroller of the -Houshold:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the said James Colthorpe, Esquire, for the said Offence.

The House was also moved, that the Fourth of the Resolutions, which, upon the said 14th Day of February, were reported from the said Committee, and which, upon the 23d Day of the said Month, was agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Richard Beck ford, Esquire, has, by his Agent, endeavoured, by Promise of Money, to procure himself to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough " of Hindon."

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the said Richard Beckford, Esquire, for the said Offence;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

TeUers for.he'Noes, { j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

it

104.

21,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 9* die Mali j

Anno 15* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

' Prayers.

THE Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Com- Ramiey, ‘mittee, to whom the Bill for drajning and pre- Sec. .‘serving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Com- Drainage, mons, in the several Parishes of Warboys, Somersham, Colne, and Ridley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the^ Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Ille' of in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parti.es concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 203 Acres of Several Land, and of 23 Houses having Right, of Common, who declared themselves neuter; and also except the Owners of 211 Acres 6f Several Land, and 39 Houses having Right of Common, who . could not be-met with; and also except the Owners of . 152 Acres of-Several Land, and of 51 Houses having Right of Common, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Acres of Several Land intended to be drained amounts to 10.880 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the whole Number of Houses having-Right of Common upon the Commons in- tended also to be drained amounts to 447, or thereabouts) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments' thercuntb; which

' they

Mych Mil toil

Prebend*

St. Pawl,

Covent Garde; Poor, &c<

15 Geo. III.

Mail.

359

they had d hefted him t<* report to the House; and lie ♦ead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments ware Once read throughout; kind then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments," be ingrossed.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, to whom 'the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Prebend Manor of MycJi Milton, in the County of Oxford, and the -Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheeldon, and his Successors, Prebendaries.of the Prebend of My oh 'Milton aforesaid; and for diverting the ‘Fee’Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the lame, so charged, in the Reverend Charles Sturges, his Heirs and Assigns, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Tame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their-Con-Tent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through -the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to -the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'Pr. 8. 1. ult. After " Year" insert " without any " Deduction or Abatement -to be " made thereout, or out of any " Part thereof, -respectively, for " or on Account of any Taxes, " Charges, Rates, Assessments, or " Impositions, whatsoever, either already taxed, charged, assessed, " or imposed, or at any Time or " Times hereafter to be -taxed, " charged, assessed, or imposed, " ©n the said 'Manor, Hereditanaents, and Premises, or any of " them, or any Part thereof, or " the Tenants or Occupiers thereof, or on the said- Charles Sturges, " his, Heirs or Assigns, in respect " thereof, or on. the said; perpetual " Annual Sum or Yearly Rent " Charge of Twenty-four Pounds, or on the said additional perpetual Annual Sum, or Yearly " Rent Charge of One hundred " Pounds, or the said Annual "'Quantity of [Thirty-three Quarters of Wheat, in lieu thereof, " or any Part thereof, respectively, "; or on the said John IVheeldon, " or his Successors, in respect of the Tame, by Authority, of'Par-"liament, or otherwise howsoever save and except First Fruits, " Tenths, Septisms, Yjcar Stalls, '". and Preaching Turns, and all " the Charges, Proxies, and Summages, at the Dean’s Vi fit ations)."

The said Amendment being read , a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by ’ the House.

An ingrossed: Bill to enable the Inhabitants of the Parirti of Saint. Basil,. Covent. Garden* iaRie County, of ' Vol. 35.

Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for die Purpose of erecting a Workhousie thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing a Burial Ground for the UTe of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; Viz.

Pr. %. J. 10. After the Second " the " to insert " Reftor"

Pr. ji. J. 37. After the Second "the" to infect t " Reftor"

I. 38. After " Poor" to insert " and"

J, 39. ? 7 ° leave out " and other ancient In-

40. 3 " habitants "

Pr. /z. 1. 31. After'* said " to insert " Reftor"

1.3a. After " poor " to insert and "

1. 32. -7 To leave out " and other ancient In-33.,) "habitants"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at ,-the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act -to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlefey, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground,

Tor the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of tlje said Parish; and fqr providing an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of, the.laid Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitwor do carry thd Bill, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed . Bill to enlarge the Term of several Acts, Old .-parted imthe 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Awe, the Stratford, nth Year of the Reign of King George the>First, and Road* the 10th, 13th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the Coupty. of Nor-. tjiampton,. to Dunehurch, in the County of Warwick; and ;for more effectually amending, the said Highways, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ;be. An Act to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the.6th Year, of the Reign of Queen the nth Year of tfae ;Reign of King George she First, and the-10th, 1.3th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of thampton, to Dunehurch, in the county of ;

and for more effectually amending the said Highways.

Ordered, That lyR* Gilbert do carry , the Bill to the: Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Heming* :for vesting the several Estates of the late Samuel Heming, Estatet - Esquire, situate in Jamaica, in Trustees, in Trust, to i fell the; fame, for the Payment of the Incumbrances; thereon, and of his Debts; and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pop-~ham, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And. they are. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of . the Clock, , in the . Speaker’s . Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ATonta^ue; for . vesting certain Parts of divers jMefluages, Wharfs, Close, &c. and Hereditaments, called Montague Close, in the Sale. County of Surrey, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same;

and for other Purposes- therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Lascelles,. Sec.: And they are , to meet this Afternoon, ,at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's - Chamber.

JwXr.

9 ’‘Mail. ^.1775,

Newark Mr. Craufurd reported from the Committee, to whom Owners of about 546 Acres of Land out of 600 Acre* p tGbf t,lc Bl11 for extending the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, of inclosed Land, the Owners whereof are entitled to Paving, Sc. or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Right of Common upon the said 70 Acres, had Notice Pint of Ale and Beer, vended or sold in the Village of given them, and have consented to the Bill; and that Port Glasgow, and the Privileges thereof, over the Town Notice was also given to Andrew , Esquire, who

of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port G has One Turn in Four of the Presentation to the said goto and Newark with fresh Water; for paving, clean- Vicarage, and who is also Owner of about 60 Acres, ing, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said the Remainder of the said inclosed Lands, by delivering Two Towns; for ereeling public Markets therein} for him a Copy of the Bill as soon as the same was settled; repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Bread: and and that the Committee had heard the said Andrew East and West Quays of the Harbour o {'Port Glasgow, Hackett, upon his Petition; and that no Person ap-and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; peared before the Committee upon the said Petition of That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the the Lord and that the Committee had ex-

Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Com- amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-to report to the House; and he read the Report in mittee (except the Owners of Eight Acres and an his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Half of Land, in the Common Fields of Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of which the Owners of Six Acres and an Half de-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a dared they would not. oppose the Bill; and that the Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Whole of the Lands within the Parish of Lea,

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the intended to be inclosed, contain 684 Acres, or there-

House. abouts; and also except the said Andrew Hackett, who

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be is the Owner of about 60 Acres of inclosed Lands ingrafted. within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curd-

worth, and who claims Right of Common upon the Smart's Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, Waste Lands intended to be inclosed within the said

fiUte. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. Liberty; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Elizabeth Smart„ an Right of Common upon the said last mentioned Waste Infant, in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, Lands contain 600 Acres and upwards) and that was committed; That the Committee had examined the the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent him to report to the House; and he read the Report to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with that the Committee had directed him to report--the the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

And the said Bill was read the Third Time, severally put thereupon, were, with several Amend-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. ments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And

Ordered, That Sir T homasClavering do carry the Bill an Amendment was made, by the House, to the to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Bill.

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Lea and Mr. Mack worth reported from the Committee, to

Martton, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and in the Parish

of Lea Marston, in the County of and also

certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Andrew ' Hackett the Younger, of Moxhull, in the County of Warwick, Esquire, and also the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, One of the Committees of the Person and Estate of the Right honourable Edward Lord Leigh, a Lunatic, on Behalf of the said Edward Lord Leigh and others, the Owners of a Meadow called Curdworth Meadow, within the Manor and Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, with respeift to the Lands within the Parish of Lea Marston, and which said Lands in the Common Fields contain in the whole 496 Acres or thereabouts (exclu-live of the Waste Lands within the said Parish intended to be inclosed, which contain 188 Acres or thereabouts) and, upon Examination, the Committee found that no Notice had been affixed upon the Church Door of ' Curdworth, of the Intention to indole the Waste Lands within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, and which said Waste Lands contain in the W hole about 70 Acres; but the Committee found, that the Lord of the Manor, and the Vicar who is entitled to the Great and Small Tythes, and also the

Mr. Mackworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dif-solve the Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purpose t therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. I.37. Leave out "Fifteen" and insert " Twenty-five" instead thereof.

1. 38. - Leave out " over and above" and insert " including herein " instead thereof.

Pr. 8. 1. 17.7 Leave out " several Annuities make

18.3 "together the Sum" and insert " Annuity " instead thereof.

4. 1. 19.7 Leave out "the said Annuity hereby

20.3 " secured to" and insert "shall"

instead thereof.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor aBd Parish

Greene’s

Divorce*

Kttdale

Inclosure*

15 Geo. III. 9

rish of Kildale, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but that all the Parties interested had signed the said Articles; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

SefW The Lord? have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Mat*.5 confirm several Building Leases, already granted by the Right honourable the Earl of of the Kingdom

of Ireland, of Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Lancaster; and to enable him during his Life, and after his Decease the Trustee, during the Minority of any Infant, to grant other Building and Improving Leases; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Northern Captain Luttrell presented to the House, according to passage Order, a Bill for giving a Public Reward to such Person covery. Qr perj'ons^ j-fis Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exchequer Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-p8 cording to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Flour Mr. Pownallpresented to the House, according to

~iMize, See. Order, a Bill for the due making of Flour of Wheat, and to regulate and ascertain the Sorts, Goodness, and Prices thereof, wherever the Regulations for ascertaining the Sorts, Goodness, and Prices, of Bread made of Wheat, do take Place: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Haslemere Mr. Feilde, from the Select Committee, who were Election, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of William Burke and Henry Kelly, Esquires, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants, Freeholders, and legal Voters, of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of , in-

formed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Thomas More Molyneux, Esquire, is duly elected Vol. 35.

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey:

And also, That the said Committee have determined,

That Sir Merrick Burrell, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Haslemere.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House*

A Bill to explain and amend an A<&, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons " to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs, for " the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament;" and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee "of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

4 Z to

Shaftesbury

Ele&ioiu

Fisherifcs

Clothing Army, &c. Ireland-

Goat Skins.

3 6i 9° — i o6 A. 1775*

to report when the House will please to receive the lame

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Earthenware Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Importation, regjjve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware (except Gaily Tiles) the Manufacture of Europe, to be sold in Great and for charging

the same with a Duty ad Valorem, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bedford The House was moved, that the Order made upon Election. Friday last, for taking into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and Electors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, and Electors for the said Borough, was referred, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17 th Day of this Instant May.

Buckingham Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House House: to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Residence. uP°n the Bill for settling Buckingham House, with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House, in Holborn, and for applying the Money to ariie by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Offices in Somerset House; and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Phillips’ Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Ligtohouse. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Light-house *4

upon the said Rock, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

The House, was moved, that Part of the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Witness was called in; and at the Bar, examined against the said Bill.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Comptroller of the! Household, > 47.

Mr. Pennant: J

Tellers for the}S4-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, that, the Copy of the Letters Patent granted to the said John Phillips, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 2. I. 9, by inserting, after the Word " mentioned," the Words " whereby his said Majesty " doth give and grant to the said John Phillips, during " the said Term of Fifty Years, a Power to collect, receive, and take, certain Duties from Ships and " Vessels passing by or near the said Rock."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10* die Maii;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Freeman* for veiling certain Lands at Hadley, in the Parish Investment. of Wellington, in the County of Salop, deviled by the Will of the Reverend Joshua Pulford, Clerk, deceased, in Joshua Freeman, and his Heirs, was read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The

15 Geo. lit*

ib° Mail

The House being informed that Mr. Rowe, from thie Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantities of Seville and other Olive Oils, not being Salad Oils, imported into that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, for the last Three Years preceding 5 th January 1775; distinguishing the Quantity imported in each Year: And also,

An Account of Wool, Woollen Yarn, and Worsted, imported into Scotland, from Ireland, for Twenty-one Years preceding ift January 17755 distinguishing the Years, and the Ports into which all or either of the said Articles have been imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

Braunston The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunjion, in the County of Northampton 5 without any Amendment: And also.

Colliers, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland ^or altering, explaining, and amending, several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respecting Colliers, Coal-bearers, and Stilters 5 without any Amendment: And also,

Tadmarton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ndo ure. for dividing incl0fing the Open and Common Field, and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Upper Tadmarton and Lower TadmaYton, in the County of Oxford5 without any Amendment: And also,

Rowfham, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchange ^or cAabliftiing an^ confirming Exchanges of divers 8 Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Rowfham, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to Articles of Agreement, between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Eari Ferrers’ The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ellalc# appointing new Trustees, to carry into Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually " carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Sixth " Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Adt1 for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of " Washington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to " be fold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions " affecting the same and the rest of the settled Estate; " and for other Purposes therein mentioned," in the room and Head of those appointed by the said Act, who are deiirous of religning the Trull thereby reposed in them; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mvch Milton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Prebend, to subj'eft and charge the Prebend Manor of Mych Miltoti, in the County of Oxford, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheeldon, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Mych Milton aforesaid; and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the fame, so charged, in the Vol. 35.

Reverend Charles Sturges, his Heirs and Assigns, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Griffith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Ferrm’ for appointing new Trustees, to carry into Execution an Estate* Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of " Washington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to " be fold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions " affecting the same and the rest of the settled Estate 5 " and for other Purposes therein mentioned," in the room and Head of those appointed by the said Act, who are desirous of religning the Trull thereby reposed in them, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Wenman reported from the Committee, Claydon; to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open &c. Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Inclosure-Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Claydon, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the '

County of Oxford, was committed 5 and to whom the Petition of William Holbech, Esquire, was referred 5 That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with 5 and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties, concerned Jiad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Yard Lands and a Quarter, and of One Acre and an Half, and Three Common Rights; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of Forty Yard Lands and One Acre and an Half, and Four Common Rights) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for setting out Roads for the ancient inclosed Lands.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the BUI.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, AInham to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor inclosure. called AInham Moor, or AInham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the Township of AInham, in the Parish of AInham, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto:

364 10° Ma A. 1775.

unto; which they had directed him to report to the was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice House; and he read the Report in his Place; and of the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, granted by His present Majesty, to Cookworthy

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put in order to enable Richard Champion, of Mer-

thereupon, were agreed to by the House. chant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Exe-

ingrossed. cution, for the Benefit of the Public; and setting forth.

That the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill Brize Norton An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, should pals into a Law, it would be greatly injurious,

Inclosure. the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, not only to the Petitioners, and the several other Per-Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable fons concerned in the Potteries of this Kingdom, but Grounds, in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County the Public in general: And therefore praying. That of Oxford, was read the Third Time. they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the into a Law.

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, mon Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, until the Report be received from the Committee, to in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford. whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. A Bill for giving a public Reward to such Person or Northern

Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a *>*traRc Tottenham Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern Icclosure. whom the gju for dividing and inclosing the Open and Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall pene-Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in trate to the North Pole, was read a Second Time, the Parish of Todnam, otherwise Todenham, in the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Com- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

mittee had examined, and found that the Standing of the whole House.

Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, with; and that the Committee had examined the Alle- upon the said Bill.

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Cotn-that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Clauses, for appointing the Vice and Rear Admirals of that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Red, White, and Blue, Squadron, to be Commis-made several Amendments thereunto; which they had sioners for executing an Act of the Eighteenth Year of directed him to report to the House; and he read the King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for giving Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, " a public Reward to such Person or Persons, His Ma-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where " jesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a North the Amendments were Once read throughout; and " West Passage through Hudson's to the West-

then a Second Time, One by One > and, upon the " em and Southern Ocean of ," together with

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Commissioners already appointed by the said Act.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed Poor Laws, ingrossfed. to review and consider the several Laws which concern

the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws Hindon Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several Ekftion. House, That thetf — Addrgfs of Monday last (thatvHis Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great,

Majesty would be graciouflypleafecLto issue His RojteLralled England, be revived.

Proclamation, for apprehending Thomas Spencer, Car-

penter, and John Beckett, Baker, with a Promise of Re- Arrtngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Greene's

ward for the fame, fb that they may be delivered irtto to dissolveHhe Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, Dlvorcc* the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this with Juliana 'Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife;

House during this Session of Parliament) had been pre- and to enable hirrLto marry again; and for other Pur-fented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had com- poses therein mentioned, was read the Third Time, manded him to acquaint this House, that He will give That the f&L with the Amendments, do

Directions accordingly. pass. \

N. B. The laid Thomas Spencer and John Beckett fur- Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to rendered themselves to the Serjeant at Arms before the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath the Proclamation issued. agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which

Amendments this House doth defile the Concurrence Earl An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of their Lordships. \

Estate* to con^rm several Building Leases, already granted by

the Right honourable the Earl of Sefton, of the King- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Lea and dom of Ireland, of Part of his settled Estates, in the Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, Marfjon, &c. County of Lancaster; and to enable him during his within the Hamlets of Lea and in the Parish n 0 urc*

Life, and after his Decease the Trustee, during the of Lea in the County of Warwick; and also

Minority of any Infant, to grant other Building and certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Improving Leases; and for other Purposes in the said Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County,

Act mentioned, was read the First Time. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Earthenware A Petition of the Manufacturers of Earthen. Ware, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within Importation, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, the Hamlets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea

Marston,

15 Geo. III. io°

Marston, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation! Ordered, That Mr. Eden do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware, except Gaily Tiles, the Manufacture of Europe, to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the same with a Duty ad Valorem, was committed.

Mr. Eden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Goat Skin'. Ordered, That Mr. Eden do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Eden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to’ the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ‘afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Exchequer A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Bills, Bill, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1775, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider what Duty it may be proper to lay upon Rum, or Spirits, imported into the island of Newfoundland, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-reCled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Eden also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

VOL. 35.

Mail. 365

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- War* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aDd Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed that Mr. Box, from the Westminster Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Paving. Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of miujler, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Minutes of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, from the

23d Day of November 1773, to the 27th Day of December 1774, both inclusive; also an Account of all Contracts and Agreements, made by the said Commissioners, from the said 23d Day of November 1773, to the said 27th Day of December 1774, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for encouraging the Manufactures Seed,

of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 13. After "Five" to insert "whenever "the Price of middling British " Rape Seed, at the Ports and " Places where Rape Seed shall " be imported into this Kingdom,

" shall appear, according to the " Methods directed by the several " Acts of Parliament for ascertaining the Rates and Prices of " Com and Grain imported, to be " at or above the Price of f.\"j " ioj. per Last."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questioe put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, bjr reducing the Duties on Rape Seeds, and other Seed* producing Oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free Importation of Rape Cakes, for Manure, from Ireland, to this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir George Macartney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the due making of Flour of Wheat, and to regulate and ascertain the Sorts, Goodness, and Prices, thereof, wherever the Regulations for ascertaining the Sorts, Goodness, and Pnces, of Bread made of Wheat, do take Place, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pownall, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into *>oor kLaw*.

5 A further

a/

East India Company.

Infolrcnt

Debtors.

Six Clerks Offices, Lincoln’s Inn

366 10° — ii° Matt. A. 1775.

further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to review and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants; and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a Time to be limited, lo much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum " of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to " be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the " United Company of Merchants of England trading to " the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, annually. Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East , to a certain

Value;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 32nd Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, with respect to " the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige *' Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison " beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery " of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their u Creditors Benefit and to prevent Actions being brought upon Judgments, without Leave of the Court or Courts wherein such Judgments shall have been entered up rdpeftively, was Committed.

Mr. Elwes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill,- with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The othefr Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for applying the Funds provided for re-building the Offices of the Six Clerks of the Kin’gs Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Office of the Six " Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, and for " erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant " General of the said Court, for the better preferring " the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of re-building the present Six Clerks Office in Qkamery Lame; and for other Purposes.

J7

Resolved, That this 1 loul'e will, upon Monday Morn- S'.iaftrfcurj ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Wcflioo. House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 10th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of " Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new " Writs, for the Choice of Members to lerve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall " die during the Recess of Parliament; " and for fuImpending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviS) ii° Maii;

Anno 15* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and Imlofure. dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Kildale, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Kildale, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pemyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for extending the Duty of Two Pfewark Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, *n<1 payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer, vended or Ibid.in the Village of Port Glasgow, and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh Wrater; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting public Markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for extending the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer, vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow, and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with freth Water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting public Markers therein; for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Craufnrd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wootton otherwise

Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee, had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Partied concerned had given

their

Wootton Wawen, &c. Inclosure-

Poor Laws.

15 Geo. III.

their Content to the I

Committee (except the Proprietors of too Acres of such Monthly Meeting, shall be unable to attend, and Land, who are not known, the Estate being in Chan- shall procure another Governor to attend in his Place, eery, and of 37 Acres and an Half, who were neuter; he shall beexcufed such Penalty.

the Whole confiding of about 2006 Acres; and that Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose That the Ad, passed in the 17 th Year of the Reign

the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which " An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws

they had directed him to report to the House; and he " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction,"

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: should be explained and amended, by a separate Act,

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; in such Manner as will be most likely to enforce the and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Execution thereof, and prevent the Practice of begging Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the in the Streets and Highways, pernicious in its Confe-House. quences, and highly disgraceful to this Country;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be which Practice will be without the least Excule when ingossed. these Regulations take Place, by which the Ditlrefles

of the Poor will upon all Occasions be speedily and Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were comfortably relieved; and the Amendments should also appointed to review and consider the several Laws which be lo adapted, as to prevent Impositions and Abuses concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the upon the Public, in the apprehending and passing of Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the Vagrants.

several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Britain called England; and to report the fame, with That proper Houses of Correction should be provided,

their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the at the Houses for the general Reception of the Poor

House; That the Committee had further considered the in every District, for the more convenient Inspection

Matters to them referred; and had come to several of the Governors, but so separated from the other

other Resolutions, which they had directed him to re- Buildings, as to prevent any improper Communication

port to the House; which he read in his Place; and af- therewith; and that such Rules, Orders, and Rugula-

terwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tions, should be established, within those Houses of

feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.Correction, as may make them effectual for the Pur*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, poses for which they were intended by the several Laws That the Houses to be provided for the general Re- now in being.

ception of the Poor, ought to be limited by the Act Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, so as not to exceed a certain Number for each respect That the several Returns, directed by the Order of the tive County, or the Number for each County should House of the 11 th Day of April lad, to be made by be ascertained by the Act; and that the Governors the Matters, Governors, and Officers, having the Care should have Power to borrow Money, upon the Credit and Direction of the several Houses of Industry, or of the Poors Rates, for providing and furnishing the Public Workhouses, established by Acts of Parlia-necessary Buildings, and also for buying a convenient ment, specially made for the Relief and Employment Stock of Materials and Utensils for employing the of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain called Poor. England and by the Clerks of the Peace, Town Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Clerks, and Treasurers, within the several Counties,

That all Cities and Towns, which are Counties of them- Ridings, Divisions, Liberties, Precincts, Cities, and selves, should be considered as distinct Counties; but Towns Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain the Qualification of their Governors should be less than called Eand the Certificates of the Justices of those required in the Counties at large. the Peace, should be made according to the Forms ari-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, nexed to the Report.

That every Person, qualified to act as a Governor, Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ought to fend his Name and Place of Abode to the Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next, at the same Clerk of the District wherein he resides, at the First Time that the Report, which, upon the nth Day of and every Annual Meeting of the Governors for that April last, was made from the said Committee, is or»

District, or for every Neglect to forfeit a Sum of dered to be taken inUwfor ther Consideration.

Money; and that the Clerk at every such Meetings Ordered, That such a Number of Ccroies of the Re-(hall produce a List, containing the Names and Places port, now made, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the of Abode of the Governors so transmitted to him, Use of the Members of the House. which he shall divide into Twelve equal Parts, as near N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original, as may be, and the fractional Parts shall be distributed,

by adding One to each Month, as far as they will ex- Sir Charles according to Order, reported Backurghtm

tend, beginning with the Month of January, and pro- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

ceeding to each succeeding Month; that the Name of the Bill for settling Buckingham House, with the Ap- p^deuce.

every such Governor shall be wrote upon a small Piece purtenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall survive

of Paper, and put into a Glass or Box, from whence His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of So*-

the Clerk, or some Governor present, shall draw so merfet House, for enabling the Lords Commissioners

many Names as under such Regulation shall belong to of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely

the Month of January, and in like Manner for each House, in , and for applying the Money to

succeeding Month, and the Names so drawn shall be arise by Sale thereof, together with'other Monies, in

entered by the Clerk in a Book to be provided for that erecting and establishing Public Offices' in Somerset

Purpose; but Liberty should be given for one Gover- House; and for embanking certain Parts of the River

nor to exchange his Month with another, upon notify- Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of

ing the same to the Clerk, and having an Entry made The Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

thereof in the said Book One Week at least before the was committed, the Amendments which the Coin-

Monthly Meeting; and that every Governor, so drawn mittee had made to the Bill; and which they had

or exchanged, shall either attend such Monthly Meet* directed him to report to the House; and he read the

ing of the Governors, or forfeit a Sum of Money; Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

but in case any Governor, from Sicknefe, or any other with the Amendments, in at tile Clerk’s Table: Where

VpL. 35. the

11* Maii. 367

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the unavoidable Cause, to be allowed by the Governors at

368 ii* Mail I 1775.

the Amendments wetc Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable the Owners of Wharfs between the Adelphi and the Savoy to make Embankments.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

St. Leonud, A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Poor*&c^ t^iereunt0 subscribed, Annuitants on the Security pro- ‘ vided by the Act of Parliament herein after mentioned,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for explaining, altering, and amending, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Leonard, , and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish; which Bill the Petitioners conceive to be wholly unne-cefiary; and that the Petitioners have severally advanced Monies on the Rates to be made and collected according to the Directions of the said Act; and that, by the fakl Bill, the said Act is to be altered in the Mode of electing new Trustees, and the Execution of the said Act is to be intruded to the Management of Persons not described, and the present Trustees are to be deprived of Part of the Means of recovering the Parish Rates, which are the only Security for the Payment of the Petitioners Annuities; and that, should the said Bill pals into a Law, the said Securities will be lessened, and rendered hazardous: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall feera meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint,

" in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Work- house, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a " Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish," was committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by -their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

It paised in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Dhto. A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being a great Number of the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the last Session -of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint,

in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workr house, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the.laid Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House, for explaining, altering, and amending, the above-mentioned Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioners have begun to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on Annuities for Lives, and have contracted for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing Clothes and Necessaries, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; and which Act, so far as it hath hitherto been carried into Execution, has been found to be extremely beneficial to the said Parish; and that, should the said

Bill pals into a Law as it is now formed, it would interfere with the Powers vested in the Petitioners under the said Act, and prevent the due Execution thereof, and would in a great Measure subvert the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and may tend to create Uneasinels within the said Parish: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do make the Report Dmo

from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the " Parish of Saint Leonard, Shor, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground,

" for die Use of the said Parish," was committed.

Mr. Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Trustee shall be concerned in a Contrail.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Meeting shall be held unless Notice is sent to the Trustees.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to' be added to the Bill, that if a Trustee shall become a Bankrupt, or remove out of the Parish, he shall be no longer a Trustee.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that One Half of the Trustees shall be elected by the Parishioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read’; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Victualler shall be appointed an Overseer.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that nothing in this, or the former Act, shall extend to a Beadle, or other Officer, appointed by the Minister or Parishioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Manner of appointing Overseers.

And the said Clause was Twice read,- with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Question

Chokworthy’s

Patent.

Ways and Means.

15 Geo. III.

118 Mali.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Potters and Dealers in Earthen Ware and Porcelain, whole Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain; and that the Petitioners arc informed, that the said Letters Patent were unduly obtained by the said William Cookworthy, and were, at the Time of granting thereof, contrary to Law; and that the Petitioners are also informed, that the said William Cookworthy hath not, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, described and ascertained the Nature of his said Invention, and the Manner in which the same is to be performed, nor caused the same to be enrolled, within the Time, and in the Manner, directed by the said Letters Patent; and that the Petitioners apprehend that the extending the Term of the said Monopoly will be injurious to the Petitioners, and the several other Potters and Dealers in Earthen and Porcelain Wares in this Kingdom, will tend to discourage future Improvements in those Manufactures, and’ be disadvan-tagcous to the Public in general: And therefore praying, they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the lole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been a Aligned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Eden, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Ten thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arilen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Monies paid by the Receivers General of the several Counties which have not raised the Militia, and also of such Imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings Sterling Money be laid upon every Gallon of Rum, or Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfoundland, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America.

Vol. 35.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Words " Two Shillings" and in-lerting the Words " One Shilling" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Two Shillings" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " One " Shilling" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution lb amended, That a Duty of One Shilling Sterling Money be laid upon every Gallon of Rum, or Spirits, imported into the Island of Newfoundland, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies of Plantations on the Continent of America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports, thereof, at the End of the Filliing Section, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this, House will, at the Riling of the Adjournment. House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committees* withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Eden, according to Order, reported from the East India Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Company-continue, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein njentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, annually. Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manu.-fasture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and.

Mr. Cuddon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to mark or stamp the Weights to be made use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his Office; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for admeal'uring Waggons, and other Carriages, uied in loading Coals on board Ships at the several Ports of

5 B this

Coin

Weights.

Coal

Waggon*#

37° ii° Mail. . 1775*

this Kingdom, in the same Mannes as at the Ports of Beckett, Baker (for the apprehending of whom this Newcastle and Sunderland -, without any Amendment: House did, upon Monday tail, address His Majesty to And also, issue His Royal Proclamation) had this Day surrendered

Duke of 'Hie Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for themselves to the said Serjeant at Arms, and are now in Buccleugh’s, rendering effectual a Proposal or Agreement, made his Custody.

A green t. ^)etween t^e Duke of Buccleugh and the Lord Bishop of Ordered, That the said Thomas Spencer and John

Winch<$er, for exchanging and enffanchifing certain Beckett be now brought to the Bar of this House.

Leasehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in And they were brought to the Bar accordingly, the Parish and Manor of Adderbury, in the County of And the Messenger, who had the Execution of the Oxford, and for enabling the said Bishop to grant Leases Order for the Attendance of the said Thomas Spencer in Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire and John Beckett, upon the Committee of the whole the Concurrence of this House. ~ House, to whom the Bill to incapacitate certain Per-

And then the Messengers withdrew. Ions, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Time. Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. serve in Parliament, for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, was committed, was called in; Copy Right Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do make the Report from and, at the Bar, examined in their Presence, in relation u -I!!* *^e Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Two to the Execution of the said Order.

m\ ties. Universities to hold in Perpetuity their Copy Right in And the Entries in the Votes of the House, of the

Books, for the Advancement of useful Learning, and 27th Day of April last, of the Report from the said other Purposes of Education, within the said Lniver- Committee of the whole House, relative to the Non* fitics, was committed. attendance of the said Thomas Spencer and John,

Mr. Jackson accordingly reported from the said Com- upon the said Committee, and the Order made there-mittee, That the Committee had gone through the upon, were read.

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which And the said Thomas Spencer and John Beckett were they had directed to be reported to the House} and heard.

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli- And then they were directed to be taken from the vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Bar.

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Thomas throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Spencer, Carpenter, has purposely absconded, in order and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme to avoid being served with an Order of this House, of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with for his Attendance, as a Witness, on a Committee of Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the this House.

House. Ordered, That the said Thomas Spencer be, for his

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that laid Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of nothing in the Act contained shall grant this exclusive Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants Privilege any longer than the said Books remain the accordingly.

Property of the said Universities or Colleges. Resolved, That it appears to this House, that John

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Beckett, Baker, has purposely absconded, in order to Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be avoid being served with an Order of this House, for made Part of the Bill. his Attendance, as a Witness, on a Committee of this

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, House. to the Bill. Ordered, That the said John Beckett be, for his laid

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gail of $

ingrafted. and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

FHherie*. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That Mr. John D'Oyley do attend this upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Fisheries House, upon Monday Morning next, upon the Third carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britishi Reading of the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of His present Majesty to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gen-the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the tleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and laid Fisheries to the Ports thereof, at the End of the for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Fishing Sealbn, be now read. Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain

And the said Order being read accordingly; a Lighthouse upon the said Rock.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to extend certain Pro- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

visions of the said Bill, to the Islands of Guernsey and relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Jersey. the Bill for giving a public Reward to such Person or

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a mittee. Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- penetrate to the North Pole-, mittee. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom*-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several The other Order of the Day being read;

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

him to report, when the House will please to receive the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Clothing fame. and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday paid out of his Majesty’s Revenues arising in the King-Morning next. dom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the

Places where such Forces are oraered to serve; and for Hindoo The Serjeant at Anns attending this House informed granting a Bounty upon Flax See<f imported into -Election, jjg House, That Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, and John land, for a Time to be limited.

16 Mr.

Phillip

Iigfchouse.

Northern

Passage

Duooray.

Clothing

Army,

Ireland.

37*

Alnham

loclosure.

Creene’i!

&c.

Estate.

Dickson*s Eft ate.

15 Geo. III. i x° — 150 Mail.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morhing next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 150 die Maii\ Anno 15* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That $r Gilbert Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath; agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wijlow, Warboys,

Colney, and Ridley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wijlow, Warboys,

Colney, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parish es/)f Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingbrook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a Moor called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the Township of in the Parish of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the Township of Alnham, in the Parish of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Claydon, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Claydon, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Wenmart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clay. Ion, &c. Inclosure.

Sir Thomas Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Mordecai Greene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement made for, and on the Behalf of, Alice Bland, Widow, deceased, with Ralph Milner, and also to grant Building and Repairing Leases of such Parts of the Estates of the said Alice Bland, as lie in or near the Town of Manchester, and also Leases for Twenty-one Years, of other the Estates late of the said Alice Bland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part, or Parts, of the Estate of Ednam, in the County of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James Dickson, Esquire, deceased, and now to Captain William Dickson, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Vol. 35.

Mr. Cafwall reported from the Committee, to whom Vireoant.

J-- — * - -.....- - - Gnnifton’l

the ingrafted Bill from the L ords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of and Norfolk, being the settled Estates of James Lord Viscount -ston, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Portions and Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Hertford, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s' Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Cafwall do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Sir William Mayne reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Estates late of Robert Doyne, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Debts, Legacies, and other Incumbrances affecting the said Estates; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found ti e feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had.

given

£.£kaces*

poyne'j

foliate.

372 15° MaiL 1775*

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Comn^ttee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Will do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment. /

Pitt’s Sir ’John Eden reported from the Committee, to Estates. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, deviled by the Will of William Pitt, Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other I^ands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to such of the Uses limited or deviled by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of taking Effect, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Gaffcrton Mr. 'DanielLafcelles reported from the Committee, to Tyd*- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in the Reverend William Peacock and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands, and the Tythes, of the Parish of Danby Wifke, and Gafferton, otherwise Yafferin the County of York; and for settling certain Freehold Estates of the said William Peacock, in him and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill w-as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Bull’s Estate*. Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Edmund Esquire, in the County of Hertford, and City of London, in Trullees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and other Purposes therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An SirM.warW,

Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition £fta, cs’

and Division, made by and between Sir James Penny-

man, Baronet, Charles AndersonPelham, Esquire, and

Michael Newton, Esquire, oi divers Manors, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Lincoln,

and Middlesex, and City of London, fete the Estates of

Sir Michael War ton, Knight, deceased; and for settling

and limiting the entire and specific Parts and Shares,

which, upon the said Partition and Division, have been

allotted to each of them, to the several’Lies therein

mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed

him to report the Bill to the House, without any

Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Ludlow reported from the Committee, to Spaldwick, whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, *. the Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Common- *n"° ure‘ able Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 57 Acres of Land, and Three Cottages, who refused to sign the Bill; and allb except the Proprietors of Four Acres and Two Roods of Land, and One Cottage, who could not be found; and that the whole Property consists of 1,087 Acres of Land, and Thirty-five Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Owen, of Montgomeryshire, reported from the Peacocke’s Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Estates. Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Peacocke, Esquire, and Emma his Wife, in the Parish of Llanedwan, in the County of Anglesea, in the said William Peacocke, in Fee Simple; and for settling an Estate of the said William Peacocke, in the Parish of Penmynydd, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the ,said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

Buckingham House; Oik en’s Rduijnce.

Copy Ri^ht of tl*e Universities.

Sir f. Shelley’s Estates.

Ways and Means.

ic Geo. III. 15° Mail. 373

Or That Mr. Oivcn, of do carry

the i: iii !<;.11-; ords; and acquaint them, that this Houic hatli d. to the fame, without any Amendment.

A.: v:v ’ hill for settling Buckingham House, with the rr r , . ' , upon the Queen, in case She shall liirvi-. h, ;,i , in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace

of ft , for enabling the Lords Commis-

fion.. oi 1 if Yi.iicity’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely Ho-fe, in ii.: 'horn, and for applying the Money to arise by ftue together with other Monies, in erecting

- 7 VJ # ' O

and eiLtblishing Public Offices in Somerset and for embanking certain Parts of the River , lying

wi; hi:; the Hounds of the Manor of Savoy; and for r ! Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third

1 tire.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling Buckingham House, with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in call- She shall survive 1 lis Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of Somerset House; for enabling the Lords Commissioners of I lis Majesty’s Treasury to lei! and dispose‘of Ely , in

Ho/hern, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and eltabllihing Public Offices in Somerset and for

embanking certain Parts of the River , lying

within the Bounds of the Manor of Savoy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Two Universities

o o

to hold in Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, for the Advancement of useful I earning, and other Purposes of Education, within the said Universities, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for enabling the Two Universities in

7 O # m

England, the Four Universities in Scotland, and the several Colleges of Eton, IVcJhninster, and to

hold in Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, given or bequeathed to the said Universities and Colleges, for the Advancement of useful Learning, ‘ and other Purposes of Education; and for amending so much of an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Delivery of Books to the Warehousekeeper of the Stationers Company, for the use of the several Libraries therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Right honourable Sir John , Baronet, and the Trustees named in the Settlement on his Marriage with Dame WShelley, deceased, his late "Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the County of Sujj'ex, comprised in such Settlement, in Exchange for, or in lieu of, other Estates belonging to the said Sir John Shelley, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, that the Resolution, which, upon the 13 th Day of April last, was reported from the VoL- 35-

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied " the Sum of Eight hundred Ninety-five thousand Six " hundred Eighty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and " Ten Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of " the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April 1775, for " the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which " had then arisen of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the " Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund."

The 1 louse wras allb moved, that the First of the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of " 'l'en thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-six Pounds " Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence, remaining in the " Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Monies arisen by " the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Apples " imported, and on Cambricks and Sugars, granted by " an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s " Reign, the Monies paid by the Receivers General of " the several Counties which have not raised the Militia, " and allb of such Imprest Monies as remain there for the Disposition of Parliament."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday the 4th Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands at Hadley, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of the Reverend Joshua Pulford, Clerk, deceased, in Joshua Freeman, and his Heirs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Todnam, otherwise Todenham, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Todnam, otherwise Todenham, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm several Building Leases, already granted by the Right honourable the Earl of Sefton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, of Part of his Settled Estates, in the County of Lancaster-, and to enable him during his

Life, and after his Decease the Trustee, during the

5 C Minority

Freeman’s

Investment.

Todenham

Inclosure.

Earl Sefiton

1Z {lutes.

374

15° Mail. A. 1775.

Earl

FeWm’

klUie.

Minority of any Infant, to grant other Building and Improving Leases; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, that the Bill be committed to Mr. ham Bootle, Mr. Herbert,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

led, " An Act for the better Relief and Employment " of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint " Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for build-

" ing a Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of " Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said " Parish."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for appointing new Trustees, to carry into Execution an Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to Sinking Fond.

Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum

Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectually of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying " carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of five: And the same was received; and read the First " Washington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to Time.

" be fold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" affecting the same and the rest of the settled Estate;

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned," in the Mr. Cooper presented to the House, according to ^3*P«;Cent.

room and Head of those appointed by the said Act, Order, a Bill for redeeming the Sum of One million of

who are desirous of resigning the Trull thereby reposed the Capital Stocks of £.3 per Centum Annuities, in the Lo^t.

in them, was read a Second Time. Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whit-establishing a Lottery: And the same was received; and

1worth, Mr. Darner, &c.: And they are to meet this read the First Time.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ref, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Chamber.

Lock’s Mr. Combe reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, entailed by the Will of William LoEiquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, subject to the Annuities and, other Charges thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the' Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the find Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

St. Leonard, A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to (Shoreditch) explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth oor* "c* Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditcht " in the county of ; and for building a

" Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for " a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish," be now read the Third Time;

A Petition of some of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. c. 1. 1 a. After "of" to insert " the said former " and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, inlitu-

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Fisheries. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen,

Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That any Ship clearing out with Goods from Newfoundland, shall be liable to the same Limitations and Restrictions as if this Act had not been made.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pratt and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreeed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Old Stratford, to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the Sixth Jcc' Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Tenth,

Thirteenth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, and for more effectually amending the said Highways; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Luton, for continuing and making more effectual several Acts See. of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in Rowls* the County of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said County, and from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreea to the Bill, intituled, An Act Peebles to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty- and sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several

Roads

15 GeO, III.

15° Mail.

375

Lea and Marftoii, &c. Roads.

Greene’s

Divorce.

Mych Milton I’rcbend.

Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Tweed/-cross, towards the City of NEdinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whom, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleflon, through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea Marston, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dunton, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise Judge, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Prebend Manor of Mych Milton, in the County of Oxford, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Two several perpetual yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheeldon, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Mych Milton aforesaid; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the fame, so charged, in the Reverend Charles Sturges, his Heirs and Assigns: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Small Debts, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Common Downs, called Southcctt and Kepnell Down, Work Down, and other Commonable Places; and also for dividing and inclosing Pewfey Common, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah ct Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to the Provost,

" Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the " University of Oxford, and for laying out the Money " arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee Simple Estates;

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and for indemnifying the acting Trustee or Trustees, appointed under the said Act, for having expended a larger Sum of Money than allowed by that Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Elloe

Beaconsfield

Road.

Pewfey

Iodosure.

Eaton’s Gift to Oxford University.

Briflbl, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been afllgned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Afle- gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz. To leave out the Words "To-morrow" and insert the Words "upon " Wednesday " instead thereof, and after " Morning " to insert "next."

And the Question being put, That the Words " morrow " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^0Xy

To-

[Mr. Larochet

}k>3-

}I05-

Cook worthy t

Patent.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Championt of Voi. 35.

Tellers for the Noes, g ^JVmfefley:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " Wednesday " be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " next" be inserted after the Word " Morning;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be admitted to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, when the said Report shall be taken into Consideration, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Trades- Phillips* men, of the Port of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto Lighthouse. fiibscribed, on Behalf of themselves and several others. Merchants, Mariners, and Tradesmen, of that Port; praying to be heard by their Counsel, against the Bill for making perpetual a Grant made by His present Majesty to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

},3,.

102*

Tellers for the Noes, ft

5 (Mr. Gascoyne:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Petition was brought Up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Utility of the said Lighthouse

has not yet been sufficiently proved and ascertained; and

that

A. 1775.

Phillips* Light house,

Ditto.

American

Colonies.

150 Mali.

that the Petitioners apprehend, that the crofting a Lighthouse upon the said Rocks will be lb far from being ulefi.il and beneficial to Navigation, that very great Danger may and will arise therefrom; and that a cor.siderable Duty will be imposed upon all Ships failing from or to the Port of Liverpool; and that no Benefit can arile to any other Ships than Coasters, by the crofting of the said Lighthouse; and that, should the said Bill pals into a Law, and a Duty be thereby laid upon Trade, it will be a Means of preventing the erecting of Lighthouses in other Parts of George's Channel, which may be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, at the Third Reading thereof.

A Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Trades-men, of the Port of Liverpool, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and several others, Merchants, Mariners, and Tradesmen, of the said Port, was allb presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock or Rocks, called The Smalls; and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable him the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John D'Oyley, who was ordered to attend this House, this Day, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Paper, intituled, " The Representation and Remonstrance of the General Assembly of the Colony of New York," being offered to be presented to the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Paper be brought up;

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journals of the House, of the 7th Day of December 1768, of the Proceedings of the House, touching the Petition of the Representatives of Freemen in Assembly of Pensylvania, then offered to be presented to the House, might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, that an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the Dependency Of His Majesty’s Dominions in America,- upon " the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Question, by inserting after the Word

Remonstrance" the Words " in which the said " Assembly claim to themselves Rights derogatory to, " and inconsistent with, the Legislative Authority of " Parliament, as declared by the said Act."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

14

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Lord Cranbcurne, S’( Mr. Gascoym,

Tellers for the Yeas,

186.

Tellers for tiic Noes,} IT10 ??^rSuls 7 6.

I Air. Alderman j '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put, That the said Representation and Remonstrance, in which the said Assembly claim to themselves Rights derogatory to, and inconsistent with, the Legislative Authority of Parliament, as declared by the said Act, be brought up;

If passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, that an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, r intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund towards further ovenimca " defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within " the Province of Quebec, in America," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for amending and explaining the said Act: And that the Lord North, Mr. Gascoyne, and Mr. Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. i

The Lord North presented to the House, according Ditto, to Order, a Bill for amending and explaining an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund towards further " defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within " the Province of Quebec, in America:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly*.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware Earthen Ware (except Gaily Tiles) the Manufacture ImPoru'JOU-of Europe, to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the same with a Duty ad Valorem, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware (except Gaily Tiles) the Manufacture of Europe, to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the same with a Duty ad Valorem.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to permit the free Importation of Goat Skins. Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, was read the Thifd Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

East India Company,

Clothing Army; Ireland.

Exchequer Bills Bill,

Ways

and Mean?.

Six Clerks Offices, Lincoln’s Inn

15 Geo. III. 15° Mail.

377

An ingossed Bill to continue, fora Time to be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by " Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, " for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of " England trading to the East Indies," as obliges the said Company to export, annually. Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, lb much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by " Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied " in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies" as obliges the said Company to export, annually. Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the East Indies, to a certain Value.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

for re-building the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Office of the " Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, and " for erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant " General of the said Court, for the better preserving " the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, " kept in such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane; and for other Purposes;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directecl him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom- Shnf.rfkn-y

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Election-

upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 10th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to enable , the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs " for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die during the.

" Recess of Parliament and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough*. . of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving a public Reward to such Per — son or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discovet . a Northern Pafi'age from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

Northern

Paflige

J^ifcovea-y.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pratt and

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^r* Leeds:

the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Mr. Speaker, ' ,

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year The have Passed a B,11> intituled, An Act td

} enable the Reverend Edmund Hodftton, Rector of Spent* — g ennithome

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. ** in the County of York, to exchange the Ty*ho® p Tithe*. Mr. Speaker left the Chair. of Townships of Harnby and Spenttithorne, for Lands

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- in the Parish of in the County of York,_ be-

l°nging to Mr. William Bayncsy to be settled to the ii^r*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Uses i to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, this^ House.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made fe- And then the Messengers withdrew.

veral Amendments thereunto which they had directed Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman have Leave to make

him to report, when the House will please to receive a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

r 1 . *

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth have ‘Leave to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to make a Motion.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the And he moved the House accordingly; And,

Supply granted to His Majesty; An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Act for rendering effectual a Proposal or Agreemeo

f BUO-£

ing next, resolve ltlelt into the said Committee. made between the Duke of and the Lord Agreement.

Bishop of Winchester, for exchanging and enfranchising The Order of the Day being read, for the House certain Leasehold and- Copyhold Lands and Hereuftp-" to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ments, in the Parish and Manor of Adderbitry, in the House, upon the Bill for applying the Funds provided County of Oxford; and for enabling the said Bilh6p to Vol. 35. 5 D grant

the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Hamby

and

WipnWrit.

Woottoh

Wawen,

&c.

Inclosuxe*

Spakhriclc,

Ac*.

Indolure.

3uppjy.

378 15° — i 6° Mai. 1775.

grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned, was read a Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported |*thequit Second Time. irom the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth,&c.; And they are to or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 17 75, was

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the committed, the Amendments which the Committee Speaker’s Chamber. had made to the Bill; and which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Re-And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

Morning, Ten of the Clock. with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

... ' ~ ~ Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

the House.

Mart is 16° die Maii* Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

* ingrafted.

Anno 15® Georgii IIP" Regis, 177$* Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported SixCltrks

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom.

Pit A teas. the Bill for applying the Funds provided for re* Lincoln *Ion

,. ,lf building the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do iflbe his Mar- Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th T Clerk of the Crown to make out a new year die Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present tuled, "An Act for re-building the Office of the Six Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County .< clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, and for of Lancaster, in the room of Beaumont Hotham, Esquire, ere(sting Offices for the Register and Accountant . how One of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of General of the said Court, for the better preserving Exchequer at Westminster. " the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices," in building Offices An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's , and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Com- instead of re-bullding the present Six Clerks Office in monabte Lands, within the Parish of Wootton Wawen, Chancery Lane; and for other Purposes, was committed, otherwise Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick, the Amendments which the Committee had made to was read the Third Time. the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were able Lands, within the Parish of Wootton Wawen, Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One otherwise Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick. by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the were agreed to by the House.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting and in-ctefing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lord reported from the Commit- Duke of

Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish tee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, inti* Argyll’* and Liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe, in the County tuled, An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to fell Estate* of Huntingdon, was read the Third Time. _ certain Rights of Servitude over Lands, in the County

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the 11116 of Argyll, belonging in Property to Hugh Seton, Elbe, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the quire, and Sir James Campbell, Baronet, was com-Qpen and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties gations of the Bill, and found the same to be trtie; and of Spaldwick with Upthorpe, in the County of Hun- that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to tingdon. the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that

Ordered, That the Lord Ludlow do carry the Bill the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Resolved, That the Bill do pals,

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the

to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this had directed him to report to the House; which he House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amend-read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the ment.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

followeth; viz. A Petition of the Merchants of the Port of - CooVworthy’*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pool, whole Names are subscribed, was presented to the Patent. That the Sum of Eight hundred and Eighty thousand House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to enable His are informed a Bill is depending, for enlarging the Majesty to satisfy and make good the several Sums Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Ma-payable to the Persons who have subscribed their Ca- jesty, to Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist,

pital Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, to for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain be discharged and annihilated, upon the Terms ex- Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable pressed in the Resolution of this House of the 4th Day Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant (to whom the of th;s Instant May. laid Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry the

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, iaid Discovery into Execution; and that the Peti-was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tioners apprehehd that the said Bill, if passed into a the House. Law, would be highly injurious to very great Num-

*6 bets

15 Geo. III. i6° Mail 379

bers who are concerned in the Potteries of this King- thereunto subscribed, On Behalf of thetTiselves and Se-dom, and, by a continued Restriction in the free Use veral others, Merchants, Mariners and Tradesmen, Of of raw Materials, prevent such further Improvements the said Port, and also the Petition of the Merchants, as might be productive of moil important Advantages Mariners, and Tradesmen, of the Port of to the Commerce and Navigation of Great Britain: whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not themselves, and several others. Merchants, Mariners, pais into a Law. and Tradesmen, of the said Port, were read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and Table. examined a Witness in Support of the said Petitions,

and went through their Evidence.

Quebec A Bill for amending and explaining an Act, passed And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Gov', V'1 em in the 14th Year of His Majesty’s Reign inti- And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill, ovonpen. to establish a Fund, towards fur- And a Motion being made, and the Questiofi being

" ther defraying the Charges of the Administration of proposed. That the Bill do pare’}

" Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within Mr. John , attending according to Order,

" the Province of Quebec, in America,*' was read a was called in; and, at the Bar, examined.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order.

Account An Account of the Quantities of Train Oil, Blub-presentcdj l>er, and Whale Fins, imported into that Part of 1 ‘ Great Britain called England, for the last Twenty, Years; distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence imported, and the Duties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir John JVrottefley do make the Re- port from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed.

Sir John IVrottefley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Wrottesley do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Phillips* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third V>ththouse. Reading of the Bill for making perpetual a Grant from His present Majesty, to John Phillips, of Liverpool, Gentleman, of a Rock, or Rocks, called The Smalls, and for the more effectually levying and collecting certain Duties, to enable nim the better to erect and maintain a Lighthouse upon the said Rock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel against the Bill were called in, no Coun-

lei appearing for the Bill.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

And the Petition of the Merchants, Mariners, and Tradesmen, of the Port of Laucafler, whose Names are

Vol. 35.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the Question being put, That the fiitt do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth/

Tdteis fof the Yeas, j pf/!’'’ }

Tellers for the Noes, {{^ *

So it passed in the Negative

Ordered, That the Warden of His Majesty’s Pri- o,w._|iu son of the Fleet do. Tomorrow Morning, bring in . *»teau safe Custody John Bolton, now a Prisoner for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, to this House, Fn order to has being examined as a Witness, when the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to PVilliam Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist,

for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Brlfiol, Merchant (to whom the

laid Letters Patent have been assigned) to /carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, is Ordered to be taken into Conti deration 1 And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the feveraf Diu«K Potters and Dealers in Earthen Warc and Porcelain, whose Names are subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be admitted to be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, when the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of,

Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant, to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned, to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, shall be taken into Consideration, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Northern to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving a Public Reward to such Per- °

son or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage from Europe, to the West and.

Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

380 i 6° — 170 Mali. . 1775.

Sir Robert Smyth took the Chair -of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Robert Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the1 Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Shaftefoury Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Election. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 10th Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs for " the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die during the " Recess of Parliament;" and for suspending the Execution of the said Act,- with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of , during the next Recess of-Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17* Maii;

Anno 15* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

FUheries. ' A ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the jl\. Fisheries carried on from Great,

: and the British Dominions in Europe; and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

f*r. 23. 1. 24. After " Vessel" to insert " "

and to leave out " in or" and insert " and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great , and the British

Dominions in Europe ;and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clothing An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Clothing and Army, Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, Ireland, paid out Qf His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve j and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues. arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a

Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1775, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

IIS-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for applying the Funds provided for re-building the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery', by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re building the Office of the Six " Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, and for " erecting Offices for the Register and Accountant " General of the said Court, for the better preserving " the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, " kept in such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of instead of

re-building the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane-, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of " the King’s Court of Chancery, and for erecting " Offices for the Register and Accountant General of

the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, " Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in " such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane; and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Francis Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of divers Messuages, Wharfs, and Hereditaments, called in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found (lie same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them,'that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pratt and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pair tures, and all other the Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Oxford; with -out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for

Exchequer Bills BilL

Six CleHLs Offices, Lincoln*} Ion*

Montague Close Sale, See*

Brize Norton inclosure.

i5 Geo. III. xf Mail

38.1

Theatre.

Kildale

lodoiure.

for enabling His Majesty to license a Playhouse, in the Town of Matuhcjhr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of , in

the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

Mr. Jenkinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Jenkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill,’ and made an Amendment . thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Rape Seed. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, by reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds producing Oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free Importation of Rape Cakes, for Manure, from Ireland., to this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also, A.'niiniftcring The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oaths by to imjrower Jufuces of the Peace to ad mini her Oaths, juiheu. where any Penalty is to be levied, or Distress to be

made, in Pursuance of any Act of Parliament, wherein the same is not expressly directed; without any Amendment: And also,

♦Newark The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for extending the Duty of Two Pennies , Paving!or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Tint of Ale and Beer, vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow and the Privileges thereof, over the Town of; for supplying the

Inhabitants of Port and , with fresh

Water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns; for erecting public Markets therein; for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Bread and Ealt and West Quays of the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the MciTengers withdrew.

ftonr Assize, Mr. Poivnallreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the due making of Flour of Wheat, and to regulate and ascertain the Sorts, Goodness, and Prices, thereof, wherever the Regulations for ascertaining the Sorts, Goodness, and Prices, of Bread made of Wheat, do take Place, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Shaftesbury Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, Election. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the xoth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Com- " mons to issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs

" for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, " in the room of such Members as shall die during the " Recess of Parliament and for iulpending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of during the next

Reccfs of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for enabling the Speaker of the House of -Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown to make out new Writs in the room of such Members as shall, during a Recess of Parliament, become Peers of Great Britain.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

V01, 35.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Llci^fe Quebec to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. Government, upon the Bill for amending and explaining an A iff, passed in the 14th Year of His MajestyReign, intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund, towards further " defraying the Charges of the Administration of ] ustice, and Support of the Civil Government, within.

" the Province of Quebec, in America," Ev now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair,

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through , the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of* Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer — Fun tain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year 1775, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the jC3- Per 9ent* Capital Stocks of f. 3 per Centum Annuities, in the A n Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for Lottery, establishing a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom Heming’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<£V fcrtate. for veiling the several Estates of the late Samuel Heming, Esquire, situate in Jamaica, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell the lame, for the Payment of the Incumbrances thereon, and of his Debts; and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee hail directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prefer)ted to Chaplain His Majesty, that He will be graciously plealed to

E confer *

Bedford

Election.

Cookworthy’i

Patent.

x 7° Mail.

A- 1775*

confer some Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Mr. Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, in the County of Bed/ord, and Electors for that Borough, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants, being Householders of Bedford, and Electors for the said Borough, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to William Coekworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Rickard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent

have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution for the Benefit of the Public, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

tn.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are subscribed, and also the Petition of the several Potters and Dealers in Earthen Ware and Porcelain, whole Names are subscribed, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and having proposed to examine Joflah Wedgwood, in Support of the said Petitions, against the said Bill;

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the Bill, on account of the said Joflah Wedgwood'% having distributed to the Members of this House a printed Paper, in Behalf of himself, and the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware, in the County of Stafford, against the said Bill; and having been heard in Support of the said Objection;

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard in Answer to such Objection;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Joflah Wedgwood, having distributed, to the Members of this House, a printed Paper, intituled, " A Memorial relative to a Petition from Mr.

" pion, for the Extension of a Patent," in Behalf of himself, and the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware, in the County of Stafford, against the said Bill, be admitted to be examined in Support of the Petitions presented to this House against the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proceeded; and having proposed to examine Thomas Bentley, a Partner with Mr. Wedgwood, in the Pottery Ware;

The same was objected to by the Counsel for the BiH.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Thomas Bentley, Partner in the Pottery Ware with the said Joflah Wedgwood, be admitted to be exa-9

mined in Support of the said Petitions, against the said BiH.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to confirm the said Letters Patent, or to lengthen the Duration thereof, in case the same were not of full Force and Effect in Law before the Palling this Act.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas V Sir William Bagiot,7 ,

tellers lor the leas, jejr \ 3&-

Tellers for the Noes, j} 83'

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That in same the said Richard Champion shall ascertain the Mixture and Proportions of the Materials of Porcelain, it shall not be lawful for any other Person to use them in the said Proportions.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with a Blank.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That printed Copies of the Forms annexed Poor Law». to the Report, which, upon Tliurfd last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to review and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants,' and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be lent to the several Persons described in the last of the Resolutions then reported from the said Committee; and that the said Persons do make the Returns, required by an Order of this House of the 11 th Day of April last, according to the said Forms, or as near as conveniently may be.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for giving a Public Reward to such Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Nor hem Pal'age Difiovery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

15 Geo. Ill

i8° Mail. 383

Ordered That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

£.3.per Cent. Annuities and Lottery*

yovts, 18° die $

4

Anno 150 Georgii III1'* Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, fdr the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, upon the Bill for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of £. 3. per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned } and for establishing a Lottery, be now read.

And 'the said Order being read accordingly;

The *H6ufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Rrifiol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters JPatent have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Publicj be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly }

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz-.

Pr. 12. 1. 13* After the Word " Assigns" to insert " subject nevertheless to such " Conditions as are contained in the said Letters Patent."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Kotos Fund. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund} and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That lo much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, and to the Sums which should arise by the Sale of the Ceded Islands, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Quebec An ingrossed Bill for amending and explaining an Civil Ad, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Government. Reign> intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund, towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government, within the Province of Quebec, in ,"

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and explaining an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund, towards further " defraying the Charges of the Administration of Just " tice, and Support of the Civil Government, within " the Province of Quebec, in America."

Vol. 35.

Tellers for the Yea; JMg

Tellers for the Non,) U^GiiZ f18*’ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jenkinson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his " Warrants, to make out new Writs for the Choice of " Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such " Members as shall die during the Recess of Parlia-"*ment and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read} and, upon the Quest tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bist.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend Mr. Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty} and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Arthur Onslow, as is desired.

AMeft

Conlcwortliyi

Patent.

Sha fte (bury ElrfUon.

Chaplaiim of the House

St. Paul,

Cozen* <Jurd n, l’uwr, &c.

Prom* (lory Notes, \c.

Ramsey,

*c.

Drainage,

Claydon,

&c.

Inclosure.

T odenham Inclosure.

Spa Id wick, &c. Inclosure.

Alnham

Inclosure.

Leeds Free School

iUi«ue.

Quebec

Civil

Government.

384 180 M., A. 1775.

A Message from the Lords, by Ivlr. Pratt and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Sjieaker,

The fiords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint r. Co-vent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to re drain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England; without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ram fey. Bury, IViJioiv, War boys, Colne, and

Pidleyzvith Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and within the

Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lands, Failures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Claydon, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of otherwise Todenham, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also, .

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Pari lb and Liberties of zviek with Upthcrpe, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: A.nd also.

The l^rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the Township of Alnham, in the Parish of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale and Enfranchisement of certain Copyhold Tenements and Premises, in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York:, Part of the Estate belonging to the

Free Grammar School there, for the Purpol'e of erecting a public Cloth Hall, and making Avenues*or Passages thereto, and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the said School; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill, from the Lords, was read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition and Memorial of His Majesty’s ancient Subjects, the Seigneurs, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, and others, settled in H is Majesty’s Province of Quebec, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, under the Sanction of His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation of the 7th Day of 1 763, which

promises to all Persons inhabiting in, or rclorting to, the said Province, the Enjoyment of the Benefit of the Laws of the Realm of England, until Assemblies should be called therein, the Petitioners settled themselves in the said Province, having intruded their own Properties, as well as very considerable Sums of their Friends, in Goods and Merchandize from Great Britain, and intruded the same into the Hands of the Canadians, as well for the Purpose of internal Trade in the Province, as for Out-

17

lets in carrying on the Traffic of Furs and Peltries in the Indian Countries and Fisheries below Quebec, many of them having purchased Lands and Houses, and been employed in Agriculture, and the Exportation of Grain and other Produce to Foreign Markets, to the great Benefit and Emolument of the said Province, which has ftourished chiefly by the Industry and enterprizing Spirit of the said Subjects, who, under the Protection of British Laws, and by the Assistance of Annual Supplies of British Manufactures, and other Goods and Merchandize, obtained upon Credit from the Merchants of Great Britain, have been enabled to carry oh at Icaft Four Parts in Five of, all the Imports and Exports, which are principally made in British Bottom^ the latter consisting of Furs, Peltries, Wheat, Fish, Oil, Pot-afh, Lumber, and other Country Produce > and for the more convenient carrying on the said Trade and Commerce, they have built Wharfs Store-Houses, at a very great Expence, in lb mqplpi [that the Property, Real and Personal, now in British Hands, or by them intrusted to Canadians at a long Credit, is One Llalf of the whole Value of the Province, exclu-five of the Wealth of the different Communities, which the Petitioners have in Part set forth in their Petition to His Majesty, dated at Quebec, the 31 ft Day of December 1773, praying, that He would be graciously pleased to require His Governor or Commander in Chief to call a General Assembly, in such Manner, and of such Constitution and Form, as to His Majesty should seem best adapted to secure the Peace, Welfare, and good Government, of their Province; wherefore, with Concern, the Petitioners observe, that, in certain Examinations taken before the House, the British Subjects at Quebec have been grossly abused and misrepre-fented, as well as to their Numbers as in their Importance in the said Province, for the Numbers of the new Subjects have, the Petitioners conceive, been greatly exaggerated; it being by the last Computation about 75,000; and that, by an Enumeration of the British Subjects, they amount at this Time to upwards of 3,000 Souls, besides many, that the Petitioners cannot immediately ascertain, that are dispersed in the Indian Countries, carrying on Traffic with the Savages, besides the Merchants and Traders, with their Families, settled at Detroit and its Dependencies, and at the Fisheries below Quebec-, and that an Act has lately passed, for the making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America, which is laid to have been passed upon the Principles of Humanity and Justice, and at the pressing Instance and Request of the new Subjects, signified to His Majesty, by a Petition, setting forth their Dislike to the British Laws and Form of Government, and praying, in the Name of all the Inhabitants and Citizens of the Province, to have the Institutes in

their Stead, and a total Abolition of Trials by Jury, together with a Capacity of holding Places of Honour and Trust, in common with His Majesty’s ancient Subjects; and the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, that the said Petition was never imparted to the Inhabitants in general, that is, the Freeholders, Merchants, and Traders, who are equally alarmed with the Petitioners, at the Canadian Laws being to take Place, but was in a secret Pdanner carried about, and signed by a few of the Seigneurs, Chevaliers, Advocates, and others in their Confidence, at the Suggestions, and under the Influence, of their Priests, who, under Colour of French Laws, have obtained an Act, which deprives His Majesty’s ancient Subjects of all their Rights and Franchises, destroys the Habeas Corpus Act, and the inestimable Privilege of Trial by Juries, the only Security against the Venality of a corrupt Judge, and gives unlimited Power to the Governor and Council to alter the Criminal laws; which Act has already struck a Damp upon the Credit of the Country, and alarmed the Petitioners with the just Apprehensions of

arbitrary

"V »

i5 Geo. III.

18 s — 190 Mail

o> Q

5 w s

arbitrary Fines and Imprisonment, and which, if it takes place, will oblige them to quit the Province, or in the End it rauft accompli fh their Ruin, and ithpoverish or hurt their generous Creditors, the Merchants in Great Britain, &c.; to prevent which, the Petitioned pray. That the said Act may be repealed or amended; that they may have the Benefit and Protection of the Laws, in so far as relate to Personal Property; and that their liberty may be ascertained, according to their ancient Constitutional Rights and Privileges heretofore granted to all His Majesty’s dutiful Subjects through-out the Britt fh Empire.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual Provision " for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in " North America," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas. j J£; ta TwnJhmJ, J 86

Telle, for, he Noe, J »£ C£J ,74. So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Go* Skiat.

Earthenware

Importation.

Vi zneris, 190 Maii;

Anno 15° Georgii III'" Regis, 1775. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pratt and Mr. Leedt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Free Importation of Raw Goat Skins, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And aUb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen Ware (except Galley Tiles) the ManufaitUre of Europe, to be sold, in Great Britain, and for charging the same with a.Duty ad Valorem; without any Amendment; And Also,

Copy Right The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Act Ait the for enabling the two Universities in England, the Four Universities. Universities in Scotland, and the several Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and to hold in Perpetu-

ity their Copy Right in Books, given or bequeathed to the faitl Universities and Colleges for the Advancement of tJfeful Learning, and other Purposes of Edu- Cation; and for amending so much of an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the Delivery of Books to the Warehouse-keeper of the Stationers Company, for the Use of the several Libraries therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Exchequer The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bilik Bill. to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the " Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned, " for the Relief of the United Company of Mcrclunts VOL. 35.

" of England trading to the indies" as oblige tb-laid Company to export, annually, Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or* Manukiciir^, of Great Britain, to their Settlements in the ladies, ton certain Value; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

An iiigrofled Bill to explain And amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

" An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new VYrns M for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, " in the room of such Members as shall die during the " Recess Of Parliament;" and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaft esbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess or Parliament, was read the Thirp Time;

Befo/ved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend An Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of " Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new " Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall " die during the Rccefs of Parliament; " and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall, during the Recess of Parliament, become, by Succession,'Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament; and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of during the next- Recess of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkinson do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining, amehding, and enlarging, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An " Act for Sale- of certain Leasehold Estates, late of " Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to the " Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester Collegei " in the University of Oxford, and for laying out the " Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee Simple " Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;* and for indemnifying the acting Trustee or Trustees, appointed under the said Act, for having expended a larger Sum of Money than allowed by that Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Sir James Pennyman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday Morning next.

Eaton’s Gift

trt

Oxford

Univerlily,

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-fourth Volutpe, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal, and Index, be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal, and Index, be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to pant the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that fie' will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Pounds to lie advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the

5 F Journal

journal,

6cc«

A 1775-

386

19* — 22° Maii.

Journal of this House, from the Ead of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the 34th Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House, and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pkafed to order a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this 4Foule shall authorize to receive the lame, towards further defraying the Expence of making a General Index to the Journals of this House; and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Add re Acs be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Hamby An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend Edmund , Rector of

Tythes. Spennitharue, in the County of York, to exchange the

Tythes of the Town&ips of Hamby and Spennitkome, for Lands in the Pari Ah of CoverJiant, in tire County of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be settled to the same Lies, was read a Second Time.

Resolvecdi That the Bill be committed to Sir James Peuayman, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Monday Morning next

£$perCent Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the ^"aod* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Lowery, redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital

Stocks of £. 3. per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sinking Mr. Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Fuad. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bq ingrafted.

Luna, 2 2° Maii}

Anno 15* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

And then t the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Prayers.

3D ESOLVED, Nemine contradicenle, That an hum- Death

ble Address be presented to His Majesty, to con- Queen dole with His Majesty on the Lois His Majesty has Denmark, sustained in the Death of that most excellent Prmcefs,

His Majesty’s Sifter, tire Queen of Denmark.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrafted Bill for redeeming the Sum of One £.;.perC<i?_ Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Anauitia Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the '

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- sh»ki«j tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for Fiuai-applying. certain Monies, therein mentioned, for tire Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Joornai. His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Seven thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Par*, liamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think, fit; and to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the lame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are- of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

T

Mr. IVtlbraham Bootle reported from the Committee; Eari of to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled,:

An Act to confirm several Building Leases, already * granted by the Right honourable the Earl of Sefm, of the Kingdom of Ireland, of Part of His settled Estates in the County of Lancaster: and to enable him during his Life, and after his Decease the Trustee, during, the Minority of any Infant, to grant other Building and Improving Leases; and for other f*m> iposes in the said Act mentioned, was committed; That the Committee hod examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to . be true; and that the.

Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered-the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordtred,

i5 Geo. III. 22° Mali.

387

Ordered, That Mr. IVtIbrahamBootle da carry the and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Maim--

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House failure, of Great , to their Settlements in the

hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment. East , to a certain Value;

An Act to permit the Importation of Painted Earthen An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ware (except Galley Tiles) the Manufacture of for die Sale and Enfranchisement of certain Copyhold to be sold in Great , and for charging the fame.

Tenements and Premises, in the Parish of Leeds, in with a Duty ad Valorem: the County of York, Part of the Estate belonging to An Act for enabling the Two Universities in the Free Grammar School there, for the Purpose of land, the Four Universities in Scotland, and the several erecting a public Cloth Hall, and making Avenues or Colleges of Eton, Westminster, and , to hold

Passages thereto, and for applying the Purchase Money in Perpetuity their Copy Right in Books, given or for the Benefit of the said School, was read a Second bequeathed to the said Universities and Colleges, Time. for the Advancement of useful Learning, and other1,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lascelles, Purposes of Education; and for amending so much of

Sir George Seville,&c.: And they are to meet this an Act of the 8th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne9 Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s as relates to the Delivery of Books to tire Warehouse-Chamber. keeper of the Stationers Company, for the Use of the-

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, several Libraries therein mentioned: and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday An Act to permit the free Importation of Raw

Morning next. Goat Skins, into this Kingdom, for a limited.

Time:

Freeman's Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Rape Investment. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oil, and other Vegetable Oils, in this Kingdom, byr for veiling certain Lands at Hadley, in the Parish of reducing the Duties on Rape Seed, and other Seeds Wellington, in the County of Salop, deviled by the producing Oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing W ill of the Reverend Joshua Pulford, Clerk, deceased, the free Importation of Rape Cakes, for Manure, from in Joftiua Freeman, and his Heirs, was committed; Ireland, to this Kingdom:

That the Committee had examined the Allegations An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the 31st Year of of thd Bill, and found the same to be true; and the Reign of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled; that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to " An Act aigainst the erecting and maintaining of the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that " Cottages

the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. land:

Resolved, That the Bill do pals. An Act to impower Justices of the Peace to admi-

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the niller Oaths, where any Penalty is to be levied, or Dif-

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed tress to be made, in Pursuance of any Act of Parliament, to the lame, without any Amendment. wherein the same is not exprefely. directed:

An Act for admeasuring Waggons, and other Car-A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the riages, used in loading Coals on board Ships at the Black Rod: several Ports of this Kingdom, in the same Manner

Mr. Speaker, as at the Ports of and Sunderland:

Royal wknt The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s An Act for vesting in Watt, Engineer, his

to Bills. Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use) Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme- and Property of certain Steam Engines, commonly called diate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House Fire Engines, of his Invention, described in the said

of Peers, to hear the Commission read. Act, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up Time: to the House of Peers. An Act for allowing the Officer appointed to maik

And being returned; or stamp the Weights, to be made Use of in weigh-

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House, at the Desire ing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom, in of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Par-Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House liament, to take certain Fees in the Execution of his of Peers; where a Commission under the Great Seal was Office:

read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Af- An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, lent to the several Public and Private Bills therein men- an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year, of His present tioned; and also impowering the Lord Archbishop of Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for regulating Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great B" and improving the Fisheries in the Riyer Tweed, and lain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord " the Rivers and Streams running into the feme, and Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and no- " allb within the Mouth or Entrance of the said tify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the " River:" .

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord An Act for altering, explaining, and amending, President of the Council, and the Earl of Sandwich, several' Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, respectiflg named also in tire feid Commission, did accordingly Colliers, Coalbearers, and Salters: «

declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at

wfrich Bills are as followeth; viz. . the Town of Mevagissey, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much An Act for enabling his Majesty to license a Play-of an Act, made in the 1.3th Year of the Reign of house, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Pala-JHis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting tine of Lancaster:

" to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by - An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Par Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied liament of Scotland, the 28th Day of June 1633, inin the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein men- tituled, "Aft anent the Clan ;" and the 15th

tioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Day of June 1693, intituled, " Act for the Judiciary " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies'" " in the so far as relates to the Mac

as obliges the said Companyjo export, annually, Gcxids Gregours; and to revive an Act of the said Parliament Vpt. 35. of

22* Mail

Royal Aflciit to

Bills.

A. 1775.

of the 46 th Day of April 1661, relative to the People Called Mac Gregours:

An Act for watering Picca from the End of "Berkeley Street to Hyde Park in the Parish of

Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for lighting and watching the Hamlet of Highgate, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Roads, and

?ublic Passages, within the Town of Hampstead, and 'arts adjacent, within the Parish of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a Nightly Watch therein, and a Patrole between the said Town and London:

An Act for paving and regulating, and for preventing Nuifonces and Obstructions within. New Gravel Lane, and the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Paul, in

the County of Middlesex, not comprised in an Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other Places therein mentioned:

An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of and

Liberties thereof:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norf olk:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wif-hech Murrow and Wisbech Gin the Isle of Ely,

’ and County of Cambridge:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, IViJlow, War boys, Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Hun-, tingdon, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for taking down the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Fulbourne, and County of j

and for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Church of Saint Vigors, in the said Town:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundred of , in the County of Lincoln i

An Act for extending the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, payable on every Pint of Ale and Beer, vended or sold in the Village of Port Glasgow, and the Privileges thereof, over

the Town of Newark; for supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh Water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets of the said Two Towns} for erecting public Markets therein) for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Breast and East and West Quays of the Harbour of fort Glasgow) and other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient Piece of Ground, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse thereon, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and for providing an additional Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish:

An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Luton, in the County of Bedford, to Gate, in

the said County, and from Luton to St. Albans, in the County of Hertford:

An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 18

George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading from Yweedfcross, towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blythe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and CarUpS, and from Inglefon, through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the limits of the County of Edinburgh: *

An Act to enlarge the Term of several Acts, passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen , the nth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the 10th, 13th, and 31st Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Wanvick, and for more effectually amending the said Highways:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, to Stokenckurch, in the County of . Oxford:

An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to fell certain Rights of Servitude over Lands in the County of Argyll, belonging in Property to Hugh Seton, Esquire, and Sir James Campbell, Baronet:

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement, made between John Earl of Breadalbane, and James Menzies, of Culdares, for the Exchange of certain Lands

in the County of Perth:

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuager, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Essex and Norfolk, being the settled Estates of James Lord Viscount Grimflon, of the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Portions and Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate and being in the County of Hertford, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for establishing and confirming Exchanges of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Row-sham, in the County of Oxford, purliiant to Articles of Agreement between Sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway, Esquire, and the Reverend Harry Lee; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, and the Trustees named in the Settlement on his Marriage with Dame Wilkelnuna Shelley, deceased, his late Wife, to convey Part of the Estates, in the County of Sussex, comprised in such Settlement, in Exchange for, or in lieu of, other Estates belonging to the said Sir John Shelley, in the same County:

An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division, made by and between Sir James Pennyman, Baronet, Charles Anderson Pelham, Esquire, and Michael Newton, Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Middlesex, and City of London, late the Estates of Sir Michael Wart on, Knight, deceased) and for settling and limiting the entire and specific Parts and Shares, which, upon the said Partition and Division, have been allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting a Freehbld Estate, late of Eliah Harvey, Esquire, deceased, called Buckhouse, otherwise Munckham, situate in the Parishes of Woodford and Chigwell, in the County of Essex, in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trull, to sell and convey the same as therein mentioned} and for applying the Money, arising by Sale thereof, for the Benefit of Edward Harvey, an Infont, his only Son and Heir at Law) and for die other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Peter Legh, Esquire, and the Reverend Ashbttrnham Legh, Clerk, to grant Building and Improving Leases of Part of their settled Estates, within the Counties of Lancaster and Chester i

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of

Kent

15 Geo. III.

Kent and Middlesex, Part of the settled Estates of

hora Diccon/on, the Wife of William , Esquire,

in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Worcesterand Rowland Esquire, to make and establish an Exchange of certain Lands and Tythes, in the Parish of in

the County of Worcester:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Elizabeth , an Infant, in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland:

An Act to subject and charge the Prebend Manor of Mych Milton, in the County of , and the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges, or Annual Payments, to the Reverend John Wheeld, and his Successors, Prebendaries of the Prebend of Mych Milton aforesaid; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the lame, so charged, in the Reverend Charles St urges, his Heirs and Assigns:

An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Ednam, in the County of , formerly belonging to James , Esquire, deceased,

and now to Captain William , as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Peacocke, Esquire, and Emma his Wife, in the

Parish of Llanedwan, in the County of Anglesea, in the said William Peacocke, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said William Peacocke, in the Parish of Penmynydd, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritancej of the Estates late of Robert Doyne, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be sufficient to pay off and discharge all the Debts, legacies, and other Incumbrances, affecting the said Estates; and for the other Purports therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Estates of Edmund Bull, Esquire, in the County of Hertford, and City of London, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances, and other Purports therein expressed:

An Act for vesting in the Reverend William Peacock And his Heirs, in Fee Simple, Part of the Glebe Lands, and the Tythes, of the Parish of Danby Wijke, and Gafferton otherwise Yafferton, in the County of 7'ork\ and for let ding certain Freehold Estates of the said William Peacock in him and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; and for other Purports therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, devised by the Will of William Pitt, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other I^ands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to such of the Uses limited or devised by the said Will, as are, or shall be, capable of taking Effect:

- An Act to enable Mordecai Greene, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, to carry into Execution an Agreement made for, and on the Behalf of, Alice Bland, Widow, deceased, with Ralph Milner-, and also to grant Building and Repairing Leases of such Parts of the Estates of the said Alice Bland, as lie in or near the Town of Manchester; and also Leases for Twenty-one Years, of other the Estates late of the said Alice Bland:

An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold

Estates, entailed by the Will of William Lock, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing Vol. 35.

389

other Estates, to be settled to the same IJfes, subject to the Annuities and other Charges thereon; and for other Purports therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of I^ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting certain Parts of divers MefluagOs, Wharfs, and Hereditaments, called Montague Close, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell the lame; and for other Purports therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the several Estates of the late Samuel Heming, Esquire, situate in Jamaica, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same for the Payment of* the Incumbrances thereon, and of his Debts; and for other Purports:

An Act for inclosing and improving several Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parish of Hick ling, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Hills, Sleights, and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise den, in the Parish of Breedon, in the County of cester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fens, Common Meadows, Common Fields, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of and in Quadiing

Hundred, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Common Meadows, in the Liberty of Brinsley, in the Parish of Greafley, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Stinted Pasture, called Stockam Marsh, in the Parish of Bremhill, in the County of Wilts; and for exonerating certain Old Inclosures, within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and Commonable Places, of ltchington and Bafcote, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Sutton cum Lound, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Knap-well, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Braunston, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field and Commonable Land, lying within the Townships, Liberties, and Precincts, of Upper Tadmarton and Lower Tadmarton, in the County of Oxford

An Act for-dividing and inclosing the Operi Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or ^Vafie Grounds, within the Hamlets of Lea and Marston, in the Parish of Lea Marjion, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Pieces of Waste Ground, within the Liberty of Dv.nton, in the Parish of Curdworin the said County: An Act for dividing and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, and Part of the Open and Common Downs, called; Southcott and Down,

Work Down, and other Commonable Places; and also for dividing and inclosing Pew-fey Common, in the Parish of Pewfey, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and all other the Commonable Grounds,

5 G in

2 2° Mali.

RoyM Assent to

Bii-.

390

22° M

h. ins

Bills.

ttoysl Assent in the Parish of Brize Norton, in the County of Ox*

to ford:

An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement, for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of dale, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township, Liberties, and Precincts, of Clay don, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Todnam, otherwise ,in the County of

Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, called Alnham Moor, or Alnham Common, and also the Infield Grounds of the Township of Alnham, in the Parish of Alnham, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick with Up in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Greene, Merchant, with Juliana Greene, otherwise Judge, his , now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Levina Benjamina Goodricke.

Hamby

and

Sir James Pennyman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, -An Act to enable the Reverend Edmund Hodjhon, Rector of Spennithorne, in the County of York, to exchange the Tythes of the Townships of Hamby and Spennithorne, for Lands in the Parish of Goverham, in the County of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the.

' 'Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Eaton’s Gift Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom *° the ingyofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Unirafity. expiring, amending, and enlarging, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 18 th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for Sale of certain -Leasehold Estates, late of Sarah " Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to the Provost, " Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester College, in the " University of Oxford, and for laying out the Money " arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee Simple Estates; " and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;" and for indemnifying the acting Trustee or Trustees, appointed under the said Act, for having expended a larger Sum of Money than allowed by that Ad; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do cany the Bill to the

»6

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Dundas reported from the Committee, tp Duke of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Buccleugh’s. Act for rendering effectual a Proposal or Agreement, made Agreement, between the Duke of Buccleugk and the Lord Bishop of Winchester, for exchanging and enfranchising certain Leasehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish and Manor of Adderbury,- in the County of Oxford, and for enabling the said Bishop to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to E.\ri Ferret* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, fciiate. An Act for appointing new Trustees, to carry into Execution an Act, passed in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectually carrying into Execution an Act,

" made in the 6th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees " the settled Estate of Washington Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the " Incumbrances and Portions affecting the same and " the rest of the settled Estate; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned,’’ in the room and stead of those appointed by the said Act, who are desirous of resigning the Trust thereby reposed in them, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, pursuant to the Mititiv Divedions of several Acts of 'Parliament,

Copies of the Annual Returns of the Militia, at the Time of the Annual Exercise in the Year 1774: And also,

Copies of such Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, for the Year 1774, as have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to plundering Order, a Bill for preventing the inhuman Practice of Shipwreeti plundering Ships that are shipwrecked on the Coasts of Great Britain; and for the further Relief of Ships in

Distress on the said Coasts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered,

?oor Laws.

Buckingham House: Queen's Residence.

Exchequer Bills Hill.

Fisheries.

Six Clerks

Offices, Lincoln’s Inn

Clothing Army, &c# Ireland.

Wootton

Wawen,

Ac*

Inclosure.

15 Geo. III. 'i2* — 24 Mail 39*

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The laid Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burke, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which, upon the 11 th Day of April last, and the 11 th Day of this Instant May, were made from the Committee, who were appointed to review and consider the several Laws which concern the Relief and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, be taken into further Considera* tion upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling Buckingham House, with the Appurtenances, upon the Queen, in case She shall survive His Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace c*f Somerset House-, for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House, in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in erecting and establishing Public Offices in Somerset; and for imbanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe-, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Sealbn; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Funds provided for re-building the Offices of the Six Clerk’s of the King’s Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " re-building the Office of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, and for erecting Offices " for the Register and Accountant General of the " laid Court, for the better preserving the Records, " Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in " such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks, in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery-Lane; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland, lor a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wootton Wawen, otherwil'e Waves Wootton, in the county of ; with One

Vol. 35.

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the £ud Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 15, Leave out from "Meadows" to " provided" in Press 18.1. 2.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next,‘Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, 240 Maii;

Anno 15* Georgii III"' Regis, 1775.

P R A Y E R S.

R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Looe, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke,

and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey, in the room of Sir Francis Vincent, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale and Enfranchisement of certain Copyhold ? Tenements and Premises, in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estate belonging to the Free Grammar School there, for the Purpose of erecting a public Cloth Hall, and making Avenues or Passages thereto, and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the said School, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreeed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act

for

Looe

Writ*

Surrey

Writ.

Leeds Free School E (late.

t , per Cent

Annuities,

and

Lottery*

Sinking Fund.

392 240

for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

Quebec The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Civil for amending and explaining an Act, pafl’ed in the Government, year of J-(is Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund, towards further deffaying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, " and Support of the Civil Government, within the " Province of Quebec, in America" without any Amendment: And also,

St. Leonard, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Shoreditch, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Poor, Ac. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An " Act for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor, within the Pari lb of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, " in the County of Middlesex; and for building a " Workhouse, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for " a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish," without any Amendment: And also,

Shafteshury The Lords do desire that this House will commu-fJedion. n;cate j0 their Lordships the Grounds and Evidence upon which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to " issue his Warrants, to make out new Writs for the " Choice of Members to lerve in Parliament, in the " room of such Members as shall die during the Reeels of Parliament;" and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament in the room of such Members as shall, during the Recess of Parliament, become, by Succession, Peers of Great Brtain, and be summoned to Parliament; and for suspending the Execution of the said Act with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of set, during the next Recess of Parliament, lb far as the same relates to the suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to Hate the Grdunds upon which the Clause, for lulpending the Execution of the Act, referred to in the Message from the Lords, was inserted in the said Bill.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir George Tange, Mr. Vernon, &c.: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Tonge reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had prepared a State accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Commons have taken their Lordships Message into Consideration; and do acquaint their Lordships, that the Grounds upon which the House of Commons inserted in the Bill, mentioned in the Message of the Lords, the Clause for lulpending the Execution of the Act " to enable the Speaker of the House of " Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new " Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die " during the Recess of Parliament," with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, during the next Recess of Parliament, were,

That it appeared to the House of Commons, from a Report matie from One of their Select Committees, appointed under the Act of Parliament " for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections. or Re

Mali. A. 1775.

" turns of Members to serve in Parliament," that there was the moll notorious Bribery anti Corruption at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: This, the House of Commons were of Opinion, required the moll ferrous Consideration of Parliament; but, as it appeared to them too late to proceed in this Consideration in the present Session, and highly expedient to proceed as early as possible in the next, the House of Commons thought it essentially necessary, that, until they Ihoukl have an Opportunity of making a further Enquiry into that Matter, no Election for that Borough should , eventually take place, which might in any Manner afied that Enquiry, or prevent the Parliament from taking such effectual Measures for discouraging Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members of the House of Commons, as upon mature Deliberation should seem moll proper.

These are the Grounds, together with the Minutes of the Examination taken before the said Select Committee, a Copy of which the Commons have herewith transmitted to your Lordships; which, in their Opinion, did fully authorize them to insert in the said Bill the Clause for lulpending, during the next Recess of Parliament, the Execution of the said Act of the 10th Year of His present Majesty, with reiped to the Borough of Shafie, Quay.

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, to communicate to their Lordships the Grounds upon which the Clause, for fuljrending the Execution of the Ad, referred to in the Message of the Lords, was inserted in the said Bill.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Poor Laws, tion the several Reports, which, upon the 11th Day of April last, and the 11th Day of this Inllant May,

were made from the Committee, who were appointed to review' and consider the several Laws which concern the Reliet and Settlement of the Poor, and the Laws relating to Vagrants, and also the State of the several I Joules of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England-, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House.

And the Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second Time, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Treasurer of the Household reported to the Death

House, That their Address of Monday last (to condole ‘,fthe

with His Majesty on the Lois His Majesty has sustained of in the Death of that most excellent Princeis His Majesty’s Denmark. Sifter the Queen of Denmark) had been presented to H is Majesty; and that His Majesty wras pleuled to give this most gracious Anftvcr;

That He returns His Thanks to this House for the Concern they have expressed for the great I-ols which has happened in his family, by the Death of His Sifter, the Queen of Denmark.

Mr. Treasurer of the Household also reported to the journal, House, That t.ieir several Addresses of Friday and Monday last (that Elis Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Pounds to be advanced to John IIat Jell, Esquire,

Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Exjjence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the 34th Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Exoences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed -Journals, and Reports of this House; and also a Sum,

not

393

i5 Geo..II I.

hot exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced tb: such Person or Persons as the Speaker of this House shall authorize to receive the same, towards further de-' fraying the Expence of making:a General Index to the . Journals of this House; and also the further Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing One' thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit5 and to allure His Majesty that this House will make good the' lame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Act-dresses.

t)e«r Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill -Stealing. more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to , repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose: And that Mr. , Sir William and

Mr. Skymer, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ditto. Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Plundering Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, to whom Shipwrecks, the Bill for preventing the inhuman Practice of plundering Ships that are shipwrecked on the Coasts of Great Britain, and for ' the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coa/fcs, was committed j That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Shaftelhviry

Election.

Patent#

feeble*

Writ.

JEdinburgh

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Corrtmissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in the room of the Right honourable James Montgomery, Who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Chief Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Edinburgh, in the room of Henry Dundas, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland.

Carlisle Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Cain the County of *

land, in the room of Fletcher Norton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Hendred, in the County of Berks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vo l. 35.

> - Jovis, 2? die Mail \

Anno 15* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1775.

Pft^YERS. r.

A MESSAGE from the Lords;"by Mr. Holfordand

Mr. Browning i'

Mr. Speaker j

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ACfc to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His’ present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to rfiake out new Writs, for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament,

" in the room of such Members aS’shall die during the " Receft.of Parliament and for Enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to mate out new Writs, for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall, during the Recess^ of Parliament, become, by. Succession, Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament; and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with respect to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the Courtty of,

during: the next Recess of Parliament; with fomri Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion, of Merchant,

(to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution,.fof the Benefit of the Public; with Ibme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the fote Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, ih order to enable Richard Champion, of Bristol, Merchant (to whom the said Letters Patent have been assigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution for the Benefit of the Public.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. I.25. After " Assigns" insert " and no Further or greater than he, or the " said Richard Champion, would " have been entitled to if this Act " had not been made."

Pr. 12. 1. 13. After " Assigns " insert " Provided " always, and be it further Enacted and Declared by the Authority " aforesaid, That if the said Richard " Champion shall not cause to be u inrolled in the High Court of " Chancery, within Four Months " after passing this Act, a Specification of the Mixture and Proportions of the Raw Materials of " which his Porcelain is composed, " and likewise of the Mixture and " Proportions of the Raw Materials which compose the Glaze of " the same (which Specification is " now in the Hands of the Lord " High Chancellor of Great -5 H " tain)

3.94

25° — 26

" tain) or if the same shall not be <e a true and just Specification of " the Mixture and Proportions of " the said Materials, then this Act " shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, any Thing herein 11 before contained to the contrary " hereof notwithstanding. Provided also, That nothing in this " Act contained shall be construed ." to hihder or prevent any Potter or " Potters, or any other Person or Persons, from making Use of any " such Kaw Materials, or any Mixture or Mixtures thereof (except " such Mixture of Raw Materials, " and in such Proportions, as are " described in the Specification " herein before directed to be inrolled) any Tiling in this Act to " the contrary notwithstanding." The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question fercrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by die Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House " of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out hew " Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the ‘room of such Members as shall die " during the Reeds of Parliament;" and for enabling the Speaker of the House of Commons to make out new Writs, for the Choice of Members to lerve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall, during the Reeds of Parliament, become, by Succdfion, Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament; and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with re-lpedt to the Borough of Shaft eftntry, in the County of JDorset, during the next Reeds of Parliament.

And the said Amendments were read; and ore as fofloweth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 16. Leave out " by Succession."

1. 33. Leave out " by Succession."

Pr. 5. 1. 5, 6, VLeave out " would be highly inex-7, & 8. J " pedient, and contrary to the Intentions of the House of Commons and."

In the Title of the Bill, leave out u by Succdfion." The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Maii;

Anno 15* Georgii III*" Regis, 1775. Prayers.

West Looe f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

JSleftion. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of West Looe, in the County 18

'Maii. A. 1775*

6f Cornwall* in the loom of Charles Ogilvy, Esquire, who,:

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of Eafi Hendred, in the County of Berks.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis neux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands tins honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up R0ya| a (Teat to attend His Majesty: Where His Majesty was pleased ' to to give the Royal Afient to the several Public and Private Bills* Bills following; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five:

An Act for redeeming the Sum of One Million of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for settling Buckingham House, with the Ap-

?urtenances, upon the Queen, in case (he shall survive lis Majesty, in lieu of His Majesty’s Palace of House-, for enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House, in Holborn, and for applying the Money to arise by Sale thereof, together with other Monies, in cradling and establishing Public Offices in Somerset; and for embanking certain Parts of the River Thames, lying within the Bounds of the Manor of The Savoy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Briti/k Dominions in Europe; and few leaning the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season:

An Act for amending and explaining an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to establish a Fund, towards further " defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice,

" and Support of the Civil Government, within the " Province of Quebec, in America:

An Act for allowing the Clothing and Accoutrements necessary for His Majesty’s Forces, paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues arising in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the Places where such Forces are ordered to serve; and for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed imported into Ireland for a limited Time:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House " of Commons to issue his Warrants, to make out new " Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall die " during the Recess of Parliament and for enabling the Sjjeaker of the House of Commons to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the room of such Members as shall, during the Recess of Parliament, become Peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to Parliament; and for suspending the Execution of the said Act, with refj^edl to the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dvrfet, during the next Recess of Parliament:

An Act for applying the Funds provided for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King's Court of Chancery, by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An

15 Geo. III. $6°

u An Act for rebuilding the Oflke of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery, and for erecting u Offices Jof the Register and Accountant General of u the said Court, for the better preserving the Records* u Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in " such Offices," in building Offices for the said Six Clerks in the Garden of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present Six Clerks Office in Chancery Lane; and for other Purposes t

An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by His present Majesty, to William Cookworthy, of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole Use and Exercise of a Discovery of certain Materials for making Porcelain, ip order to enable Pi char Champion, of Bristol, Merchant* (to whom the said Letters Patent have been sfsigned) to carry the said Discovery into effectual Execution, for the Benefit of the Public:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment %t of the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Leonard,

" Shoreditch, in the County of ' Middlesex; and for K building a Workhouse, and for purch^sing a Piece of u Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said " Parish:"

An Act for rendering effectual a Proposal or Agreement, m&de~ between the Duke of Buccleugh and the Lord Bishop of Winchester, for exchanging and enfranchising certain Leasehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish and Manor of Adder bury, in the County of Oxford; and for enabling the said Bishop to grant Leases in Manner therein mentioned: An Act for appointing new Trustees, to carry into Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for tire u more effectually carrying into Execution an Act, u made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees " the settled Estate of Washington Earl Ferrers, in the " County of Derby, to be sold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions affecting the same and the " rest of the settled Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned," in the room and stead of those appointed by the said Act, who are desirous of resigning the Trust thereby reposed in them:

An Act for the Sale and Enfranchisement of certain Copyhold Tenements and Premises, in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, Part of the Estate be- longing to the Free Grammar School there, for the Purpose of erecting a Public Cloth Hall, and making Avenues or Passages thereto; and for applying the Purchase Money for the Benefit of the said School:

An Act to confirm several Building Leases, already granted by the Right honourable the Earl of Sefton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, of Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Lancaster; and to enable him during his. Life, and after his Decease the Trustee, during the Minority of any Infant, to grant other Building and Improving Leases, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Lands at Hadley, in the Parish of Wellington, in the County of Salop, devised by the Will of the Reverend Joshua Pulford, Clerk, deceased, in Joshua Freeman, and his Heirs:

An Act to enable the Reverend Edmund Hodfhon, Tedtor of Spsnnithorne, in the County of York, to exchange the Tythes of the Townships of Hamby and Spennithorne, for Lands in the Parish of Goverham, in the County of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for Sale of certain Leasehold Estates,

" late of Sarah Eaton, deceased, and by her devised to 11 the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, of Worcester Col-Ye i.

Mail 395

" lege, in the University of Oxford, and for laying out " the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of Fee " Simple Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned 5" and for indemnifying the acting Trustee or Trustees, appointed ufider the said Act* for having expended a larger Sum of Money than allowed by that Act j and for other Purposes therein mentioned i 1

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Wootton Wawen, otherwise Waves Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

After which* His Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth, biz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot, in Justice to you, forbear to express My Hi> Majkiy* entire Satisfaction in your Condu.dl, during the Course Speeth* of this important Session.

You have maintained, with a firm and steady Refb-lution, the Rights of My Crown, and the Authority of Parliament, which I shall ever consider as inseparable t You have protedled and promoted the Commercial Interests of My Kingdoms; and you have* at the same Time, given convincing Proofs of your Readiness (as far as the Constitution will allow you) to gratify the Wishes, and remove the Apprehensions, of My Subjedb in America; and I am persuaded, that the most salutary Effects must, in the End, result from Measures formed dnd conduced on such Principles*

The late Mark of your affectionate Attachment to Me, and to the Queen, and the Zeal and Unanimity which accompanied it, demand My particular Thanks.

I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that, as well from the general Dispositions of other Powers, as from the solemn Assurances which I have received, I have great Reason to expect the Continuance of Peace 2 Nothing on My Part, consistent with the Maintenance of the Honour and Interest of My Kingdoms, shall be wanting to secure the Public Tranquillity.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

It gives Me much Concern, that the unhappy Dif-turbanoes in some of My Colonies have obliged Me to propose to you an Augmentation of My Army, and have prevented Me from completing the intended Reduction of the Establishment of My Naval Forces. I cannot sufficiently thank you for the Cheerfolness and public 'Spirit with which you have granted the Supplies for the several Services of the current Year.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to desire of you, but to use your best Endeavours to preserve and to cultivate, in your several Counties, the same Regard for public Order, and the same Discernment of their true Interests, which have in these Times distinguished the Character of My faithful and beloved People; and the Continuance of which cannot fail to render them happy at Home, and respected Abroad.

After which, the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said j

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this £arI,amu^ Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the 27th Day of roro*uc July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the 27 th Day of -July next.

Jervis,

d,

Message from the Lords.

396 270 Juliu — 14'

yovis, 27® dfo ^W/V;

Anno 150 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1775-

TH R House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country; - -

A Motfage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod;

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His MajestyV Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 14th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 14th Day of September next.

Septembris. 1 1775.

Jovis, 14.0 die Septembris;

Anno 150 Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1775.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr, Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’i Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 26th Day of October next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 26 th Day of October next.

Message from the Lords.

Message to attend His Majesty.

Members take Oaths.

Outlawry

JBilL

j o u

397

O F

HOUSE of

THE

COMM O N S.

Jovh, 26° die OSiobtisy

Anno 16* Georgii III. Regis, 1775.

AM E S S A G E from His Majesty, by Sir Fratuis Molyneux, Gentleman Uflief- of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to Attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Purfu-ante of the Directions of an Act passed in the 10th Year of the- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons A to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs, for the " Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament," he had issued his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Rippoti, in the County of York, in the room of Char lei Allanjon, Esquire.

Several Members present, and feteral Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this . House, an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath, accordingly.

A Bill for the more, effectual preventing dandeftino Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Revived, That the Bill be read a. Second Time.

Yol. 35.

Mr. Speaker reported, T*hat the "House had attended King’s speech Ris Majesty in the House of-Peers; wjiere His Majesty wa^ pleased to make a most' gracious Speech from: the*

Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which,

Mr. Speaker laid, he had, "to prevent Miftafces,-obtained a Copy; which he read"to the House.' and is as followeth; viz. *

My Lords, and Gentlemen, '

The present Situation of America, _ and My conflapt Desire to have your Advice, Concurrence, and ft-ance, on every important Occasion, hare detenr*irted -N/le to call you thus early together. . .

> Those who Have long too fuccelsfulty laboured ,to km*

Rame My People in America by gross Mrfrepreien tatk>r-»s; and to infuse into their Minds a Syftetn of Opinions sr-c* pungnant to the true Constitution of the Colonies, and to their subordinate Relation. to Great Britain, now openly avow their Revolt, Hostility, and Rebellion.

They have raised Troops, and are collecting a Naval Force, they have seized the Public Revenue, and affomed to themfehres Legislative, Executive, and J udicial Powers, which they already exercise in the most arbitrary Manner, over the Persons and Properties of their Fellow Subjects; and although many of these unhappy Peopfe may still retain their Loyalty, and may be too wile not td fee the fatal Consequence of this UluTpation, and wish to resist it, yet the Torrent of Violence has been strong enough to compel their Acquiescence, till a sufficient Force shall appear to support them.

The Authors and Promoters of this delj>erate Conspiracy have, in the Conduct of it, derived great Advantage from the Difference of our Intentions and theirs; they meant only to amuse by vague Expressions of Attachment to the Parent State, and the strongest Protestations of Loyalty to Me, whilil they were preparing for a General Revolt: On Our Part, though it was declared in your last Session that a Rebellion existed within the Province of the Majjathufet's Bay, yet even that Province We vfifired rather to reclaim than toiubdue; the RefoUtions of Parliament breathed a Spirit of Mod era-51 tion

Gj^gk

39$

2 6° OBobris*

4.1775.

tion and Forbearance, conciliatory Propdfitions a£com* mott earned: Willies of My Heart, tend wholly to tlte

paniodjthe Measures taken to enforce Authority, and the coercive-Acts were adapted to Cafes of criminal Combinations amongst Subjects not then in Arms: I have acted with the same Temper, anxious to prevent, if it had been possible, the Effuftpn of the Blood df My

Safety and Happiness of all My People, and to the Re-establishment of Order and Tranquillity through the several Parts of My Dominions, in a close Connexion and Constitutional Dependance: You fee the Tendency of the present Qiforders, and I have dated to you the

Subjects, and the Calamities which are inseparable from Meafutes which I mean to pursue for suppressing them:

a State of War; dill hoping that My People in Asherica would have discerned the traiterous. Views of their Leaders, and have been convinced, that to be a Subject of Great Britain, with all its Consequences, is to be the freed Member of any Civil Society in the known World.

The rebellious War now levied, is become more general, and is manifedly carried on for the Purpose of edab-lishing an independent Empire: I need not dwell upon the fatal Effects or the Success of such a Plan; the Object is too important, the Spirit of the British Nation too high, the Retources, with which God hath blessed her, too numerous, to give up so many Colonies, which die has planted with great Industry, nursed with- great Tendernefe, encouraged with, many commercial Advantages, and protested and defended at much Expence of Blood and Treasure.

It is now become the Part of Wifoom, and (in its Effects) of Clemency, to put a speedy End to these Dif-orders by the most decisive Exertions: For this Purpose I have increased My Naval Establishment, and greatly augmented My Land Forces, but in such a Manner as may be the lead burthensome to My Kingdoms.

I have also the Satisfaction to inform you, that I have received the most friendly Offers of Foreign Affidance; and if I shall make any Treaties in consequencp thereof, they shall be laid before you: And I have, in Tedimony of My Affection for My People, who can have no Cause in which I am not equally intereded, sent to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon a Part of My Electoral TrOops, in order that a larger Number of the Edablished Forces of this Kingdom may be applied to the Maintenance of its Authority; and the National Militia, planned and regulated with equal Regard to the Rights, Safety, and Protection, of My Crown and People,' may give a farther Extent and Activity to Our Military Operations.

When the unhappy and deluded ^Multitude, against whom this Force will be directed, shall become sensible of their Error, I shall be ready to receive the Milled with Tendernels and Mercy: And in order to prevent the Inconveniences which may arise from the great Didance of their Situation, and to remove as soon as possible the Calamities which they differ, I shall give Authority to certain Persons upon the Spot to grant general or particular Pardons and Indemnities, in such Manner, and to such Persons, as they shall tjirnk fit, and to receive the Submission of any Province or Colony which shall be disposed to return to its Allegiance: It may be also proper to authorize the Persons so. commissioned to redore such Province or Colony, so returning to its Allegiance, to the free Exercise of its Trade and Commerce, and to the same Protection and Security as ifr such Province or Colony had never revolted.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Edimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you; and I rely on your Affection to Me, and your Resolution to maintain the jud Rights of this Country, for such Supplies as the present Circumdances of Our Affairs require: Among the many unavoidable ill Gonsequences of this Rebellion, none affects Me more sensibly than the extraordinary Burthen which it mud create to My faithful Subjects.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have fully opened to you My Views and Intentions. The condant. Employment of My Thoughts, and..the-18

Whatever remains to be done, that may farther contribute to this End, I commit to youi* Wisdom: And I am happy to add, that, as well from the Affufances I have received, as from the general Appearance of Affairs in Europe, I fee no Probability that the Measures which you may adopt will be interrupted by disputes with any Foreign Power.

Addrtfl on the

A Motion was made, and the: Question being pr<3-» posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Ma- ... -r jedy, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we have long lamented the Condition of our unhappy Fellow Subjects in America; seduced from their Allegiance by the grossed Mif-representations, and the most wicked and insidious Pretences, they have been made the Indruments of the Ambition and traiterous Deligns of those dangerous Men, who have led them Step by Step to the Standard of Rebellion, and who have now assumed the Powers of Sovereign Authority, which they exercise in the most despotic and arbitrary Manner, over the Persons and Properties of this deluded People:

To declare, that His Majesty’s faithful Commons took a sincere Part in His Majesty’s benevolent and paternal Desire, rather to reclaim, than to (ubdue, the most refractory of His Colonies; and that, excited by His Majesty’s great Example, we were anxious to prevent, if it had been possible, the Effusion of the Blood of our Fellow Subjects, and the Calamities which are inseparable from a State of War; we dill hoped that his Majesty’s People in America would have discerned the traiterous Views of their Leaders, would have considered how ruinous even their Success mud be to themselves, and been convinced that Conditional Subjection to Great Britain is the freed and happied Condition of any Civil Society in the known World: But we now fee with Indignation, that no other Use has been made of the Moderation and Forbearance of His Majesty, and His Parliament, but to drengthen the Preparations of this desperate ConspiraGy; and that the rebellious War now levied is become mora general, and manifedly carried on for the Purpose of establishing an independent Empire:

To assure His Majesty, that we entirely concur with His Majesty, in thinking it is now become the Part of Wisdom, and (in its Effects) of Clemency, to put a speedy End to these Disorders, by the most decisive Exertions; and that we learn with the greated Satisfaction, that for this Purpose, His Majesty has increased His Naval Eda-blidiment, and greatly augmented His Land Forces, in such a Manner as may be the lead burthensome to His Kingdoms: And that we will'chearfully and effectually support His Majesty in such necessary Measures; and enable His Majesty, when the Occasion shall require it; to avail Himself of the friendly Offers, which His Majesty has received, of Foreign Affidance: That we thankfully acknowledge the gracious Gonsiderations, which induced ’His Majesty to fend a Part of His Elect-toral Troops to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahony in order that a larger Number of the Edablished Forces of this Kingdom might be applied to the Maintenance of its Authority; and that we arc bound in Duty to return His Majesty our particular Thanks, for pointing out to us, from the Throne, the Condi tutional Resource of our well-modeled and well-regulated National Militia; which upon every great Emergency, cannot fail of affording Security to His Majesty’s Realm, and-of giving, at the same Time, Extent and Activity to His Military Operations: '

i6 Geo. III. 26 OBobris, 309

To allure His Majesty, that we hear with the highed Satisfaction and Gratitude, the affectionate Declaration of the Father of His People, that, when the unhappy and deluded Multitude, agairid whom this Force will be directed, shall become sensible of their Error; His* Majesty will be ready to receive the Milled with Tender-ness and MerCy; and that His Majesty’s Gracious Communication of His Intentiort to give Authority to certain Persons on the Spot, to grant general and particular Pardons and Indemnities, in such Manner, and to such Persons, as they shall think fit, and to receive the Submission of any Province or Colony which may be disposed to return to its Allegiance, demands our warmed Acknowledgments; and that we shall be ready to give our Concurrence to such Measures as may bed contribute to carry His Majesty’s wife and humane Intention into Execution:

To declare, that every Motive, and every Intered, that can animate the Hearts of loyal Subjects, call upon llis faithful Commons to grant His Majesty. such Supplies as the Circumstances and Exigency of Affairs may require: And, being fully convinced that the Security of every Benefit and Advantage derived to the Commerce, the Manufactures, and the Navigation, of His Majesty’s Kingdoms, from the American Colonies, mud ever depend on their being held in that due Subordination to the Legislature of Great , in which the

ConditUtion has placed them, we should be wanting in the Duty which we owe to our Condituents, ourselves, and our Poderity, if we did not engage, with bur Lives and Fortunes, to support this great and important Cause, in which the Rights of His Majesty’s Crown, and the Intcreds of His People are so essentially concerned; and we hope and trud, that we shall, by the Blessing of God, put such Strength and Force into His Majesty’s Hands, as may soon defeat and suppress this Rebellion, and enable His Majesty to accomplish His Gracious Wish, of re-edablifiling Order, Tranquillity, and Happiness, through all the Parts of His United Empire:

An. Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " To allure His Majesty, that" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words: " We behold, with the " ulmod Concern, the Disorders in the British Colonies " rather increased than diminished by the Means which " have been used to suppress and allay them; a Circumdance alone sufficient to give His faithful Commons jud Reason to fear, that those Means were not " originally well considered, or properly adapted to answer the Ends to which they were directed.

" We are satisfied by Experience, that this Misfortune has in a great Measure arisen from the want of " full and proper Information being laid before Parliament, of the true State and Condition of the Colonies, by Reason of which, Measures have been carried into Execution injudicious and inefficacious, from " which no salutary End was reasonably to be expected, and which necessarily tended to tamish the Ludre of " the British Arms, to bring Discredit on the Wisdom

of His Majesty’s Councils, and to nourish without " Hope of End, a most dangerous Civil War.

" Deeply iuipressed with a Sense of this melancholy " State of the public Concerns, wfc shall, on the fulled " Information we can obtain, and with the most mature Deliberation we can employ, review the Whole " of the late Proceedings, that we may be enabled to " discov.er, as we shall be most willing to apply, the " most effectual Means for redoring Order to the diftraded Affairs of the British Empire, Confidence to fl His Majesty’s Government, Obedience, by a temperate and prudent Use of its Powers, to the Authority of Parliament, and Satisfaction and Happiness to " all His People.

" By these Means we trud we may avoid any Occa-

\OL. 35.

te (Ion for having Recourse to the alarming ind danger — t( ous Expedient of calling in Foreign Forces, for the" '

" Support of His. Majesty’s Authority within Hiy *own Dominions, and the dreadful Calamity of died - -

" ding British Blood by British Hands," indead, thereof. ‘ '

The House was moved, that the Entry in the Jour-' nals of the House, of the 22d Day of Jamiary ibR^i . of a Motion for the House to appoint a Day* to take into Consideration the Condition and State of the Nation, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon* might be read:

And the farhe was read accordingly. ’ -:

And the Question being put, That the Words profc. posed to be left out dahd Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y«as,^rf *7«-

Tellers for the Noes.J^; . ] ioS.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an hunible Address be presented to His Majesty, to return* His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His mod-Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To allure His Majesty, that we have long lamented, the Condition of our unhappy Fellow Subjects in rica seduced from their Allegiance by the grolleft representations, and the most wicked and infidio-ua Pretences, they have been made the Instruments of the Ambition and traiterous Designs of those dangerous Men, who have led them Step by Step to the Standard, of Rebellion, and who have now assumed the Powers of Sovereign Authority, which they exercise in the most ' despotic and arbitrary Manner, over the Persons and Properties of this deluded People:

To declare, that His Majesty’s faithful Commons took a sincere Part in His Majesty’s benevolent and paternal Desire, rather to reclaim, than to fubdvie, the most refractory of His Colonies; and that, excited by His Majesty’s great Example, we were anxious to prevent, if it had been possible, the Effusion of the Blood of our Fellow Subjects, and the Calamities \vhich ate inseparable from a State of War; we dill hoped that His Majesty’s People in America would have discerned the traiterous Views of their Leaders, would have con* lidered bow ruinous evert their Success mud be to thfcrrt-selves, and been convinced that Constitutional1 Subjec* tion to Great Britain is the freed and happiest Condition of any Civil Society in the known World: But -we now fee with Indignation, that no other Use has beta made of the Moderation.and Forbearance of His Nda- jedy, and His Parliament, but to drengthen the Preparations of tftis desperate Contpiracy; and that the rebellious War now levied is become more general, and manifedly carried on for the Purpose of establishing an independent Empire:

To allure His Majesty, that we entirely concur with His Majesty, in thinking it is now become the Part of Wisdom, and (in its Effects) of Clemency, to put a speedy End to these Disorders, by the most decisive Exertions; and that we learn with the greareft Satisfaction, that, for this Purpose, His Majesty has increased His Naval Edablishment, and greatly augmented His Land Forces, in such a Manner as may t»e the lead burthensome to His Kingdoms: And that we will chearfully and effectually support His Majesty in such necessary Meafyres; and enable His Majesty, when the Occasion shall require it, to avail Himfeff of friendly Offers, which His Majesty has received, of Foreign Affidance: That we thankfully acknowledge the gracious Considerations, which induced His Majesty to fend-a Part of His Electoral Troops to t Garrisons

aoo 2,6° OStobris. ^.1775.

of Gibraltar and Port Mahon, in order that a large# Number of the Established Forces of this Kingdom might be applied to the Maintenance of its Authority;

that we are bound in Duty to return His Majesty our particular Thanks, for pointing out to us, from the Throne the Constitutional Refburce of our well-modeled and well-regulated National Militia; which, upon every

Seat Emergency, cannot fail of affording Security to is Majesty’s Realm, and of giving, at the same Time, Extent ana Activity to his Military Operations:

To assure His Majesty, that we hear with the highest Satisfaction and Gratitude, the affectionate Declaration of the Father of His People, that when the unhappy and deluded Multitude, against whom this Force will \>e directed, shall become sensible of their Error, His Majesty will be ready to receive the Milled with Ten-

derness and Mercy; and that His Majesty’s Gracious Communication of His Intention to give Authority to certain Persons on the Spot, to grant general and particular Pardons and Indemnities, in such Manner anu to <uch Persons, as they shall think fit, and to receive the Submission 9f any Province or Colony which may be disposed to return to its Allegiance, demands our warmest Acknowledgments; and that we shall be ready to give our Concurrence to fuc-h Measures as may belt contribute to carry His Majesty’s wife and humane Intention into Execution:

To declare, that every Motive, and every Interest, that can animate the Hearts of loyal Subjects, call upon His faithful Commons to grant His Majesty such Supplies as the Circumstances and Exigency of Affairs may require: And, being fully convinced that the Security of every Benefit and Advantage derived to the Commerce, the Manufactures, and- the Navigation, of His Majesty’s Kingdoms, from the American Colonies, must ever depend on their being held in that due Subordination to the Legislature of Great Britain, in which the Constitution has placed them, we should be wanting in the Duty which we owe to our Constituents, our-selves, and our Posterity, if we did not engage, with our Lives and Fortunes, to support this great and important Cause, in which the Rights of His Majesty’s Crown, and the Interests of His People are so eflefttially concerned; and we hope and trust, that we shall, by the Blessing of God, put such Strength and Force into His Majesty’s Hands, as may soon defeat and suppress this Rebellion, and enable His Majesty to accomplish His Gracious Wish, of re-establishing Order, Tranquillity, and Happiness, through all the Parts of His United Empire.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sir

Richard Sutton, Mr. LyMr. Cornwall, Mr. Rice, the Lord Stanley, Mr. Mr. Solipitor General,

Mr. Joliffe, the Lord North, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir Gilbert

Elliot, Mr. Charles Towns Mr. Robinfott, Sir Charles Whitworth, Sir Adam Ferguffon, Mr. Freeman, Lord George Germain, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Nova Scotia. Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had, during the Recess of Parliament, received a Letter by the Poll, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4, 1775, and signed " iVm. Nesbitt, Speaker," desiring that a Paper

’ inclosed therein, intituled, " The Address, Petition, and ' " Memorial, of the Representatives of the Freeholders u of the Province of Nova Scotia, in General Assembly,"

might be laid before the House.

And the said Letter and Paper were read; and are as . followeth; viz.

Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4th, 1775.

Sir,

I am directed by the House of Assembly of this Province, to inclose you this Address, Petition, and, Memorial, today before the House of Commons.

I have the Honour to be. Sir,

Your most obedient, and Most devoted

Humble Servant,

IVn Nesbitt, Speaker*

The Right HonMe Sir Fletcher Norton, Knight, Speaker of the House of Commons of Great Britain.

To the King’s most Excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled.

The Address, Petition, and Memorial, of the Representatives of the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Scotia, in General Assembly.

Your loyal and ever dutiful1' House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, most humbly beg Leave to address our Gracious Sovereign, and both Houses of Parliament, at this dreadful ana alarming Crisis, when Civil Discord, and its melancholy Consequences, are impending over all British America:

Actuated by the warmest Ties of Duty and Affection to the Person and Family of our most Gracious Sovereign; animated with the firmest Attachment to the Mother Country; zealous to support her Power and Consequence over all the Britif Dominions, and dreading a Separation from her Government and Protection as the greatest Political Evil which can befal us or our Posterity. -:

Influenced by the Principles of Humanity, and the just Rights of Mankind in Civil Society, we tremble at the gloomy Prospect before us; we feel for our Gracious King; we feel for our Mother Country, of which many of us are Natives; we feel for the British American Race, once the most loyal, virtuous, and happy, of M.affkind: Animated with such Principles, may. we not approach the -Supreme Legislature of the Empire ?- And,

as dutiful Children of just and indulgent Parents,* may we not most humbly solicit for such Regulations, as we conceive most likely to preserve the Inhabitants of this Province in Duty and Allegiance to our King, in rendering permanent their Connexion with, and Dependance on, the Supreme Legislature of Great Britain, and preferring inviolably to us and our Posterity, the just Rights of Men in Civil Society ?

We are fully sensible, that we have no Right to pray for Redress of Grievances, to request Privileges or Regulations, unless we acknowledge Y’our Right over us: Therefore, we the Representatives of the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Scotia, do Unanimously most humbly acknowledge our Gracious Sovereign, George the Third, King of Great Britain, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons of Britain, in Parliament assessibled, to be the Supreme Legislature of this Province, and of all the British Dominions; and that it is our indispensable Duty to pay a due Proportion of the Expence of this Great Empire.

Having thus, as obedient Subjects, acknowledged our Duty to our King, and our willing Submission to the Supreme Legislature of the British Empire, we humbly request the Right of being heard, in respect to our Grievances or Withes; and as our Proceedings in this Assembly may possibly have tome Influence with other Assemblies in America, we humbly hope if will not seem presuming if we enter on the Subject.

We humbly conceive it will be necessary to the Peace and Happiness of the British Empire, That the Tax to be raised in the Colonies, and which shall: be at the Dilpolal of the British Parliament, and the Proportion

of

t

i 6 Geo. III.

%6° OEto.

4° x

of each Colony towards the Imperial Expence, should be of such a Nature as it may never after be necessary to alter it.

meant Conditional of their just Duty and Allegri ncc 'Nova. Scotia this Day acknowledged v but as the humbly Frierxcis of our King and Mother Country, may - we' not

We are also humbly of Opinion, That this Tax. respectfully point out those Measures which may Voeft

should be of such a Nature as should not depreciate, but should increase in the same Ratio with the Affluence of the Inhabitants of this Province.

We are also humbly of Opinion, That the Tax should be of such a Nature, as not to be liable to be affected by the Increase or Diminution of the Metals of Gold and Silver in the World.

From these Considerations we humbly offer it as our Opinion, That the fitted Tax for this Purpose would be a Duty of so much per Cent, upon all Commodities imported into this Province, not being the Produce of the British Dominions in Europe and America, except

the Article of Bay Salt: This Tax will include almost all the Luxuries made use of, and will increase, in an equal Ratio, with the Affluence of the Inhabitants; and if the Rate of the several Articles are fixed every Ten Years for the future and subsequent Ten Years, it will

tend to preserve the Inhabitants of this Provirice in Loyalty and Allegiance ? And although we are not at this Time in such Circumstances as to raise a ltevc-nue for the Support of the interior Civil Government of this Province, agreeable to the present Plan eida-blished by His Majesty, and which seems abfo\vit.eIy necessary for the Dignity of Government, in a Country whose particular Situation and Advantages are such as may probably induce Government to order it to be the Head Quarters of the British Land and Sea.

Forces in America; but although, we may be unable. wholly to support so large yet necessary Civil List, yet we are willing to fot apart a Fund for that "Pixr-pole, which will necessarily increase with the Opuleiice and Number of the Inhabitants, and will in Time relieve our Parent State from the heavy Burthen of out Support: our Poverty as a Province will not prevent, a not be liable to depreciate in Value by the Increase of British King and Parliament from hearing and justly the Metals of Gold and Silver. relieving us, when, as humble and dutiful Subjects,

We therefore humbly pray, that the Supreme Le- and being well' acquainted with this Country and its In-giflaturc of the British Empire will please to accept of habitants, we only beg Leave to inform our Gracious a Tax as above pointed out; and so conscious arc we King and Parliament with the Measures which we con-of Your Justice and Humanity, that we request to ceive would best. tend to the Peace and Happiness of > know, what Proportion would be pleasing or agreeable this Country.

to You, reminding You to consider, that this Province, We therefore most humbly presume to offer as our having no Manufadlories or Lucrative Commerce, mult Opinion, That no Native of this Province may ever ever have a Scarcity of Specie. be appointed a Governor or Lieutenant Governor in

We also humbly pray, that when the Exigencies of this Province. The Ambition of affluent Individuals the State may require any further Supplies from this in the Provinces to acquire Governments, have led to Province, that then such llequisitions may be made in Fadtion and Parties fubv.erfive of the Peace and Hap-the usual Manner formerly practised, whereby we may piness of the People, the Good of the Province, and have an Opportunity of shewing our Duty and Attach- the Honour of Government. Probably the present ment to our Sovereign, and ourSenfe of the Cause For Disputes in America may have, been promoted by this which the Requisition is made; by which Means and Caule. ‘ v

that only, our Gracious Sovereign can be acquainted We are humbly of Opinion, That the Members of with the true Sense of the People in these His distant the Legislative Council should be appointed for Life,- -Dominions. and that no Person should be appointed a Member of

We also humbly pray, that You will permit us, the Council unless he be possessed of Landed Property, and instruct Your Governor to assent to an Act, to dil- in the Province, to the Value of One thousand Pounds qualify and deprive every Member of the Community, at least; and we most humbly pray, thjat no Collector from the Rights and Privileges of a Sqbjedt in Civil, or Under Officer of the Customs, or any Officer who Prosecutions, who shall be detected in any illicit Trade is diredriy or indirectly concerned in the Collection or fraudulent Dealing, together with their Aiders, the Provincial-Revenue, may ever be admitted to a Seat Abettors, or Concealers, in this or any other Branch of at the Council Board.

the Revenue. We humbly pray, most servently. That tire Officers

This will render unnecessary a Multitude of Officers of the Customs, and every Officer concerned in col-employed to detect illicit Trade, and prevent that Dif- ledting the Provincial Revenue, may be prohibited from

f uft and evil Spirit which has been created by their serving as Representatives in General Assembly.

nfolence, and will prevent that Corruption of Manners, We humbly, pray. That the Elections for the Re-and that Contempt of the Crime of Perjury, which is presentatives of the People may be Triennial-, may now become so open and flagrant: Wre humbly request, be by Ballot; and that the Day of Election TrienrivalVy that You will appoint good and sufficient Salaries to the may be fixed *by Law; and that every OfficeT of Go-Officers of the Customs, and absolutely forbid them to vemment be particularly prohibited from interfering Via take any Fee in any same whatsoever, as we have found Elections under severe and heavy Penalties, that the Detail of Revenue Duty in all its Depart- We humbly pray. That the Judges of the Suptottv

ments, have been clogged with unnecessary Forms and Court of this 'Province may have their Comixiiffuoo* trifling Regulations, to increase the Fees and Perqrn- during good Behaviour, in the same Manner as ir* sites of the Officers; and are also humbly of Opinion, England.

that if those Officers were under the Controul of the We humbly pray. That after the Decease of the

Governor, the Council, and Judges of the Supreme present Judges, that all future Judges may V>e ap*

Court of this Province, it would be more for the Ad- pointed in , and may not be Natives of th\S

vantage of His Majesty’s Service, and the Good of the Province. We can trace the present unhappy H>\for*?

Revenue: We also humbly request, that if the Mode ders in to the Want of a Regulation, of this

of-Taxation be pleasing to You, that You will permit Kind.

and order the Legislative Council, and the Judges of We humbly request your Majesty will gracioufty the Supreme Court for the Time being, to determine permit the Legislature of this Province to ascertain. the and affix the Rate of the Taxed Articles every Ten Number and Boundaries of the several Counties in this Years, for every subsequent Ten Years. Province.

Your ever dutiful, loyal, and affectionate House of Most Gracious King, Grant, and permit us* a Assembly would not, in these unhappy Times, presume Sheriff in each and every County, and deliver us to mention their own Grievances, or -request any par- from a Provost Marftial preftding over this whole Pro-ticular Privileges* left You should fujSpose they were Vince, whose Inftuence, owing to ths Nature of his ' Vol. 35. 5 K OfRct,

£$ D'gtoedbvQ,1

402

26* — 27*

A. 1775,

N«ra Scotia. Office, and the Number of His Deputies must be excessive; and whose Power in Ek&ions is absolute. If we are not relieved in this Particular, we can have no Pretensions even to the Name of Freemen.

We humbly pray, That Your Majesty will graciously permit, and order, that a Recorder of Deeds and Conveyances be appointed in each and every County, and not a Deputy to a Principal residing elsewhere.

Our Gracious King cannot be insensible of the great Necessity there is, that the 'most respectable Persons in the Community be appointed to the Commissions of the Peace; Legal Authority, unless aided by the good Opinion of the People, can have but little: Probably the Reason why the most relpe&able Persons

decline the Office, is, because they are liable to be dismissed unheard. The Want of Power in the Magistrates to execute, or enforce the Laws, has been a general Complaint in America.

We humbly pray, That the Governor, Council, and Judges, of the Supreme Court, may constitute a Court of Vice Admiralty throughout the Province, to determine all Causes cognizable in such Courts, agreeable to Law and Equity, and to receive no Fees therefor.

We humbly pray, That any Two or more of the Judges of the Supreme Court, and a Jury ballotted for and struck by the Parties, shall constitute a Court of Equity, in all Civil Cafes throughout this Province, subject only to Appeals to His Majesty in Council, where the Property contested may amount to Five hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards.

We humbly pray to be delivered from the Oppression of Practitioners in the Law, and pray, That in all Civil Actions, their Fees, Charges, and Perquisites may be limited to Five per Cent, on all Sums declared for, or defended. It is not the Desire of our Good King to have His quiet and inoffensive Subjects in this Quarter of the Globe, given up to be persecuted by a few rapacious Men.

Most Benign King, Your Majesty was graciously pleased to grant Tracts of Land in this Province upon various Conditions of Settlement, and Payment of Quit Rents; many of the Conditions of Settlement were impracticable, and others so expensive, that the Grantees were not able folly to effect: them: We humbly pray to be exonerated from those feve.re Conditions, and that You will graciously limit the Power of the Court of Escheats to Defaults in the Payment of the Quit Rent only.

This House is forty to observe. That most cruel Use has- been made or this Power of efeheating Land, even to the depriving of Two Old Officers of the Gratuity given them by Your Majesty, for near Forty Years of Military Service, and that to gratify Two Domestics of that Governor who ordered the Escheat-ment; and at this Time a Tract of Land is advertised to be escheated, on which the Proprietors have laid -out near Four thousand Pounds.

Finally, we most humbly request, That the Aflem-bfy of this Province may be called together annually, and that no Governor may be allowed to diflfolve or prorogue them when he shall be informed that they are preparing a Petition to our Gracious King, and Parliament, of Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign, We have unhappily experienced, that the Redress of our Grievances, and those requested Regulations, could not come from us in the Constitutional Mode of Laws, which must have passed a Council, fbme of them without Property in the 'Province, or Interest in our Welfare.

May the God of all Goodnefc ftiower down on our Gracious Sovereign, and His beloved Family, every Temporal Blessing!

May the Spirit of Concord, Justice, and Public ' Virtue, direct the Councils of the British Senate; and may the Father of Mercies preserve Constitutional 20

Freedom to the British Race in every Part of the Globe!

Halifax, Wm Speaker.

June 24th, 1775.

Ordered, That the said Letter and Paper be taken into Consideration upon Monday Sevennight, the 6th Day of November next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hafiingi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ

the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hajlings, in the County of Su/Jex, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and of Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Four of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock. '

Veneris, 27* die OEiobris\

Anno 16* Georgii III"* Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

(ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Re- Grand ligion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the Committees^ House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade da fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee pointed. of

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Privileges. Montagu, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Johnstone, Mr.

Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Ambler, Mr. PlumeMr. Townshend,

Mr. Ord, Mr. Whitworth, the Lord Folkestone, Mr.

Adair, Mr. Powys, Sir James Pennymau, Mr,

Elwes, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Amcotts, 4he Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir George Savile, Mr. Molyneux,

Mr. Turner, Mr.' Martin, Mr. Fielde, Mr. Luther, Mr.

Bull, Sir William Mayne, Mr. Attorney General,

Colonel Barre, Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord North, Mr.

Solicitor. General, Mr. Byng, Mr. Morton, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Cornwall, Sir Edward AJlley, Mr. Hartley, Mr.

Robinson, Lord John Cavendish, Sir George Osborn, Mr.

Burke, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Lazvrence Dundas, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Lord George Germain, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Howard, Mr. Eden, Mr. Conway,

Mr. Grenville, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. He Grey,

Sir Sampson Gideon: And they are to meet upon

Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon j and all who come are to have Voices j and they are to take-into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to'

-the

16 Geo. III. 2j° Oftobris. 403

the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee we to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Usual Orders. Ordered, That all Persons who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place 5 and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House flpall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the \itmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving 1 Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great tain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed by the House, deliver to the 'Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the feme against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the feme Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be 'informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while

VOL. 35.

the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is xir i rv fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, U r be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker*s Clxa.m-ber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be loolced up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the feme to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery, thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Hal/*

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the feme put in

Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do, for the fvxbjre, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Stodays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for *

Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of House, and also from Five of the Clock in the AfttO100^ till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery ® the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay tb deliver the feme to the several Members to who®

they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands dt the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid,

°rdereJ,

404 a 7® OBobris. 1775-

Usual Orders. Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Poll greatly augmented Your Land Forces, in such a Man-Mailer General. ner as may be the lead burthensome to Your King-

doms; and we will chearfully and effectually support Ordered, That when* any Letter, or Packet, directed Your Majesty in such necessary Measures, and enable to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open Your Majesty, when the Occasion shall require it, to the lame; and acquaint the House, at their next Sit- avail Yourself of the friendly Offers, which Your ting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be com- Majesty has received, of Foreign Assistance: We municated to this House. . thankfully acknowledge the gracious Considerations

which induced Your Majesty to fend a Part of Your Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Electoral Troops to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and House do, 6:0m Time to Time, whpn the House is Port Mahon, in order that a larger Number of the going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Commit- established Forces of this Kingdom might be applied tees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a to the Maintenance of its Authority: And we are Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null bound in Duty to return Your Majesty our particular and void. ... Thanks, for pointing out to us, from the Throne, the

Constitutional Resource of our well-modeled and well-Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, regulated National Militia; which, upon every great being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do Emergency, cannot sass of affording Security to Your appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person but Majesty’s Realm, and of giving, at the same Time,

such as he shall appoint da presume to print the Extent and Activity to Your Military. Operations,

feme. . It is with the highest Satisfaction and Gratitude, we

hear the affectionate Declaration of the Father of His Addrds Mr. Aeland reported from the Committee appointed People, that, when the unhappy and deluded Multion Yesterday, to draw up an Address to be presented to His tude, against whom this Force will be directed, shall

KmgtSpeech. ^jajcPy5 That the Committee had drawn up an Address become sensible of their Error, Your Majesty will be

accordingly; which they had directed him* tp report to ready to receive the Miffed with Tenderness and Mercy; the House; and he read the same in his Place; and and Your Majesty’s Gracious Communication, of Your afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Intention to give Authority to certain Persons on the the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz. Spot, to grant general and particular Pardons and In

demnities, in such Manner, and to such Persons, as they Most Gracious Sovereign, shall think fit, and to receive the Submission of any

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Province or Colony which may be disposed to return to the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, Allegiance, demands our warmest Acknowlcdg.-

beg Leave to return Your Majesty the humble Thanks ments; and we shall be ready to give our Concurrence

of this House, for Your most Gracious Speech from to such Measures as. may belt contribute to carry' Your

the Throne. Majesty’s wife and humane Intentions into Execution.

Permit us, Sir, to allure Your Majesty, that we Every Motive, and every Interest, that can animate have long lamented the Condition of our unhappy the Hearts of loyal Subjects, call upon Your faithful Fellow Subjects in America; seduced from their Allegi- Commons to grant to Your Majesty such Supplies as ance by the grossest Misrepresentations, and the most the Circumstances and Exigency of Affairs may require; wicked and insidious Pretences, they have been made and, being fully convinced that the Security of every the Instruments of the Ambition and traiterous De- Benefit and Advantage derived to the Commerce, the ligns of those dangerous Men, who have led them Manufactures, and the Navigation, of Your Majesty’s Step by Step to the Standard of Rebellion, and who Kingdoms, from the American Colonies, mult ever der have now afiumed the Powers of Sovereign Authority, pend on their being held in that due Subordination to which they exercise in the most despotic and arbitrary the Legislature of Great Britain in which the Constitu-Manner, over the Persons and Properties of this deluded tion has placed them, we should be wanting in the Duty People. ' which we owe to our Constituents, ourselves, and our

Your faithful Commons took a sincere Part in Your Posterity, if we did not engage, with our Lives and Majesty’s benevolent and paternal Desire, rather , to Fortunes, to support this great and important Cause, reclaim, than to subdue, the most refractory of Your in which the Rights of Your Majesty’s Crown, and the Colonies; and, excited by Your Majesty’s - great Interests of Your People are so essentially concerned; Example, we were anxious to prevent, if it had been and we hope, and trust, that we shall, by the Blessing possible, the Effusion of the Blood of our Fellow Sub- of God, put such Strength and Force into Your Ma-jects, and the Calamities which are inseparable from a jesty’s Hands, a% may soon defeat and suppress this Re-State of Wa-; we still hoped that Your Majesty’s Peo- bellion, and enable Your Majesty to accomplish Your pie in America would have discerned the traiterous Gracious Wilh, of re-establishing Order, Tranquillity, Views of their Leaders, would have considered how and Happiness, through all the Parts of Your United ruinous even their Success must be to themselves, and Empire.

been convinced that Constitutional Subjection to Great The feid Address being read a Second Time.

Britain is the freest and happiest Condition of any The House was moved, that an Act, made in the ill

Civil Society in the known World: But we now fee Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, with Indignation, that no other Use has been made intituled, "An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the.Moderation and Forbearance of Your Majesty " of the Subject, and Settling the Succession of the and Your Parliament, but to strengthen the Prepara- " Crown," might be read, tions of this desperate Conspiracy; and that the re- And the same was read accordingly,

bellious War now levied is become more general, and The House was also moved, that an Act, made in

manifestly carried on for the Purpose of establishing an the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for independent Empire. " punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

We beg Leave to affyre Your Majesty of our entire " Payment of the Army and their Quarters," might be Concurrence with Your Majesty, in thinking that it is read.

now become the Part of Wisdom, and (in its Effects) And the same was read accordingly, of Clemency, to put a speedy End to these Disorders, The-House was also moved, that the Entry in the by the most decisive Exertions; and that we learn with Journals of the House, of the 7th Day of February the greatest Satisfaction, that, for this Purpose, Your 1688, of the Report which was made from the Com Majesty has increased Your Naval Establishment, and mittee, to whom it was referred to distinguish the

general

Hz.

Kang's Speech to be conGdered.

Militia.

American

Colonies.

16 Geo. III. 27° — 280 — - 30° OBobris. 4.05

general Heads of such Tilings as are absolutely necessary graclc>plly pleased, in Answer to a late humble and <lu-to be considered, for the better securing of our Religion, tiful Address and Petition to the Throne, praying a

Laws, and Liberties, as are introductory of new Laws 'Cessation of Hostilities with America, for the Purpose of

from those that are declaratory of ancient Rights, and obtaining Time, and thereby giving an Opportunity to draw the same into Form, and consider of a Title to for a happy ahdlafting Reconciliation with His Majesty’s put to the fame, might be read. American Colonies, to declare that He shall abide by the

And the same being read accordingly; Sense of His Parliament, the Cud Court conceive it to

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, be their indispensable Duty, thus early, in the Scfljon, in That the said Address be recommitted; the most refoedful Manner, to apply to the House, to

It patfed in the Negative. adopt such Measures, for the Healing of the present

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said unhappy Disputes between the Mother Country and Address, by inserting after the Words " Maintenance the Colonies, as may be speedy, permanent, and " of its Authority " these Words "And we will im- honourable.

" mediately take into our Consideration the Measure of Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the introducing Foreign Troops into any Part of the Table.

" Dominions of Great Britain, without the previous Approbation of Parliament." And then the House adjourned till this Morning',

And the Question being put. That those Words be Eleven of the'Clock,

there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. ‘ ’1

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the N’oer, j^ |*7&-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Addrets was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of H is Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council, da humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, "when He will be attended by this House.

And the House having continued to lit till near One of the Clock cn Saturday Morning;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration this Day.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in " being, relating to the Railing and Training the " Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called " England" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain: And that the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sabbati, 28° dit OBobris;

Anno 16* Georgii III'*’1 Regis, 1775.

Pr AYERS.

MR. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Address

House, That His Majesty, having been waited K.Lne’s'speeoU. upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to* know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, His ac speech Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted Supply,

to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, he was called: and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the said Court, having taken into its moll serious Consideration, the present distressed Situation of our Fellow Subjects in America, are exceedingly alarmed for the_ Consequences of those coercive Measures which are' pursuing against them, Measures that mull (notwithstanding the great Uncertainty of their Success) eventually be productive of new and more burthensome Taxes, the Increase of an enormous National Debt, and finally, we fear, the Loss of the moll valuable Branch of our Commerce, on which the Exillence of an infinite Number of industrious Manufacturers and Mechanics entirely depends; and that. His Majesty having been Vol. 35.

Lunce, yo* die OBobris;

Anno i6# Georgii IIItU Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the *

House attended His Majesty on Saturday last* Addret*. with their Address; to which His Majesty was ^plealed to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address; I promise myself the moll happy Con — sequences from the very zealous and affectionate A durances of the Support of My faithful Commons at this great and important Conjuncture; and I have a firm Confidence, that, by the Blessing of God on the Justice of the Cause, and by the Assistance of My Parliament,

5L ItoaU

Private

Petitions.

Maidstone

Debtors.

Newcastle-

ypon-Tyne,

&c.

Road.

Balemann’s

Nat.

Militia.

406 30° — 31° OBobris. ' 775.

I shalt be enabled to suppress this dangerous Rebellion, and to attain the most deferable End of Restoring My Subjects in America to that free and happy Condition, and' to that Peace and Prosperity, which they enjoyed, in their Constitutional Dependance on Great Britain, before the present unhappy Disorders.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills, after the izth Day of February next.

A Petition of the Debtors in Maidstone Gaol, for the "County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 22nd Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the -Second, intituled, -An Act for Repairing the -Road <c from The West Cow gate, near the Town of Newcastle u upon Tyney through the West End of Kenton, Pont " Elands Higham Dikli, Newham Edge, Be/fay Mill,

and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River w Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberlandwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have completed the said Road; but, in order to enable them so to do, they were under the Necessity to borrow, at Interest, the Sum of £. 2,800 upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by; the said Act; and that they have fmee paid oft the Sum of £. 200 Part thereof; and that the Sum of £.2,600 with a confide rable Arrear of Interest, now remains due; and the Term of the said Act is now expired; and that the said Act was, by an Act passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his- said-late Majesty; for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, cpntinued for the further Term of Five Years, which Term will expire in May j 776; and that the said Road is greatly frequented, and the keeping of the same in good Repair will be of great public Utility; but, by reason of the many Carriages paGing and re-passing thereon, the same cannot be kept in good Repair by the Laws in being; nor can the said Sum of £. 2,600 be paid off, nor the Interest thereof discharged, unless some further Provisions be made for raising Money for that Purpose, and for keeping the said Road in good Repair* And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the further continuing the said Term, and enlarging the Powers granted and continued by the said recitfed A&sof the 22nd and 2.8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Middleton, Mr. Milles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Peter Henry Balemann, was presented to the House, and read; Praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Hill and Mr. Baldwin do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cafesof Rebellion, in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the.Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time* upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coilfider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee. ' »

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-’ mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported* from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the lloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Mornins:, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 310 die OBobris;

Anno 160 Georgii IIIt5i Regis, 1775. Prayers.

PETITION of George Byng, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Boreham, other wile Parke, in the Pari Hi of Elfiree, otherwise Idleftree, in the County of Hertford, and of the Reverend Samuel Clarke, lledtor of the said Parish, and of William Allfop, Thomas Strangzvayes, the Reverend Peter Nezvcome, John Budge, Esquire, John Osborn, Esquire, and others, whole Names axe thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands, Tenements, ami Hereditaments, within the said Parish, in Behalf of themselves and others, being Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the said Manor, a large Open Common, or Waste Ground, called or known by the Name of Boreham Wood Common, containing, by Estimation, 684 Acres, or thereabouts, which," in its present State and Condition, is of little Service to the Persons interested therein; and that if the fame, or such Parts thereof as the House shall think proper, wras inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments to the several Persons interested therein, a considerable Benefit will arise therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations, Provisions, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet. , .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Halsey and Mr. Plumer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to, make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Molesworth, Baronet, deceased.

Mr. Thomas Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Jieury Balemann:

- And

Tl

Supply.

Bokhara Wood. v See.

In cloture.

Cornell

Writ.

Baknifina’s

Nat.

16 Geo. III.

310 OBo

407

And the feme was received; and read the Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

First Montagu, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Supply.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That whenever several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, shall be renewed in this Session of Parliament, and shall be delivered in together at the Table, the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which they were directed to be taken into Consideration in the last Session.

And several Petitions being accordingly delivered in at the Table, the feme were read by the Clerk, in the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, following Order; viz.

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty. A Petition of the Honourable John ', was

The said Resolution being read a Second Time; read; Setting forth. That, at the last Election of Mein-

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That this House doth bers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That fiSir Abraham Hume, Baronet, High Sheriff for

..... the County of Hertford, William Esquire, and

m.

a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir Abraham Httme and William Jolliffe, by themselves and their Agents, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and the issuing of the Writ for the Election, Usual Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the and previous to and during the Poll, by themselves.and MiTea*C' NavT> for the Year 1776, with an Estimate of Half their Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the 01 CTe Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers Behalf and at the Charge of the said Sir Abraham

of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be Hume and William Jolliffe, did give, present, and allaid before this House. low, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Persons who had or claimed a Right to vote in the

may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buikiings, and Election for the said IJorough, Money, Meat, Drink,

Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and Reward, Entertainment, and Provifkn, in order to other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and in open Defiance of the Law; and that the said Sir Ordinary, for the Year 1776, be laid before this Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, previous to and House. during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corrup-

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, tion, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1776, had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to be laid before this House. procure themselves to be returned as Persons duly

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office elected; and that James Showell, pretending to be the

of Ordnance, for Land'Service, for the Year 1776, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1776, be hid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1776, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ended at the 5th Day of April 1775, and the roth Day of October 1775, as well of or for the Excess

Ele&lons

Petenfidd

Election.

Mayor of the said Borough, acted partially and unfairly in the Execution of his Office, as a Returning Officer, during the said Poll, in rejecting' good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting bad ones for the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, and in many other Respects; and that by the said and other undue Means, the said Sir Abraham Httme and William Jol-lisse obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner (who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned) and the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in open. Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall upon Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate sideration upon Tujfday the 14th Day of November ne%t, Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimates; Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Standing

Order*.

Ordered, That a Committee be ‘appointed, to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relating to Private Bills, which were made in the last Session of the last Parliament; and that they do report the feme,’ with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.-

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

The following Notices and Orders were sent to the Honourable John Luttrell, and also to Sit Abraham Hume, Baronet, and William Jolliffe*. Esquire, in pursuance of Two Acts, passed in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The Honourable John Luttrell having, upon the 31st Day of this Instant October, presented his Petition, complaining. That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet, High Sheriff for the County of Hertford, William Jolliffe, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir

Hunlc

408 310 0Bohns, A, 1775.

Hume and William Jolliffe, by themselves and their Agents, after the Difiblution of the last Parliament, and the bluing of the Writ for the Election, and previous to and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf and at the Charge of the said Sir Abraham Hume and Wil-„ liam Joliffe, did give, present, and allow to

the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had or claimed a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, in open Defiance of the Law; and that the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, previous to, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as Persons duly elected; and that James Shozvel, pretending to be the Mayor of the said Borough, acted partially and unfairly in the Execution of his Office, as a returning Officer, during the said Poll, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting bad ones for the said Sir Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, and in many other respects; and that by the said and other undue Means, the said Sir . Abraham Hume and William Jolliffe, obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner (who was duly cledted, and ought to have been returned) and the legal Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections; and the House having appointed the Fourteenth Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to take the said Petition into Consideration, you are therefore to take Notice, that the House will, at that Time, take the same Petition into Consideration.

Given under my Hand, the Second Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Flr Norton, Speaker.

To the Honourable John LuttrelL

Mart is, 31° die Oftobris, 1775.

Ordered, That the Honourable John Luttrell s do, by himself, his Counsel, or Agent, attend this House, upon Tuesday the Fourteenth Day of November next, at Three of the Clock . in the Afternoon.

J. Hat Jell,

CL Dom. Com.

The like Notice and Order to Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet, and William Jolliffe, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Cardigan A Petition of Thomas Johnes, the younger, Esquire, Election. was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, the Petitioner and Sir Robert Smyth were Candidates; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll; and that Thomas Colby, Esquire, the Returning Officer at the said Election, permitted a great Number of Persons to poll for the said Sir Robert Smyth, who had no legal Right to vote; and rejected the Votes of divers other Persons, duly quali-H

fied, who offered t6 poll for the Petitioner; and was guilty of many other notorious Acts of Partiality and Injustice, and returned the said Sir Robert Smyth as duly elected to serve for the said Borough in Parliament, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and of those who had a legal Right to vote: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as shall seem just.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday the 26th ct Day of January,", and inferring the Words " Tuesday u the 28th Day of November " instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out, (land Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

the Yea, °"M’ } *S.

Tellen for Ihe Noe,|^; . } si-

So it piaffed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That |the Words u Tuesday the 28 th Day of November" be infer ted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 28th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition, of the several Pericns whose Names are Dit thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberystwith, and Lampeter, on Behalf of themselves and other legal Burgesses of the said Boroughs, was read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election for a Burgess to represent the said Borough of Cardigan in Parliament, Thomas Johnes, the younger, Esquire, and Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, were Candidates; and that Mr. Johnes had a Majority of legal Votes upon the Poll, at the said Election; and that Thomas Colby, Esquire, the Returning Officer at the said Election, permitted a great Number of Persons to poll for Sir Robert Smyth, who had no legal Right to vote; and refused the Votes of many Persons, duly qualified, who offered to poll for the said Thomas Johnes; and was guilty of many other notorious Acts of Partiality and Injustice; and returned the said Sir Robert Smyth as duly defied, in Prejudice of the Rights of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be takeji into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Eieflions or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Stephen Sayre and John Chetwood, Esquires, was read; Setting forth. That, on the Eighth Day of October 1774, the Election of Two Barons to

serve

16 Geo. III.

31® OBobris

serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, came on; and that the Right honourable William Hall Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, George Esquire, and the

Petitioners, were Candidates j and that 'Thomas Esquire, Bailiff of the said Town and Portland Returning Officer for the fame, presided at the said Election, and throughout the whole Course of the said Election shewed great Partiality in favour of the Sitting Members; and that many Persons, duly qualified to vote, tendered their Suffrages at the said Election far the Petitioners; but the said Bailiff, as Returning Officer, arbitrarily rejected the fame, and abl'olutely refuted to allow their Suffrages so tendered to be legal Votes, or admit the same upon the Poll at the said Election; and that such Persons so in the Interest of the Petitioners being thus rejected, on casting . up of the Poll there appeared a Majority in Favour of the Sitting Members; whereas the Number of Votes for the Petitioners would by a very great Majority have Exceeded the Numbers for the Sitting Members, had not such Votes been arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, rejected as aforesaid: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 17 th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

. InpuHuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were Tent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Peterborough A Petition of James , of the City of u

Election. borough, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, the Petitioner, Richard Benyon, and were Candidates; and that the said Matthew Wyldbore, by himself and his Agents, was guilty of Bribery and other corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in 'Order to procure himself to be returned at the said Election; and that at the said Election a Majority of legal Votes tendered themselves for the Petitioner; and that William Smith, the Bailiff who presided as the Returning Oilicer at the said Election, behaved himself with Partiality in Favour of the said Matthew Wyldbore, by rejecting the Votes' of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting on the Poll for the said Matthew Wyldbore the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, ancT ought to have been rejected; and that thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Matthew Wyldbore, and he was returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Eledors of the said City: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-‘sideration upon Tuesdaythe 21st Day of next,

at Three ci the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the roth and ntli Years of Ills present Majesty’s Reign, to Vol. 35.

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William jpones, Ivelcheter Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That, on the 8th Day of October 1774, the Election of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of lvelchester, in the County of Somerset, came on; and that Peregrine Cujl, William limes, Esquires, and The Petitioners, were Candidates; and that Mr. *'

Lockyer, Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, a known Friend of the Sitting Members, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Members, and admitted, many Persons to poll for the said Peregrine Cujl and William limes, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejected several others, who had good Right to vote, and who offered to poll for the Petitioners; and that the said Peregrine Cust and William

bines, by themselves, their Friends and Agents, were guilty of Bribery, Treating, and other undue and illegal Means, to procure their Election, by which Means the said Peregrine Cujl and William Innes were returned as having a Majority, although the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give :them such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Inpurfuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, t» regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,' the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Partips; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, ora the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Frojl Widmore, Esquire, was Stockbridge

Setting forth. That, at the last Election of Merr»)p?rs Elc^,on* to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbi'tdg^, in the County of Southampton, the Right honour*1 Lord Irnham, the Honourable John Luttrell, and *yc Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Luttrell was not duly qualified, and therefore not el>§5'* ble; and that the Sitting Members, by themselve* and their Agents, previous to and during the P°‘*’ were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempt" ing to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to v<?tc at the said Election, in order to procure themselves be returned as the Persons duly elected; and that 11

Returning Officer proceeded to take the Poll withoid giving the -previous requisite Notice, and admit red many who had no Votes to vote for the said Sitting Members; and that, by these and other undue and unconstitutional Means, the said Sitting Members obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, ami were returned to Ierve in Parliament for the said Dorongh, ja

5 MPrejudice

4io 31* OBob 775

Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Law of Elections: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Confident ion, and to grant him such Relief as shall upon Investigation appear to l?e right and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Contention upon Friday the ift Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controvered Elections, of Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were font to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for

their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Peti- ' tion was ordered to be taken into Consideration. j Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, dr

Warrants,-for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties,- on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Worcester A Petition of Sir Watk Lewes, Knight, was read i Election. Setting forth, That, at the’ late Election of Members to represent the City of Worcester in Parliament, John Waljh and Thomas Bates Esquires, and the Petitioner, we#e- Candidates; and that, previous to and . during the late Election, the said Mr. IValJh and Mr.

Rous did, by themselves and their Agents, bribe and ' corrupt, and attempt to bribe and corrupt, those who had a Right to vote at the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be elected to serve in Parliament . for the said City; and that, previous to and at the said Election, William Mathers, Esquire, Mayor of the said City, and several of the Aldermen and Justices of the said City, with many of the Common Council, acted as Agents for the said John Watjh and Thomas Bates Rous, and threatened, and publicly canvassed and foliated great Numbers of the Freemen of the said City to vote for Mr. IValJh and Mr. Rous, and promised that they should be set down as Constables, and have a certain Reward for their Votes; and also did bribe, and attempt to bribe, with Money, and otherwise corrupt, a great many Freemen of the said City, to induce them to vote for the said John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, or one of them, at the said Election; and were guilty of divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure a Majority for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous-, and that, by Means thereof, and other undue Iniluence, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, as Agents for the said Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, procured many Freemen to vote in their Interest for the said Mr. Wdljh and Mr. Rons, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that the said Mayor, several of the Aldermen and Justices of the said City, and their Town Clerk, for several Days before and during the Election, met together, nominated, appointed, and Twore in, many Freemen, and, as the Petitioner believes, to the Number of 300 and upwards, to be Constables, under a Promise from such Persons that they would vote for Mr. Waljh and Mr. Rous, for which they should have certain Rewards in Money, which was afterwards paid to them out of the Money and Funds of the Corporation of the said City, or by the said Mr. Waljli and Mr. Rous, by which Means the said Mayor and Aldermen did corruptly obtain a Majority of Votes for Mr. Rous and Mr.

Waljh upon the Poll; and-that a Peer of this Realm and a Lord of Parliament did, by himself and his Agents, interfere in the said Election, by publicly canvassing and soliciting Votes on Behalf of the said John IValJh, and using Threats to intimidate the Frec-.roert from giving their Votes to the Petitioner, in Vio-. lation of the Privileges of the House, the Freedom of Election, and a high Infringement of the Rights of the Commons :of Great B; and that John William's, 18 .

Gentleman, Sheriff and Return!hg Officer of the said City, acted partially and unfairly, before and during the Election, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting Persons not qualified to vote for the said.

John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, and in many other* respects was guilty of Partiality in the Execution of his Office; and that, by these arid other illegal Means, the said John Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous procured a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and Were returned to serve in Parliament for the said City, in Prejudice1 of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes,' and ought to hate been returned: And therefore praying the House, to take the PremHes into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall Upon Examination appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of December next, at Three of the.Clock in the Afternoon. - \

- Memorandum Iripurfuande of Two Acts, madein the 16th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, td \regulate the Trials of controverted Elections Ot Returns of Members to serve ih Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former* Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves1, their Coun-fel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition- Was ordered to be -taken into Con^ federation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers,’ and Records, as shall be thought’necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, was read; Set- Morpeth ting forth. That, at the last general Election of Mem- Election. bers to serve in ‘Parliament for the Borough of Mor-peth, in the County of Northumberland, Peter Esquire, the Honourable William Byron, Thomas Charles Bigge, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates, and Andrew Fenwick and Robert Cooper were Bailiffs and Returning Officers; and that the Election came on upon the 13th Day of October 1774; when a great Majority of Persons, having a legal Right to vote for Members of Parliament for the said Borough, duly gave their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and the Petitioner and the said Peter Delmi were returned duly elected; and reciting a Petition of the Honourable William Byron, presented to the House upon the 6th Day of December last, and also a Petition of the several Aldermen and Free Burgesses of the Borough of Morpeth, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, presented to the House upon the 19th Day of December last; and taking Notice, that the Seled. Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the said Return, determined, That the Petitioner was not duly returned, and that the said William Byron ought to have been returned; and that the Merits of the said Election were not, nor could be, entered into before the said Committee, the Reference being confined to the Return only, whether it was under Fear, or according to the Declaration and Opinion of the Bailiffs, but the Merits -still remain to be decided; and that the said Andrew Fenwick solicited Votes for the said Peter Dehue and William Byron-, and the said Andrew and

Robert Cooper did, by their Conduct, manifested by frequent Declarations and otherwise, shew great Partiality to, and a determined Resolution to retqrn, the said Peter Delmeand William Byro as duly elected in all

Events;' and that the said Andrew Fenwick and Robert Cooper refuted to allow several Votes, which were offered and given in Favour of the Petitioner, which, were good and legal Votes, and ought to have been admitted; and they admitted several Votes in Favour of the said Peter Delmi and William Byron which were not good Votes,' and Ought to have been rejected; and that the said Andrew Femvick acted as" Agent for the

Dei^y

Elc&ion.

Ditto.

tfe

16 Geo. III

3 i 0 OSlobris.

said Peter Delmi and William Byrim, and did actually bribe and corrupt several Persons to vote for the said Peter Delmi and William Byron, and endeavoured to prevail upon several others, by Bribery and Corruption, to give their Votes in Favour of the said Peter Delmi and William Byron; and allured several others, that in case they voted for the said Peter Delmi and William Byron tijeir Votes should be good and allowed, but if they voted for the Petitioner, they should be bad and not allowed; and that the said Peter Delmi and William By ran, and also Germain Lavie, who acted at and previous to the Election as Agent for the said Peter Dehne anti William Byron, and other their Agents, did bribe, and did endeavour to bribe, others to vote for the said Peter Delmi and William B,; and - were guilty of divers other indirect and corrupt Practices relating to the said Election; and that, by such and other partial, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, a Majority of , Vote* was pretended and declared, by the said Bailiffs,

Favour of the said Peter. Delmi and William contrary to Truth and Justice, and to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal Votes:.and therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Belief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day. of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Momorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th arid nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent . to the Parties j accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Avail be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, the Petitioner, and Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, but Heath, the Mayor of the said Borough, who pre-lided as the lieturning Officer, during the whole Course of the Polli acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said John Gisborne, by rejecting the Votes of many Pejfons, who had an undoubted Right to poll at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and by admitting on the Poll, for the said John Gisborne, divers Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; whereby, and by. many other undue and unwarrantable Practices of the said Christopher Heath, as well previous to, as at, and in relation to, the said Election, the said JohnG.ijborne is returned as a Member to serve for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said, Petition be taken into Con-fuleration upon Wednesdaythe 31st Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are th-reuRtofubferibed*.Electors of Members, to lerve<in Pa-foment for the Borough of Derby\ in.':the County Of Derby, was read Setting -forth, That, at the last , voi

41 x

Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for - the said Borough, Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and Gisborne, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners, and divers others, having a lawful- and undoubted Right; by Birth or Servitude,- to the Freedom of the said Borough; and to be fWom Burgulfts thereof, previous to the said Election, claimed to t*e admitted Burgessesof the said Borough; but CtiriJldpJrAr Heath, the Mayor, and divers Aldermen of the said Borough, with a View to deprive the Petitioners, and others, of voting at the then next ensuing Election, and in order to procure a Return in Favour of the said John Gisborne, refused to: admit them to their Freedom, although the said Mayor and Aldermen at the same Time admitted several Persons under the like Gircumstances with the Petitioners; and that the said Daniel Parker Coke was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned* but the said Christopher Heath, the Mayor, who presided -as the Returning Officer, hath nevertheless made a Rectum of the said John Gijbornet to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Christopher Heath, during the whole Course of the Poll, acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said John Gisborne, by rejecting the Votes of the Petitioners and others, who had an undoubted Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the said Daniel Parker Ooke, and by admitting on the Poll for the said John Gisborne divers Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought - to have been rejected; whereby, and by many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable. Practices and Proceedings of the said Christopher Heath, and divers Members, of the Corporation of the said Borough, as well previous to as during the Poll, the Petitioners conceive themselves greatly prejudiced, and their Rights’, and Privileges as Burgesses of the said Borough attacked and violated: And therefore praying the House, on Behalf of themselves and others the Bur-.gefies of the said Borough of Derby, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con ’ lideration at the same Time the last preceding- Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or -.1 Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were . ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, ot Warrants, for such Persons, Papers,-and Records-, as be thought necelfury by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

> -

A Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, was read; SettitjS forth, That, at the late Election of a Burgess to serve *n Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Samuel Peach and John JDewaf Esquires, Samuel Peach, Samuel Petrie, Esqurres, and tb® Petitioner, were Candidates; and Thomas Carter wa* the Bailiff and Returning Officer; and that the said Thornes Carter, putting himself entirely Under the Direction of the Agents of: the said Mr. Poach, conducted himself with the grossest Partiality,-in rejecting a great Number of legal Votes which were offered for the Petitioner, which were never before questioned, and most of which he the said Carter had admitted as legal Votes at the last General Election; and thereby did arbit rarily and illegally give a colourable Majority to the said Mr.

Peach, iu Prejudice to the Petitionee, who ought to

have

Cricklade

Election*

Criektak

ElcOkm.

' Ditto.

Ditto.

41 act — 3

have been returned, being elected by a very great Majority of legal Voters; and that the said Thomas Carter admitted many Votes for the said Mr. Peach, which ought not to have been admitted, and rejected many that were offered for the Petitioner, and which were in the same Predicament with.many which he admitted for the said Mr. Peach’, and that many of the Agents of the said Mr. Peach, Strangers to, and having no Connexion

with, the said Borough, were admitted to vote, under colourable and fraudulent Conveyances occasionally made, to the great Injury and Prejudice of the legal and bona fide Electors; and that the said Samuel by himself and his Agents, previous to and during the said Election, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt the Electors of the said Borough; and that, by these and other undue, illegal, and corrupt Practices, the said Samuel Peach procured himself to be falsely returned-a Representative for the said Borough, in manifest Injury to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him finch Relief therein as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken jjnto Confi-defation upon Friday, the and Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others, the Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts ,was also read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election of a Representative to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the Doom of Samuel Peach and John Dewar, Esquires, John Dewar, Samuel Peach, and Samuel Petrie, Esquires, were Candidates; and that Thomas Carter, a known Friend of the said Mr. Peach, and under the Direction of his Agents, prelided as Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, to which Office the said Carter was appointed by Arnold Nesbitt, Esquire, the Lord of the Hundred or Manor of Cricklade, and Friend to the said Mr. Peach, and the Person who introduced the said Mr. Peach as a Candidate for the said Borough; and that the Petitioners, and many others duly qualified, as well by the general Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Usage and Constitution of the said Borough, offered to give their Voices for the said John Dewar, Esquire, but were rejected by the said Returning Officer, who, under the Directions of the Agents of the said Mr. Peach, took upon himself arbitrarily and illegally to return the said Samuel Peach, although the said John Dewar, Esquire, had a large Majority of unquestionable legal Votes for the said Borough; and that the said Returning Officer did likewise partially admit many Votes for the said Mr. Peach, which stood precisely in the same Predicament with many which he rejected when offered for Mr. Dewar: and did1 likewise admit many Persons to vote for Mr. Peach, whom he ought not to have admitted, several of whom were the immediate and avowed Agents of Mr. Peach, having no Connexion whatever with the said Borough, but who, under fraudulent and colourable Conveyances, were admitted to vote, to the great Injury of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners and others the Electors of the said Borough; and that, by these and other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, the said Samuel Peach, Esquire, did procure himself to be returned a Representative to Parliament, in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Electors, and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying, that the Freedom of Election may be restored, and that the said Mr. Dewar may be received as duly elected; and that the House will grant them such other Relief and Redress as they shall thmk meet.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Electors of the said Borough, was also

0 Novembris. A. 1775.

read; Setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Bur- gefs to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of William Earle, Esquire, deceased, Samuel Peach, John Dewar, and Samuel Petrie, Esquires, were Candidates; and that Thomas Carter, Bailiff of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Election, during the Poll, acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said Samuel Peach rejecting the Votes of mdny who had an undoubted Right to poll, and who tendered their Votes for the said John Dewar, or the said Samuel Petrie-, and admitting many to poll for the said Samuel Peach, who were in the same Predicament with those who were refused to be admitted for the other Candidates, as well as many others who had no Right to vote at all; and thus, in a most arbitrary, illegal, and unwarrantable Manner, depriving great Numbers of the Electors of the said Borough of that Right and Franchise which they had heretofore exercised for Time immemorial; and that, by these and other undue Practices, the said Samuel Peach has been unjustly returned to serve for the said Borough, though not duly elected, in Defiance of Law, and grols Violation of the Freedom of Election; and that the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House the last Session of Parliament, Setting forth these Particulars, but which was not then heard: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum: '

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the toth and 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till To-motrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1* die No;

Anno 16® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775.

Praters.

pETER Henry Balemann took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of Frederick Moiling and John George - Molli igV heifen, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, _ *«»d That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Bn'dhe'fo1’8 Naturalization. at*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Thomas Hill and Mr. Amyand do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Martin Fujhs, was presented to the Fo(W House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to Nat. bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

according

16 Geo. III. i " Novembris. 41 3

according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Witham aforesaid, as also the Lands of the Petitioners,

Mr. Whitworth, and Sir Charles fVhilworth do prepare, lie intermixed and dispersed infmall Parcels in and over and bring in, the fame. the fame, and are, in their prefenfc Situation, incapably

any Improvement; and that it would tend to the A.<d —

Answer Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the vantage of the Proprietors of the said Fields, to have ,0 ^forrt6 ^ou^» that their Address of Yesterday (that His Ma- all the feme divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and.

Accounts. jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to Shares thereof allotted and assigned to each Townltkij> the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Ac- and Proprietor, according to their respective Proper-counts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this ties and Interests therein; And therefore praying. That House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this inclosing all the Open Fields, Meadow, Failure, and House, that He will give Directions accordingly. other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the'

Liberties of Gunby and North aforesaid, in such

Distressed A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt, in His Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Debtors. Majesty’s County Gaol at Hereford, was presented to the , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur —

House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir praying Relief. George Howard and Lord Brownlow Bertie 4° prepare.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, and bring in, the feme.

(7unby A Petition of the Right honourable and Reverend The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pur- EAimates Robert Earl of Harborough, Lord of the Manor, and suant to their Address to His Majesty, presentedj

Iiiciofure?m Patron of the Rectory and Church of Gunby, in the Estimate of the Charge of (he Guards, Ganifons, and County of Lincoln, and Proprietor of a considerable Part other His Majesty’s Land Forces in,

of the Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common from 25th December 1775, to 24th December 1776, both Fields of Gunby aforesaid, and North Witham, in the Days inclusive, being 366 Days: And also, feid County of Lincoln, and the humble Petition of the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General

Honourable John Manners, Esquire, Lord of a Manor Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1776: And within the Liberty of North Witham aforesaid, and a also.

Proprietor of a considerable Part of the Lands and Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in Grounds in the Open and Common Fields of North the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison Witham and Gunby aforesaid, the Reverend Thomas at Gibraltar and Minorca, from the 25th December 1775,

Hurst, Clerk, Warden of the Hospital of William Brown, to the 24th December 1776, both inclusive, being 366 in Stamford, in the said County of Lincoln, of the Foun- Days: And also,

dation of King James the First, Edward Edwards, Clerk, Estimate of the Charge of tire Difference of Pay, be-Confrater, and the Twelve Poor of the said Hospital, tween the British and Irish Establishment? of One Regi-Lords of a Manor within the Liberty of North ment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot,

Witham aforesaid, and Proprietors of a considerable serving in from 25th December 1775, to

Part of the Lands and Grounds in the Open and Com- 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive, being 366 mon Fields of North Witham and Gunby aforesaid, and Days: And also,

others. Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Estimate of the Charge of Levy Money, for the

feid Open and Common Fields of Gunby and North Augmentation to His Majesty’s British and Irish Forces,

Witham, or otherwise interested therein, was presented for the Year 1776.

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That as well And the Titles of the said Estimates were read,

the Lands of the Townships of Gunby and North The fei4 Estimates are as followeth viz.

Vol. 35,

5 N ESTIMATE

4

OOQU

4*4

Novembris.

A.

*775-

G S TIMA T E of the Chaise of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive; being 366 Days.

First Troop of Horse Guards - -

Second Ditto -

Horse. First Troop of Grenadier Guards - -Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - -

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Earl of Pembroke's Dragoons -

Earl of Panmure's -

Dragoons./ Major General Fitzroy’s - -

Lieut. General Carpenter's - 1- - -

Lieut. General Harvey's - - - - *

Sir George Howard’s - -

Sir John Mordaunt's -----/.

Major General John Jion's - -

Foot.

Light ("Lieut. General Eliott's -

Dragoons.\Major General B -

' First Regiment of Foot Guards - - .

Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards - -Third Regiment of Foot Guards , - - -Duke of Argyll's Regiment of Foot, 2 Batt‘. Sir Charles Montagu's Regiment - - - -Lieut. General M -

Sir John Sebright's -

Major General Mack ay's -

Lord George Lennox's -

Major General Evelyn's -

Sir Adolphus Oughton's -

Major General Sorell’s -

Colonel Mo nfon's -

Lieut. General Owen's -

Major General Ss - - - - -Lieut. General T -

I imliH (Colonel Wren's Regiment -

s" ^Twenty-six Independent Companies - -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle -

Contingencies upon Account - -

Total

War Office, ift November 1775.

Numbers.

181

181

*74

*73

3*9

345 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 231 23 r 231

327

286

1649

1058

1058

1354

677

677

677

677

677

677

677

677

677

6 77

677

677

9°5

2308

1,028

2,655

613

*3»243

3.213

20,752

Pav of the Troops

i.nd Regiments for

366 Da>s.

*7.653 8 —

*7.653 8 —

10,900 *4

10,772 12 —

26,126 6

18,929 l6 6

12,932 — —

12,932 — —

*2,932 — —

*2,932 — —

*2,932 — —

12,932 — —

*2,932 — —

12,932 — —

12,932 — *

12,932 — " —

16,171 2 —

*4,725 8 —

46,106 *7

29,841 4 —

29,896 2 —

26,992 xo —

*3,624 7 —

*3.624 7 —

13,624 7 —

*3.624 7 —

*3,624 7 —

*3.624 7 —

*3,624 7 —

*3.624 7 —

*3.624 7 —

*3,624 7 —

13,624 7 —

*3.624 7 —

*3.987 6 —

34.333 *7

32,297 8 4t

26,000

- £

TOTAL

£ A

83,106 8 —

148,249 16 6 30,896 10 — *

296.328 17 —

48,321 3 —

52,297 8 4f

659,200 2 iof

1 — I |- — Ti" .-! i-i'i'TT

Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1776.

General and General Staff Officers

Charge for 366 Days*

*»5°5 7 3

War Office, ift November 1775.

Barrington.

ESTIMATE

i 6 Geo. III.

Navembris.

4-i 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and , including those in Garrison at A Ttnorcaand Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1775 to the 24th December 1776, both Days tn-

elusive, being 366 Days.

Lieut. General Hodgson's Regiment of Foot - - Major General Earl Percy's -

Sir Wiliam Boothby's -

Lord Robert Bertie's -

Lieut. General Armstrong's -

Lieut. General Sand fords ——

Major General Cunningham's

Major General Gisborne's ——

Lieut. General Monckton's -

Lieut. General Gage's ——

Major General Howe's ——

Major General Scott's -

Colonel Eyre Majjey's -

Major General Er/e’s ——

Major General Campbell's -

Lord Blaney's -

Sir Robert Hamilton's -

Lord JoAw Murray's -

Lieut. General Carey's ——

General Abercrombie's -

Colonel Vaughan's ——

Major General Car let on's ——

Major General Maitland's ——

Lieut. General Clavering's ——

Colonel Pigot's ——

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions - -

Major General Grant's ——

Major General Pomeroy's -

Lieut. General Urmfton's -

Lieut. Colonel O'Hara's Corps -

Garrisons in North America, viz. , Montreal, St.

Augustine, Pensacola, Mobille, and Carolina

Garrisons in Niwd Scotia, Halifax, Placentia, St. John's in Newfoundland, Loui/bourg, S/. John's Island, Providence, Bermudas, and Africa -

Garrisons in the (Hands of Grenada, St. Vincent, Dominique, and Tobago -

Officers serving with the Forces in AforM America - -

Contingencies upon Account -

MINORCA.

Earl of Eglinton's Regiment -

Colonel Barlow’s -

Officers of the Garrison, fifr.

GIB RAL TAR. Major General Clinton's Regiment -Major General Boyd’s -

Major General Waljh's -Colonel West's -

Officers of the Garrison, fcfc. -

Provisions for Thirty-four Battalions of Foot in Niw/4 America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, &fc. deducting 2 \d.perDiem from each Non Commissioned Of-

ficer and Soldier, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government - -

Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar - -

Provisions for the Regiment in the ceded Islands Provisions for Lieut. Colonel Corps serving in

Africa, deducting 2f d.per Diem from each Non Commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -

Total -

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments &c. for 366 Days. TOTAL.

8u - - *6,*55 *7 — /C- d.

8n - 16,155 17 —

8n - 16,155 *7 —

811 - *6,338 17 —

811 - 16,155 17 —

811 - *6,155 *7 ~

811 - *6,155 *7 —

811 M mm i6,*55 *7 —

8u " *6,155 17 —

8u - *6,155 *7 —

8n " - *6,155 *7 —

8n db m *6,*55 *7 " #

8u *6,155 17 —

8n - *6,155 *7 T-

811 *6,155 *7 —

811 - *6,155 *7 —

881 - - 16,155 ,7 __

1,400 - 24,784 6 —

8n - *6,*55 17 —

8u - *6,155 *7 —

811 - 16,155 *7 —

811 - - *6,155 *7 —

811 - 16,155 *7 —

811 - 16,155 17 —

811 l6»*55 *7 —

2,709 - 54,753 *2 —

811 - *6,155 *7 ~

811 - - *6,155 *7 —

811 - i6,*55 17 —

214 - 4»*8* i* —

26,220 __

520,110 8 —

"* - " " on m 3,568 10 —

m. 3,435 0 91

mi m - a»793 6 —

m a*»33* *4 —

4,000 —

677 - r *3,624 7 _

677 *3,624 7 _

- VJT 27,24.8 *4. —

- 5,933 15 6

477 m m I0,$7o 17 —

477 m m lo»97o 17 —

477 * i°»97o 17 —

477 t ooi ,0»97o 17 —

>yvw 43,8*3 8 —

- 3,759 *7 1

m mm 43,*3* 16 3

- «. ^4»374 9 4

m m. *7,73* 14 —

J. 2»3*8 2

87,^67 7*

- - 29,482; 7*3,43* 11 7i

War Office, 1 ft November, 177$. Vo u35.

Barrington.

EST X M ATjR

i° Novembris

4. 177 5-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment, of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North , from 25th December

1775, to 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive; being 366 Days.

Numbers. Pay for 366 Days. Difference.

- £ d. £. s.

Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons, according

to the British Establishment ---- 288 14,725 8 —

Paid by Ireland for laid Regiment ----- - - 8,567 4 8

Difference - - - 6,158 3 4

Earl of Cavan's Regiment of Foot, according to the British

Establishment - 8ix l6»l55 ll —

Paid by Ireland - 10,093 H 4

Difference - - 6,062 2 8

Sir Eyre Coote's Regiment, the same ----- 8n - 6,062 2 8

Lieut. General Haviland’s, the same - 8n - 6,062 2 8

Major General Elphinstone's, the same - - - 8ll - 6,062 2 8

Major General Frederick's, the same - - - - 8n - 6,062 2 8

Lieut. General Irwine's, the feme ----- 8ll - - " 6,062 2 8

Total - - 5>*54 - - 42,530 19 4 r-r — ' ' mr~r$

War Office, ift November 1775.

Barrington.

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation to His Majesty’s British and Irish

Forces, for the Year 1776,

Levy Money for 150 Light Dragoons, at £. 2.8. zs. o for each Man and Horse - .

D° for 108 Light Dragoons, at D° -

D° for 1,710 Men, at £. 5. per Man - -

D° for 14,486 Men, at £. 3. $s. per Man -

D* for 2,340 Men, at £, 5. $s. per Man for Ireland «.

Total Charge

£. j.

4,215-----

3,034 16 —

8»55°-----

76,051 10 —

12,285-----

104,136 6 —

From which deduct Sums already voted for Levy Money, on the Estimates of the Year 1775 - _ - - - - . - - - - 15,072 12 —

Remains to be provided for 1776 9 ♦» - -- - - 89,063 14 —

S I ggggSgSaeBBBggSSgSJBg^py

War Office, ift November 1775.

Barrington.

Ordered*

{j

4-1 7

16 Geo. III.

2° Novembrls.

American

Colonies.

Supj>Iy*

Indemnity

!>ui; Liectoral

T i oops.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the last bet urns of the Number of effective Men, in the several Regiments and Corps in His Majesty’s Service serving in North America, together with a Hate of the Numbers of Sick and Wounded; distinguishing the several Places where the said Troops are Rationed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas 5 Mr* n°maS leiiersiorine i cas, < v,r

(Mr. Marsham: tellers for the Noes, j.

So it passed in the Negative.

63. 176.

Account ordered: Navy

American

Colonies*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Transports taken up, or contracted for, since September 1773 to September 1775; describing the Tonnage, and what has been paid, or contracted to be j>aid, for the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Artillery, Arms, Ordnance, and Military Stores, issued from the Office of Ordnance, lent to from the ill of September 1773 to the ill of September 1775 i

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the 'Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles IF hit-worth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the liune.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee, to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the.Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the lending His Majesty’s Electoral Troops to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, rlhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify such Persons as have adviled His Majesty to send to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon a Part of the Electoral Troops of Hanover, during the Recess of Parliament: And that the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall,

Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

yovtSj 2 ° die Novembrls;

Anno 16* Georgii IIIui Regis, 1775-Prayers.

MR. Whitworth presented to the House, accord- FufV’s ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John JNTtir- Nat. tin Fujhs: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John George Binaheifen: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

MolIIn^’s

*nd

Bird^eifen’s

Nat.

VOL.

35-

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders OF the Ex^rti-g Town and County of Poole, was presented to the House, Proton*, and read; Setting forth, That it has been repre- C lented to the Petitioners, that the West India Merchants intend to apply to Parliament for Leave to export Provisions and other Necessaries from Great Britain to the West India Islands: And therefore the Petitioners pray. That they may also be permitted to export, from Great Britain, Provisions and other Necessaries for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at JN'eiv-foundlatid, and the Places adjacent, as the ^American Sources are Hopped, and to give them such other Indulgences, for the Benefit of that Trade, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Merchants of , in the Ditto,

County of Devon, engaged in, and carrying on, a Trade and Fishery to and at the Island of AYit/wwi/-land, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the unhappy Differences now lut>fi fling between Great Britain and her American Colonies having occasioned the latter to withhold the usual Supplies of Bread, Flour, and other Provisions, which they have hitherto afforded to the Inhabitants of and to the great Numbers of Seamen and Fishernjen annually engaged in catching and curing Fish at that Island, and on die Banks; the Prices of those Necessaries of Life have been this Seaion enhanced near three Times their usual Rate, to the Ruin of many, and the great Loss of all those who are obliged to purchase such Articles in Newfoundland; and that the Quantities of

Bread, Flour, and Pease, allowed by Law to be exported from the Port of Dartmouth for 2Na'ZJvJ~erunri2and being very inadequate to the necessary Confutnption of those Articles, it will be impossible for the Petitioners to carry on any Trade and Fishery to that Island. the ensuing Seaion, unless they have Power for exporting such Quantities of those Articles as may be sufficient For supporting not only the People immediately employed by them in their respective Tracies, but also great Numbers of Inhabitants of that Island, and others who annually resort thither to carry on the Fishery; and that the Petitioners cannot, widi any degree of Pre-cilion, ascertain what Quantities of each of the said Articles may be necessary for those Purposes, but conceive great Disadvantages may pofBbly arise from their being stinted, and no Inconveniences likely to accrue from their having Liberty to export to the said Island such Quantities as their future Advices therefrom may make them judge necessary: And therefore praying. That they may have Liberty to export, from: the Port of Dartmouth for the Island of JNdvt-'foundland, any Quantities of Bread. Flour, and JF*eaie, without.

5 O Sunt»

Northern

Passage

Dil'covery.

Sliafteftmry

Election.

418 2° Novembris. A. 1775.

Stint, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Ordered\ That Mr. John Foot do attend this House, at

Premises as may be judged necessary. the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ordered, That Mr. John Wilton do attend this House,

Table. at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Roberts Everett do attend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the this House, at the same Time.

18th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant

George the Second, intituled, "An Act for giving a for the making out a new Writ for the electing of a " public Reward to such Person or Persons, His Ma- Burge6 to serve in Parliament for the Borough of te jetty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a North Shaft on, otherwise Shaft esbury, before the ift Day of " West Passage through Hudson's Streights, to the February next.

" Western and Southern Ocean of America," might be

read. Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 14th Hindon

And the same being read accordingly; Day of February in the last Session of Parliament, was Election.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- made from the Select -Committee, who were appointed ing next, resolve itself into a Committ.ee of the whole to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of House, to consider of granting a Reward to such Per- James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Ef-Ibn or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be-Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons taken into Consideration upon Monday the 29th Day of

as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the House, of the 4th Day of May in the last Session of Parliament, upon considering the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select: Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That there was the moll " notorious Bribery and Corruption, at the last Election " of Members to serve in this present Parliament for " the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the " County of Dorset.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the said Bribery <c and Corruption require the most serious Consideration of Parliament.

" Resolved, That it appears to this House, That it " is too Late to proceed to take the said Minutes into fi further Consideration in this Session of Parliament.

" Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it will be " highly expedient, that the House do proceed to take " the same into Consideration, as early as possible, in " riie next Session of Parliament.’’

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the *ft Day of February next, take into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select: Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, that Mr. Edward Buckland do attend this House upon Thursday the ill Day of February next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Edwards do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Buckland do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Archibald Oram do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael London do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Philip Matthews do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Ridout (jo attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bennett do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Snook do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Merefield do attend this House, at the same Time.

M

January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do npt issue his Warrant, for the making out a new Writ for electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon, before the 29th Day of January next.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Twenty-eight thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Six, including Six thousand Six hundred and Sixty-five Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the jlaid Twenty-eight shouland Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *n£l Mean* consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se- Militia, cond Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of of Great Britain;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|e

Tellers for the Noes - }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee oP the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

16 Geo. III. 2* — 30 Novembris. ^4.19

Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to

make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly,

MiPtia; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Scotland, the better ordering of the Militia Forces, In that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Mountftuart, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam FerSir Gilbert Elliot, Mr.

Pulleney, Mr. Demffter, Sir George Suttie, Captain Johnstone, and Mr. Robinfodo prepare, and bring in, the tame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock*

V eneris, 30 Novembris 5

Anno 16* Georgii III1'* Regis, 1775. Prayers.

Exporting 1 A PETITION of the Merchants trading to the PioViCon*/ d\. West Indies, whole Names are thereunto fub-Scc. leribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabit*

ants of the Sugar Colonies in the West Indies have hitherto been supplied with very large Quantities of Flour, Bread, Rice, and Indian Corn, from the Continent of America, from Which Supply they are now cut' off by reason of the present Interruption of Commerce with America1, and that the Quahfity of Wheat and Meal Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, now allowed by Law to be exported to the said Colonies from the Port of JLondots, will be greatly insufficient for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the hud Sugar Colonies during the Continuation of such Interruption < And therefore pray* ing the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Barrington prefehted to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

-Estimateof the-Charge of Five HdnoVeriak Battalions Estimate* of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, from ift September pr^^lted? 1775, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 115 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, from the 2.3 til of December to the 24th of December 1776, both

Days inclusive, being 366 Dap,

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read*

The laid Estimates are as followeth j viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battaliohs of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorcd, I ft September 1775, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 115 Days.

front

Number* say . of the Battalions for 115 Days. TOT A L*

GIBRALTAR. £ s. d. *- a/.

Colonel La Matte's Battalion of Foot Lieutenant General Hardenberg's - - - - -lieutenant General Re den's - - - - 475 475 473 — 1,423 2,964 16 10} 3,005 I IO{ 2,857 IO 2{ 8,827 8 xx A

MINORCA.

Major General Goldacker*s Battalion Prince Emft's - 475 475 a m am m 950 2,964 16 xof 2,924 II IO$ 5,889 8 0

2.373 m 14,716 17 si

To replace to His Majest/s Electoral Troops remaining in Germany, the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the above Five Battalions, at £.5. 7J. 6 a Man, in* eluding Arms, Accoutrements, and Clothing 12,066 *7 6

Total - - A w 2,373 m - £- 26,783 15 a.1

War-Office, 3d November 1775.

Barrington.

Vol. 35.

ESTIM ATE

Eftirnite presented; Ordnance.

420 3 ° Novembris. 1775.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, from the 25 December 1775, to the 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days.

1 Numbers. Pay of the Battalions for 366 Days. total. 1

GIBRALTAR. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Colonel La Matte's Battalion of Foot - - - - ’ -Dieutenant General Hardenberg's ---- lieutenant General Re den's - - 475 475 473 _ m 9.435 18 9 9’5°4 0 9 9,094 6 9 28,094 6 3

lA23

MINORCA.

Major General Goldacker's Battalion ----- Prince Ernfi's - -- - 475 475 - - 9’435 18 9 9,307 16 9 4 18,743 15 6

95°

Total - - . t . - - 2 >37 3 46,838 1 9

War Office, 3d November 1775.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ellimatc of the Charge of the Oince of Ordnance, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. for the Year 1776, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Eliimate was read.

__ Sir Charles Cocks presented to the House, pursuant to The said Estimate is as followeth; their Address to His Majesty,

ESTIMATE

16 Geo. III.

3° Novembris.

4.2,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1776.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

LAND SERVICE

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ..... "Gibraltar and North Britain - - . —

Minorca ....

5/. John's and Placentia in Newfoun - *» 4

East Florida

West Florida - .

Grenada, St. Vincent, and Tobago

Quebec -

New York -

Senegal and Senegambia {.Halfax ——

Pay of the Corps of Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 2,256 Men, Officers included -Augmentation to the 4th Battalion of Artillery serving in North America -Establishment of the Academy at Woolwich -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich - - - *

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park and the Tower of London -

Pay of an Inlpcdtor of Artillery for North America, Newfoundland, and the West India Islands - - , - - - r

To Col* William Phillips, for the Lois he sustained by the^ Office of Inspector and Commander of Artillery at Gibraltar and Minorca being discontinued, and also in Cctniideration of his good Services - -

To Lieut. Col* Samuel Cleaveland, in Consideration of his good Services - -

To Lieut. General William Belford, for his good Services -

To John Chalmers, Esquire, late Major of Artillery, in Consideration of his Services To Lieut. Col* William Roy, Engineer, for surveying the Coasts. of Great and the

adjacent Islands thereto belonging -To Major General Thomas Defaguliers, for his Extra Services at the Siege of Palais in Belleifte, and upon several Expeditions - - . -

To Major Hugh Debbieg, Engineer, for his good Services upon several extraordinary Occasions -

To Lieut. Col* Joseph Brome, in Consideration of his good Services in Flanders- and Germany - -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Germany, North America, Africa, the Eastxnd West Indies, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced, and Widows Pensions -

I-

36,09*

1,049

l,3°0

1,000

658

969

1,537

845

a2? M*6 521 8,39|

4,9°4

1,594 867

3>

7

16

18

J.

6

5

6 1 1

x &

14

*>*50

4 $7

457

9*

3*9

*74-

10

25

%o

366 —

457 0 >> 366 — 183 —

9>*s3 3

£- I 148,354- 1

6

EXTRAORDINARIES.

7,187 «,54*

Towards repairing the Fortifications, Barracks, Storchouses, and carrying

on the current Service at Gibraltar - - - I 6,875

Materials for the said Services - j 1,686

In further Part of the Charge of improving and fbengthening the Fortifications at Gibraltar, according to Plans approved by His Majesty, estimated at £.51,1x6 - .- . - -

Materials for the said Fortifications - -

Pay of a Military Company of Artificers, serving in the Garrifbn of Gibraltar - «.

To form and establish the Windmill Hill af Gibraltar into a fortified Post or Camp ——

Towards repairing the Forti-f" Minorca -

fications. Barracks, Store-1 Si. John's, Ferryland Carboniere, and Trinity houses, and carrying on the 1 Harbour in Newfoundland -

current Service, at - L Placentia - -

For keeping in Repair the Fort at Arderfeer, and other Fortifications and Barracks in Scotland -Towards repairing the Sea Wharfing at Sheerness - -

Towards inclosing and fortifying the Sock Yard at Portsmouth -For keeping in Repair the Fortifications at Portsmouth and Gosport -For keeping in Repair the Fortifications in the Plymouth Division Towards creatine a Pile of Barracks at Woolwich for One Battalion of Artillery sum! their-Officers -

Vo 1. 35. 5P

£. s. d.

17 —

*5 1

5 ~

12 —

1,814 15 —

1,960 — — -4,048 18 11

COo — --

400 — .-T-

OyOOOO -

1,000 — — -

20,000 ——

2,000 -

1,000 -

7,800----

Toy

-3° Novembris.

43a

Pay of Engineers, OfEcers, Condu<stors, and Artificers, with the Train of 1 Artillery attending His Majesty’s Forces in North America Towards enlarging the Gun Wharf, Magazines, and Storehouses, at Plymouth - ~ ' - -

To finish the Powder Magazine, the Balon, and the Canal of Communication to the Magazine at Priddy's ,near Portsmouth -Towards re-building and enlarging several of the Offices of the Ordnance in the Tower -

To defray Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery in for -]

Six Months ——

Hire of Transports in the Service of this Office in North to 31

December 1775 - - - it,.

Two hundred Tons of-Saltpetre - -

Expeace of Services- performed -pursuant to-His Majesty’s Orders, .

-: .1 and not-provided for by Parliament in-17 7 5«-

Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange for carrying on the current ‘Service at 'Halifax in Nova Scofia - -

Pay <5f Superannuated and Half-pay Officers, and others, to* 31 December

’ltlS - - - >

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, the 1 ft and 3rd

Regiments, of Dragoon Guards’, the 2nd arid 4th" Regiments of Dragoons, the i 7 th Regimenfof Light Dragoons, the ill Regiment of Foot " 'Guards, ana to several Regiments of Foot, pursuant. to His Majesty’s Warrants 18 November 1773, 13 December 1774,n and 30 January, 8^ 22, and 27 February, 10 March4 and 7 April, 9 , 7" and 9

~ June, 3, 14, 18 and 30 Augustf 18 and 19 September 1775 .

Arms and Accoutrements delivered to the Militia of the Counties of Devon, York;Middlesex, Durham, Suffolk, Salop, Norfolk, Gloucester,

Anglesea, Merioneth, Montgomery, ixA'Radnor, pursuant to His Majesty’s-Warrants 5 September 1774, 17 and 2 j February' 9 March, ‘24 April,26 June 1775 - - .

Ammunition delivered to 56 Regiments of Militia, pursuant to His Majesty’s Cjrder 18 May 1763 "- '- .

Anris'and Accoutrements delivered to’the Militia-and Invalids of the Island of Jersey, pursuant to His Majesty’s’Warfants 16 June 1774, anti 2$-July 1775 - . - y- . -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the^ThreeRegirtients

of Foot Guards, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants, 14* 9 May,

and 6 June 1775 - -‘ - - ’ - -

Moriey issued to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by the Taymasters so the Trains of Artillery in North America, on account of Coritingencies "In 1775 -

Money issued for carry- C New York - - - £. 60

ing on the currentj Quebec,"6i6 18

Service and Contin-j East Florida - ’ ' . - . 469 4

gencies at - - \ West Florida - " - - 1013 19

Tents lent to North America, for "Service of His Majesty’s Forces there, 'pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants 30 January, 9 28th

and 3 August 1775 Ppiyder and Tanned Hides sent to New York Brass Ordnance, Mtortars, small Anris, Ammunition, intrenching Tools, and other Ordnance Stores sent to North America, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrant, 16 October 1775 -Paid on account of the Hire of Transports to carry Stores and-Artilkry People (and victualling the feme) to New York, , Virginia,

and Newfoundland - -

Barrack Bedding sent to Minorca for Use of 5 Regiments and' 3: Companies of Artillery, pursuant* to Order 25 September if] $

Balding sent for Use of the Regiments in the South Carib pursuant to Order 29 August 1775

‘; f Gibraltar A Supply of Stores demanded I Minorca. ’ ’ *. and sent to - - -. j Eaff Florida -

-; 1 Newfoundland

Timber and Spikes sent to Minorca for Palifedes Iron Ordnance, Brals Mortars, ^Howitzers, and other Stores, sent to the Island of Guernsey, purfoant to His Majesty’s Order in Council, 10 March 1775 - ‘ -

Stores issued at Sr. John's Newfoundland for Supply of York

Bay, on the Coast of Labrador, pursuant to Order 26 February 1773

i \

1 - - 1 »

Jeff. Amherst.' Charles Frederick.-

rl

Caribbee Islands

£. s. d. 4,007 14 —

3.000 — —

3,47 s----

2.000 -

10,000 -- —

9,000- — — 9,boo .-i- — *

1,098 — — 480 4 4

32,114 3 6

9>%5'1 4 9

2,21428

6>437 7 —

554 2 4

15,126 4 9

2,700 2 10

2,624 2 —

2,215 2 —

25»559 17 6

3.396 19 .7

1.530 10 —

U525 16 9

7.959 ' 8 .7

904 9 9

3,292 3 9

' 339 s! 5 9

1,650 > 6 8

2^88 I 'JI 1

ro8 19 6

A. x'775.

£ S. d.

1 J

161^301 17 —

*f Vf.

I *r

' 1

223,171 II II.

’ £ 47M27 10 5

sate*

Ordered,

Indemnity

Bill:

Ele&oral

Troops.

Poor

Heturns.

16 Geo. III.

3* Novembris.

42-3

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table,

to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Lord North prel'ented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have advised His Majesty to send to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon a Part of the Electoral Troops of,

during the Becofs. of Parliament: And the same was received; and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

: Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of . this. House had received several Returns to the Orders of

- the House, of the 11 th Day of April in the last. Session of 1 Parliament, " That the Mailers, Governors, and Offi-

" cers, having the Care and Direction of the several " Houses of industry or Public Workhouses established

- " by Acts of Parliament specially made for the Relief " and , Employment of the Poor, within that Part of.

r", Great Britain called England, do, on or before the

" 2,4th Day of June next, transmit to the Clerk of this ‘‘.House, in order to be by him laid before this Hously,

t " au Account of the Number of Parishes, in each " District, City, Town, or Place, wherein any, such (" House has been l'o established; the Money raised . " Annually byluch Parishes under such Abbs of Parliament within the last Three Years, or since such " Establishment; the Expences for their Buildings, and how,- and- to what- Purposes, such Buildings are , " -adapted; the.Number of Poor’contained therein at " Mtdjummr and Christmas in.each Year, distinguishing; " the Able, the Aged, Infirm, and Infant Poor, and also the Number meach of those Classes who died in " each of such respective Houses within each of the said " Years; how, and in what labour or Manufacture,

" -the Poor have been employed in each of such Houses,

".and the Annual Amount of the net Money earned " by them; the Annual.Expences in maintaining the m; . " distinguishing how much For Food, Clothing, - and " Fuel, respectively, and allb how much for Salaries and " Allowances to Officers, and how much for other incidental Expences, within each of the said Years; and " also the Amount of the Money paid or allowed with- . " in the said Parishes, in each of the said Years, on account of the Poor who were not sent to ithe laid Houses " of industry or Workhouses; likewise an Account of " what Money has been borrowed by virtue of the said " respective Acts, and how much thereof has been

" discharged within each of the said Years, andwhat " Part thereof remains unpaid; and allb Copies of fill " their Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations ;" -and also,

" That the Clerks of the Peace, and Treasurers, or " One of therrt, within the several Counties, Ridings, Di- ‘ " visions. Liberties, and Precincts, and the Town Clerks* " and Treasurers, or One of them, in the several Cities,

" and Towns Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain called England, do lay before the Justices of the " Peace for each respective County, Riding, Division,

" Liberty, Precinct, City, and Town Corporate, holding " Quarter Sessions of the Peace, at their next Midfum-c " mer General Quarter Sessions, an Account of the several Sums of Money expended within their respective " Jurisdictions, for apprehending, and allb in passing, of " Vagrants, within the last Three Years, distinguishing. " each Year; and also how much Money has been expended in each of the said Years on account of the " several Houses of Correction within their respective " Jurisdictions; how many Peffons - have in each of " the said Years been confined within iiich Houses of " Correction, for Employment in hard Labour and " Correction; how, and in what Manner, such Persons " have been employed, and' what net Money has been " earned by their labour within each-of the said. Years; " and that the Governors and other Persons,* having the " ( are or Management of the several Houses of Cor-Vox. 35.

" rection, do give all Assistance and Information in their " Power, in making up the said Accounts; and the " Justices of the Peace, at their laid Quarter Sessions,

" within their respective Jurisdictions, are required to " inspect and certify the same to this House; and that " the said several Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerics,

" and Treasurers, or One of them, do immediately " afterwards transmit such Accounts and Certificates to " the Clerk of this House, in order that the same may " be by him laid before this House;" and that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of rthe Day, for the House Wav* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means-to consider of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. "

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself mto the said Committee. ’

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Cliair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had-come to a Resolution, which they' had direaed him to report, when the House will ploufe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon l^Ianday Morning next.

Sir Charles WhitwortKalfo acquainted the H^>uife, that

he was directed by the Committee, to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will,;upon Monday IVTorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further.of Ways and Means for raffing . the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his \Varrant to lVfalmefcuiy the* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new* W rit -for Election.7 the electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefen.t Parlia-. ment for the Borough of -Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the honourable Charles James Fox, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of H is Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, DeJboroug/j a.nd -ham, in the CountyoiBiickbigham.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Distressed Majesty’s Prisons of ‘the King's Bench and 'Tfte, Marshal- Debtors‘ sea, for themselves, and likewise all the other Prisoners confined for Debt in the several Prisons and Gaols throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table. .: _ .

A Motion was made, and the- Question being pro- Employment posed, That the introducing the Hanav 1 xoops into of

any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Fore*snTrooj>;. Great Britain, without the Consent of Parliament first had and obtained, is contrary to Law; ’

The House was moved. That lb much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the fending a Part of His. Majesty’s Electoral Troops to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon, might be read. ’

And the same was read accordingly. >; -

The House was allb moved. That the Entries in the Journals of the House of the 18th Day of 1698,

of the Message from , his Majesty to this House, informing the House, that Preparations were made for transporting the Guards who came with him into England,

unless the House was difoofed to continue twjrv. in

His

Chaplain*

Supply.

Chaplain.

Ways and Meant.

4^4,

his Service any longer; and also the Address of this House thereupon, of the 20th Day of the same Month, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Entries in the Journals of this House, of the 23d Day of March 1756, of the Message from his Majesty to this House, informing the House, That he had augmented his Sea and Land Forces, and made a Requisition of a Body of ‘Hessian Troops, upon receiving Advice that a Defig'n had been formed by the French Court of invading ' Great Britain or Ireland; and also the Address of this House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved; That the Entries in the Journals of this House, of the 19th Day of December 1745, of the Message from his Majesty to this House, informing the House of his having taken a Body of 'Hessian Troops into his Service, upon receiving Advice of an intended invasion; and also the Address of this House thereupon, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put. That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} ««

3° — 60 Novetnbris,

A. 1773.

So it passed in the Negative.

203.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, WeJHnmfttr, upon the 3th Day of this Instant November.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

ju.

Luticey 6* die Novembris;

Anno 16* Georgii III,u Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

'C'REDERICK Moiling and John George took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westmhtfler.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 15th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and *7

Seventy-six, be further continued, and charged Upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy fix, to the 24th Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven.

The laid Resolutbn being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Sif Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Sir William Jones, Baronet, and Dottle Eastbwy Elizabeth his Wife, Proprietors of the Manor of East-bury, otherwise Isbury, in the County of Berks, and of'a

gfeat Part of the Commonable Lands lying within the d Manor, and also of the several other Proprietors of ' the said Lands, whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor, certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Grounds, in which the Petitioners Properties lie intermixed, and inconveniently situated, and, in their present State, are of very little Improvement; and that, if the find Fields and other Premises were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, to be held in Severalty, great Advantages would arise to the Proprietors thereof:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Etwes and Mr. Griffith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Francis Anthony Rougemont, was presented Roogemom’ to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be *at* given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elzves and Mr. Griffith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Anthony TenBroeke, was presented to Broek«’s the House, and read; Fraying, That Leave may be Nat* given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, 'fhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Griffith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann, was Balemann’a read a Second Time. *"at*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Hill, Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John Moiling’* George Bindheifen, was read a Second Time. . antl.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Hill, the Lord Folkejhne, &e.: And they are to meet ‘ this Afternoop, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Militia, Thttrfday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven-night, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty. to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, in

any

16 Geo. III.

Novembris.

425

any Part of the Dominions belonging the Crown of Great Britain, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Nora Scotia. The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Letter communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker upon the 26th Day of October last, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4, 1775, and signed "IV" Nesbitt, Speaker," together with a Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " The Addfefs, Petition, and Memorial, of " the Representatives of the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Scotia, in General Assembly

And a Motion being made. That the said Letter and Paper be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The Ivord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Letter and Paper, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Letter and Paper be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the 15 th Day of this Instant November, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House? to consider of tire said Letter and Paper.

Ordered, That what the Lord North has now acquainted the House with, from His Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Snpfiiyu Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

WestnioreUad

Writ.

Mariis, 70 die Novembris;

' Anno 16* Georgii IIIai Regis, 1775. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Sir Lowther, who

was prevented by IUnels from attending his Duty in the House, to inform him that (having received Information from the several Persons who were the Petitioners from the County of Westmoreland in the last Session of Parliament, that they will not renew their Petition) he, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of -

land, and also a Knight of the Shire for the County of Westmor.eland made his Election to serve for the said County of Cumberland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Westmoreland, in the room of the said Sir James Lowther -,

The House was moved, That the Petition of several . x Vol. 35.

Freeholders of the County of WeJlmoX, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, which was present eel to the House upon the 17 th Day of December, in trie last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Westmoreland, in the room of the said Sir fames Lowther;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeU-for ,he Yeas, . 7.

Tellers for the Noes, } 70-

So it pafi*ed in the Negative.

A Petition of John Lord Vifcourit Dudley and Stourbridge

and the humble Petition of the several other Persons Canal, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in and hear the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of fd^or-cester, and concerned, or otherwise interested, in Lands,

Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, was p re fen ted to the House, and read 5 Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of If^orccsler, through the several Parishes of O/dfK.i>igS win-ford, and Kinfare, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, to join the Staffordshireand Canal Navigation, at or near a Place called S/ozer/on, in the said County of Stafford, and also Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, Parcel of Penjnct Chace, through the said Parish of Kings'uvinford, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delphi upon other Part of Penfnet Chace, to or near Bajgue’s Houses, in Brittel Lane, and from thence to certain Collieries called The Moors, and to or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the said Parish of JCxrxgswin-ford, in the said County of Stafford, there to join'and communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut I and that there are large and extensive Manuhc* tures of Iron, Glass, Woollen Cloths, and Earthen Wares, as also other Branches of Trade, carried on in and near the said Town of Stourbridge, and also very considerable Mines of Coal, Iron-Stone, Glals-House Pot-Clay, and Fire-Brick Clay, lying near the said Town, and to the said proposed Canal and - collateral Cuts, which, by Means of such Canal and collateral Cuts, and of Rail-Ways to communicate between the said Miites and collateral Cuts, may. be conveyed in a more ealy and commodious Manner, and at a cheaper Rate, from the said Town and Neighbourhood, to the several Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and FTull, and the interior Parts of the Kingdom, and t>y means thereof the Counties of Worcester, , Gloucester,

and Warwick, will be better supplied with. Coals than at present; and large Quantities of raw Materials used in the said Manufactures, as also Grain, Flour, and Merchandizes, will be brought and vended at a cheaper Rate: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given:

to bring in a Bill for making such navigable Canal and collateral Cuts, with such Powers and Provisions, and subject to such Regulations and R<?strictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration. of a Committee: And that tHey do exit mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Sir John W, Mr. Lyttelton, &c.: And they are to meet Tp-morrow ' Morning,

s Q at

a26 7* Novembris. A. 1775.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bafincstoke A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Hoads. put jn Execution an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Bcjing-Jloke, through Popham Lane, Sutton, Scotney, and Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lohcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and also for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads under the Petitioner’s Care, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, a great Part of which remains due, and which, the Petitioners apprehend, cannot be repaid, and the Roads completed and kept in proper Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the said Roads, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report. the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Luttrell, Mr. Ellis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Craggs,

Qualification Lord Viscount Clare in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Bill. the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That His Majesty, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, hath granted to the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Henry Flood, the Offices of Vice Treasurer, Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Revenues, Profits, and Casualties whatsoever, in His laid Kingdom of Ireland, and to be Treasurer at War within the said Kingdom; and that the Petitioners’ urgent Business requiring their Stay in England, so as that they cannot at present go into the said Kingdom, to qualify themselves there for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: Therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to ehable them to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, for the Employments abovementioned, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuanfc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Grenville and Mr. Marsham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Malt, &c. Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Salemann’s Mr. Thomas Hill reported from the Committee, to ^'at* tv hem the Bill for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann,

tvas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

M<and e'S Thomas Hill reported from the Committee, to

Bindircifcn’s whom-the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and Nat. 21

John George Bindhdfen, was. committed; That the Committee lied examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Rotigernont’* Order, a Bill for naturalizing Fra?icis Anthony Rouge- Nat* mont: And the same was received; and read the First;

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Or- Broeke’s der, a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broeke: And the Nat. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that feme of the Com- Accounts missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they Panted; were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the u oms* House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. Am Account of prohibited Raft India Goods imported into Saint Helens and private Trade Ware-houses, in the Port of London, from, Michaelmas 17 74. to Michaelmas 1775; also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1775: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouses, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1774 to Michaelmas 1775; also what exported during that Time, and what re-< mained in the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1775;

And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port <*f London vat Michaelmas 1774; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1775: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods* prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1774; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1775: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helens, Leadenhall, Billiter Lane, and the Custom House, in the Port of London, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, since Michaelmas 1774; what have been- returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1775: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Ruff a, into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1774 to Michaelmas 1775: And also,

N° 7. An Account of ,|£gtfal Stores imported from Ruff a, into the Ports of Engknd, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1774 to Michaelmas 1775V And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain, they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 177.5: And also,

N° 9. An Account of all Grain, Corn, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, exported from England, to any Place whatsoever, by virtue^, or in pursuance, bf any of the Liberties or Powers given or granted fot that ruipose, by an Act passed last Scflipn, to prohibit the Exportation thereof; continued from the last Account, viz. from the 10th of October 1774 totfre 5th of July 1775, inclusive.

And then they withdrew. ' /'

- - And

16 Geo. III. y Novembris.

4'J7

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the same were read by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

Malden A Petition of the Right honourable Drigue Lord Ejection.- IValt ham of the Kingdom of Ireland, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for the Borough of Malden, iti the County of Essex, the Honourable Richard Savage Nassau, John Strutt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and upon the Poll the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned to serve the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said Mr. Nassau, Mr. Strutt, and their Agents, or some of them, by and with their or One of their Di-redtions and Privity, previous to the said Election, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, and made use of Threats and Intimidations, in order to procure the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt to be elected to serve the said Borough in Parliament; and that, by Means of the great Mobs, Riots, and Disturbances, at the said Election, many Persons who had a Right to vote, were deterred and prevented from polling for the Petitioner; and that the Person who acted as Deputy to the Returning Officer of the said Borough, to take the Poll, before and during the said Poll, was guilty of great Partiality and Unfairness, in rejecting good Votes for the Petitioner, and admitting Persons not qualified to vote for the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt, and by entering many Votes for the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt who voted for the Petitioner; and that, by these and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable, Practices, many Persons voted for the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and the said, Mr. Najj'au and Mr. Strutt were unduly returned as Burgefle$ for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Violation of the Rights of the said Borough, and the Freedom of Election; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem just.!

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 6th Day of February next; at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscfibed. Freemen of ..the Borough of Mai-deny in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and other Freemen of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth. That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Right honourable Drigue Lord IValtham of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Honourable Richard Savage Nassau, and ffohn Strutt, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the laid Mr. Najj'au and Mr. Strutt, by themselves and their Agents, after the Dissolution of the late Parliament, and after the Vacancy in the said Borough, and previous to and during the late Election for the said Borough, were guilty uf Bribery and Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote; and did, by themselves and their Agents, on their Belialf, or at the Charge of the said Mr. Najj'au or Mr. Strutt, before and during the Poll for the said Bor rough, give, present, and allow to the Freemen of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had or claimed a Right to vote in the said Election, Money, Meat,

- :Drink, Reward, Entertainment, or Provision, in order to procure them the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Bo-,rough; and that, by. allowing and giving such Money, jMeatjp Drink,: JRewards, and ;Entertainment, . great. 35-

Riots, Tumults, and Disorders were occasioned at the said Election, whereby many Persons who, had a Right to vote were beat, knocked down, and otherwise ill treated, and deterred and hindered from polling at the said Election, and the Peace of the said Borough was greatly disturbed and broken; and that several Persons who had, or claimed to have had, a Right to vote in the said Election (many of whom had previously and repeatedly avowed their Intentions to give their Voices in Support of Lord IValtham, one of the Candidates) were, by the Agents of Mr. Najj'au and Mr. Strutt y after the Dissolution of the late Parliament, and after Proclamation of the Writ, and previous to the said Election, taken to, and entertained at, the Seat of, and by the Lord Lieutenant of the County and a Peer of the Realm, for several Days and Nights, from whence they were brought to the said Election, and polled for Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutt; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Interference of a Lord Lieutenant of a County and a Peer of the Realm, in the Elections of the Representatives ,of the People, to be highly dangerous, and subversive of the Rights of Election, and a flagrant Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament; and that, by these and other unlawful Practices, many Persons voted for the said Mr. Nassau and Mr. Strutty who would otherwise have voted for Lord Waltham, whereby an unfair Majority appeared upon the Poll for Mr. Nassau and Mr.

Strutt, though in Fact Lord IValtham had a Majority of legal Votes; and the said Mr. Nassau and Mr.

Strutt were accordingly returned to serve the said borough in Parliament, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, and to the Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

- Memorandum; ,;

Irv pursuance of Two Acts, made in the roth and f nth;Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or j Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or . Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions . were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions.

A Petition tof the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors and Freeholders of the Eletfion, County of Essex, in the Behhif of themselves and other Freeholders, of the said County, was read; Setting forth, '

-That, at the late. Election of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the said County, the Right honourable Lord Waltham, John Luther, and John ConyersJ- Ei-quires, were Candidates; and that, on Friday the 14th Day of Qffvber 1774, being the Pay appointed by the Proclamation for holding the County Court, and for the said Election, the Freeholders of the said County were afleiftbled at- Chelmsford, in great Numbers, for the , {kid Purpose*; by Eight, of the Clock of the Forenoon, and before; and that the High Sheriff of the said County did npt appear to, open, the County Court, nor proceed in the said Election at the Time prescribed by Law for that Purpose; nor was the Court opened, or the King's Writ)read, till within Half an Hour of One of the Clock: ih.' the Afternoon of the said 14th Day of Q6lobery though the Act made and provided for that Purpose expressly directs that the Election shall begin -between the Hours of Eight and Eleven in the Forenoon;

American

Colonies.

428 70 — 8° Novetnbris. A. 1775.

noon; and that Inquiries were repeatedly made for the High Sheriff, of the Person who officiated as Deputy to die Under Sheriff; and that the said Deputy was given to understand, by Counsel, that it was necessary to proceed to the Business of the said Election, as the Time prescribed by the Statute expired at Eleven of the Clock; and that the said Deputy declared, that he had no Authority to open the Court, nor could the Election be proceeded on, before the Arrival of the High Sheriff; and that, upon the Arrival of the High Sheriff which was between the Hours of Twelve and One of the Clock of the (kid 14th Day of October, the King’s Writ was read, and the Court adjourned for Two Hours, at the Expiration of which Time the Candidates and Freeholders again appeared; but that the (kid High Sheriff, in an illegal and unprecedented Manner, adjourned the Court to the Monday following, without proceeding to take the Poll of a single Vote, without the Consent, and to the Prejudice of Lord Waltham, one of the Candidates, who, by himself and his Counsel, repeatedly protested against the Adjournment, to the great Injury and Expence of the Peti-titioners, and great Numbers of the Freeholders, who attended from distant Places for the aforesaid Purpose, and in open Violation of the Law in such Cases made and provided; and aho that the said Mr. Luther and Mr. Conyers, by themselves, or their Agents on their

Behalf, after the Dissolution of the late Parliament, and after the Vacancy in the said County, and previous to and during the Poll for the said County, did give, present, and allow, to the Freeholders of the said County, and to several Persons who had or claimed a Bight to vote in the Election for the said County, and to the said County in general. Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, or Provision, in order to procure them the said Mr. Luther and Mr. Conyers to be elected, and for being elected, to -serve in Parliament for the said County; and that, by these and other unlawful Praft ices, the said Mr. Luther and Mr. Cowyw procured themselves to be returned Representatives for the said County, in open Violation, or the Law, and die Right of Election, and to the great Injury of the Petitioners and others the* Freeholders and Electors of the said County: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give them such Relief as to the House shall leem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 16th Day of this Instant November, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections :or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were Cent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, , or Agents, at the Time on which the said Pe-c tition was ordered to be taken intb 'Consideration. . ... 1 .; ~.

- Ordered, That' Mr. Speaker-do issue -his Warrant, Or

: Warrants, for such Persons, -Papers, and'Records, as '(hall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

7 , 1 *' . .: i ' - r,f a

A Motion being made, and the Qfreftion being put, -That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address -toTIis Majesty, humbly requesting that' He will authorize the Commissioners, who- may be impowered to act in America {{or the gracious Purposes1 expressed in His Majesty’s Speech from the Throne) to receive Propofafls for Reconciliation from any general Convention, Cort-gtels, or other collective Body, that shall be found Tnoft perfectly to convey the Sermments of -one or more of the several Continental Colonies,-'suspectding all In-quhy into the.degaUor'illegal Foraife under -Which such

Colony or Colonies may be disposed to treat, as the most effectual Means to prevent the further Effusion of Blood, and to reconcile the Honour and permanent Interest of Great Britain with the Requisitions of His Majesty’s American Subjects;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Northern whole House, to consider of granting a Reward to such Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had-directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Novembris;

Anno 16® Georgri I IP" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

I7*R A NC IS Anthony Rougemont, and Anthony Ten Broeke, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Luttrell reported from the Committee, to whom Basingfakt the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Road*,

put in Execution art Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from -Jioke, through Popham Lane, Sutton, and Stock-

bridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and also for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the -

25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the 29th Year of King George the Second, was read. And,

Harry Harmood, Esquire, informed Your Committee,

That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing and amending the Roads leading from Basingstoke,

(through Popham Lane, Sutton, Scotney, and,

in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts', and have borrowed a considerable Sum' of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on that Part of the said Roads mentioned in the said Act.

And it appealed, by an Account produced to Your Committee, that upwards of £.4,000 dill remains due and unpaid.

And the Witness added, That the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and unless the Tertfi. and Powers thereof, so for as the feme relate to the said

Roads

16 Geo. III. 8

4*9

Roads from Bafwgfloke to Lobcomb Corner, are further paving the Streets and other Place?, in the Pari Hi of

enlarged, the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of lb much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the High Roads from Ba-' " fingfloke, through Popham Lane, Sutton, Scotney, and " Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place " called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and " also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse. over Wtyhill to Mullen's Pend, in the said u County of Southamptonas relates to the Roads from Bafngstoke to Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Luttrell, the Lord Irnham, Mr. A fry alt, and Captain Luttrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

[orflinm A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execu-

Roa tion an Act of Parliament made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from the Market House, in the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Waniham and Rufpar, in the said County of Sussex, and Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, Leatherhe\a, and Ashted, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey?"was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which Money now remains due; and that the Money borrowed, together writh the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in - repairing and widening the said Road; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and, unless the same is continued, and some further and greater Powers granted, the present Debt cannot be discharged, and the Road kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for making such Amendments and Alterations therein as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bslemann’j An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Peter Henry Bale-mann, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Moiling* An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Frederick Moiling *n<? , and John George Bindheifen, was read the Third Time.

*inNat.6"S Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John George Bindheifen.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Leonard, A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-

Shoreduch, cution an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present rrcets* Majesty’s Reign, for opening certain Passages* and for Vox.. 35.

Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Midd/fxi and for preventing Annoyances -therein, Was presented to the House, 'and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the grtrateft Part of the Streets and- Other Places within the said Parish to be paved and repaired, but find that the Motley authorized to be borrowed by the said Act is Snfufficidnt for answering-the Purposes thereby intended; and the said Act has, in several other Respects, been found ‘ ineffectual; and alledging, that a small Part of a certain Lane called Hog Lane, directed by the said ACt‘to be paved and repaired, is found to be within the Liberty of Norton 'FrJgate, in the said County of Middlesex, and not within the said' Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, by reafori whereof Doubts have arilen, whether the said Act empowers the Petitioners to pave such Part of the said Lane as lies out of the said Parish; and it Would be advantageous' to the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Lane which lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, if the paving thereof was put under the Direction of the Peti-' tioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Act, and for enabling the Petitioners to borrow ar further Sum of Money to complete the several Pur-pbfes thereby intended, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MackwortJi, Mr. Whit* worth, See.: And they are to meet lb-morrow Morning, at Nine the--Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re*

COids- jv

Mr. James Grenville puefented to 'the House, accord- Ldrd Chrt’s, ing to Order, a Bill to Citable the-l?ight honourable (^if^tion Robert Craggs Lord Viscount*Vlarex4!Lnd the Right ho- Bill, nourable Welbore Ellis, to take, in "Great Britain, the Oath of Ofhcc, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify them-feives for the Enjoyment of the..laid Olftces: And the same was received; and read the Fifth Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Sc&snd Time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Rifcrefled Majesty’s Gaol of Chelmsford, Ejj’ex, was ^relented to ^ei>t°rs' the House, and read; Complaining of tifelr Distrcl^^ and praying Relief. .;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. MackwortJi, according to Order, reported from stortbem the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of granting a Reward to such covvry' Person or Persons, His Majesty’s Subjects, as shall dif- -cover a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, and also to such Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Discovery of a Northern Passage from Europe to the West and Southern Ocean of America, upon any Meridian whatsoever, w'ould be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Trade of this kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That in order to encourage Adventurers to attempt the said Discovery, a public Reward should be given, not only to such Person or Persons as shall make a perfect Dii-5 R covcrV

4

430 Novembris. A. 1775.

eovery of the said Passage, but also to the Owners of such Vessels as shall penetrate to the North Pole.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage Adventurers to make Discovery of a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and ‘Southern Ocean of Ameupon any Meridian whatsoever; and also to give a Ratable Reward to such Person or Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole: And that Mr. Mackworth, Captain Captain

John Jione, Mr. Charles , Mr. Wolfeley, and Mr.

Craves, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

Malt, &c. A Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

haul’s A Petition of John William Paul, was presented to Nat. the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Whitworth and Sir Charles ,t do prepare,

and bring in the fame.

Southampton A Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the Town EJc&ion. of SoutHampton, having a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, though the Regulation and Government of the said Town is in the Mayor and Corporation, yet the Right of Election, or choosing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town, is vested in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot; and that the Honourable Charles , commonly called Lord Charles , the Right honourable Hans Stanley, and John , Esquire, offered

themselves Candidates, at the lad Election of Burgesses, to represent the said Town in Parliament, and Mr. Stanley znA Mr. Fleming were returned as duly elected; and that, though the Town of Southampton is governed by a Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and has a Sheriff* 01 its own, and the Sheriff of or County of

Southampton, has no Office to execute within the said Town, yet it has been usual, Time immemorial, for Persons having Freeholds there, to vote, in Right of such Freeholds, for Knights of the Shire, or County at large; and one Battalion of the Militia of or County at large, is annually trained and exercised within the Town of So which seem to imply that the said Town is (till a Part of the County at large, and not totally distinct or independent of the lame; and that the said Mi. Flemings when he offered himself a Candidate, and at the Time he was returned as a Burgess to represent the said Town in Parliament, was Sheriff of Hampshire, or the County of Southampton; and the Petitioners are informed, that all Sheriffs are difebled from being elected, not only by an ancient Resolution of the House, but by the express Letter of His Majesty’s Writ or Summons, directed to the Sheriffs, in which, the Petitioners observe, are the following remarkable Words, " Willing neverthelefe, that " neither you, nor any other Sheriff of this our said " Kingdom, be in any wise electedThe Petitioners H

therefore think themselves much aggrieved, and apprehend that the said Election and Return, so far as respects the said Mr. Fleming, is an undue Election and Return, and (latter themselves that the same will be deemed by the -House null and void; and hope that the Honourable Charles Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Montagu, will be permitted to fit in the House,

as one of the Burgesses for the said Town of Southampton, in the room of the (kid Mr. FlemingAnd therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, and have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Cois-sideration upon Friday the 9th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cates, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their.

Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or -Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, from' 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, b« referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar and Minorca, from. the 25th December 1775 to the 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, from 25th December 1773 to 24th December 1776, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Levy Money, for the Augmentation to His Majesty’s British and Irish Forces, for the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, from 1 ft September 1775 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 115 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar and Minorca, from the 25th of December 1775 to the 24th of December

i6 Gio. III. 8° — 10° Novembris. 4-31

her 1776, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1776, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Houfo resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ivetchester A Petition of James Corry and John on Behalf £k&ion. of themselves and others, being Inhabitants, House-holders, Parishioners, and Voters, within the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for Burgesses to feive in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Peregrine CuJI, William Richard Brown, and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, were Candidates; and that me Petitioners, as they conceive themselves to be legal Voters, and being in the Interest of Mr. Brown and Mr. Jones, did offer their Votes, but were receded and set aside by Christopher Lockyer, the Returning Officer, under Pretence of not being legal Voters, although at the same Time he accepted many Voters who claimed under the feme Right, and suffered others to vote whom the Petitioners conceive had no Right, who were in the Interest of Mr. Cust and Mr. Innes -, and that Money and Provisions were given, and Promises of Reward made, to many of the Voters, to influence them to vote for the said Peregrine Cust and William Innes, Esquires j by which undue Influence and Partiality, they were returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, to the raamfeft Prejudice of the Two un-returaed Candidates, and to the undoubted Rights of the free Voters in the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant fitch Relief therein as shall seem meet and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 24th Day of this Instant November, at the feme Time that the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo Wtltiam Jones, Esquires, is ordered to be

taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the tC>tH and nth Years of His present Majesty’s lleign., to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coixnfel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said , Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 10° dieNovembris;

Anno H>* Georgii IIItM Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

MR. Luttrell presented to the House, according Basingstoke to Order, a BiH for enlarging the Term and Roads. -Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth- Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Baftngstoke, through F* of ham " Lane, Sutton, Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the County " of Southampton, to a Place called,

" in the County of Wilts, and also for repairing and " widening the Road from Spittlehouse, over FF^eyhill,

" to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of ScnetAampton," as relates to the Roads from Basingjioke to Lobcmb Corner, in the County of Wilts t And the feme was received} and read the First Time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Buller (from the Commissioners for executing EAim»t«s the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great BritaintJ presented to the House, purliiant to their Addrefe to tvJ*

His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1776: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-builaings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in-His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1776.

And the Tides of the said Efti mates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate,

' are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 35,

ABSTRACT

43 2

io° Novembris.

A- 1775

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1776.

N°

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions and other Allowances

I- 5. d.

- - - 21,027 4 4

- - - 6,528 1 7

5 0

- - 3.640 11 4

3»287 16 0

- - - 6,106 10 0

2.434 8 6

4,928 11 2

— " — "

fChatham -

j. Deptford - -

6. \ , Woolwich -

7. / lards* \ Portsmouth-

8. Sheer ness -

9. J V. Plymouth - -

10. Muster Matter and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c. -

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary’ Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1776

To which may be added.

To the Governors of the Royal Hospital at , for the Support and Relief of

Seamen worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital for the Year 1776, Five thousand Pounds -

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1776, amounts to Four hundred Thirty-one thousand Nine Hundred and Four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence - -- iC-

£. J.

46,802 8 1

2 7.555 5 "

24,598 2 —

6,480 16 ri

42,529 6 —

18,815 15 — 40,45°-----

113,442-----

99,500-----

1,231 17 6

5*499 8 1

426,904 19 6

5,000-----

43I»9°4 19 6

Suc, T. Brett,

J. William,

W. Paim,

Geo. M,

R. Temple.

►w

o

t4

oo

VX

Navy Office, 7 th November, 17715-

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what maybe necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, in the Year 1776; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 31 ft part.

Place Where.

Deptford

ffao/zvich

Chatham

SI

D

cq‘‘

rH-

N' CD CL CT

i’iImtfs

o

o

O.

OOC

7t:

Gun*

74

64

20

64

Sloop

32

74

64

20

Sloop

74.

28

90

74

20 .

Sloop

90

64

Sloop

Ships Names.

CuUoden -Alexander - -

Alcide -

America -

Galatea -

New - -

New, of 300 Tons EqIms - -

Edgar -

R»£y - -

Daphne -

Grr« - - - -New, of 300 Tons Thunderer - -

Hujfar -

Formidable - -

Alfred -

Montagu -Camilla -

Ariadne -

Pegasus -Hamitr -

Polyphemus

Fly -

Beaver -

Nature of their Repair.

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - *

Building - -

To be built on the To be built on the Large Repair -

Building - -

Building - -

Building -

Building

Time whes may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand America's Slip Galatea's Slip In Hand -

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

To be built on the Daphne's Slip Large Repair -Middling Repair

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Large Repair -

Building - -.

Building'

Middling Repair

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand

In Hand -

Ftbmry next

Completed.

December next June 1777 -

Uncertain -July next -March next

April next -

Uncertain -September next March next -Uncertain -

June 1777 -

>*1777 -

December 1776 Uncertain _ -Uncertain -June next Uncertain -Uncertain. -March 1777

Uncertain -December next

Jmmat

Charge of their

\r-

Hnils. Marts, and Yards.

I-

2,30°

6.000

5.000

9.000 2*5°°

1.000

2.000

3.000

2.000 12,000

2,500

1.000

1.000

6.000

1.000

j 8,000 6,coo

4.000

3.000

1.000 800

8/500

4.000

2.000

1,500

Rigging and Stores.

5>5®°

500

6,336

2,707

2/000

4,37°

2,292

300

1,00a

5,800

1,500

500

3 00 200 1,000

500 I, COO

1,44?

T OTAl.

7,800

6.500

5.000 15>3S6

5>2°7

1.000 2,000 5,000

2,000

6,370

4»79z

1.300

1.000

7.000

1.000

23,800

7>5°°

4.000

3.500

1.300

1.000 . 9,000

4,500

5,000

2,547

Lk>

Os>

%6 Geo. III. 10° .

Portsmouth

Plymouth

90

74

64

Sloop

5°

Sloop

74

3

24

Saw/ George -Warrior - -

Lion -

Cygnet - -New -

New -

Terrible -

Arrogant - -

Thames - -

Garland - -

100

9°

64

5°

ao

60

.74

Royal Sovereign Duke -

Glory. - . -Anson -Medusa - -

New

Rippon - -

Defence - -

/stra - -

20 New -

— New -

Sloop New -

— New -

— New -

— New -

— New - -

— New -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

Building - -

To be built on the To be built on the Small Repair C Between a Small and 7 I Middling Repair 5 Between a Small and, ) I Middling Repair j CBetween a Middling 7 I and Great Repair j

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand -

w/’s Slip -'itnx's Slip -

In Hand -

March next - - -March next -In Hand -

Building -

Building -

Building -Building -Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Middling Repair -Middling Repair -Middling Repair -

In Hand -

In Hand - - -

In Hand - -

In Hand -

In Hand January next April next

Uncertain -Uncertain -

April next -May next -

March next -Uncertain -

Uncertain -

March next -

December 1779 - -

December 1777 - -

December 1781 - -

December 1777 - -

March 1778 August 1777 - -

March next -

December next - -

March 1777 -

- £

Total King’s Yards -

5.000 10,000 11,850

1>593

2.000

2.000

3.700

5.000

1.000

1.000

2,992

2.37°

2.379

1,000

5° o

2.553

5,00a

10,000

14,842

3.965

2.000

2.000 6,079

6.000 1,503 3.553-

2.000 10,000

5.000

2.000

4.000

2.000 2,500

8.000

7.000

190,243

2,000

1,200

180

1,500

5 3.9 2 6

2.000 12,000

5.000

4.000

2.000

2.500 8,180

8.500

244,169

MERCHANTS YARDS.

"1 r 4,200 2,?00 7, Qoo

4,200 2,800 7,000

3.000 2,200 5,200

! Ordered to be built 3,000. 2,200 5,200

3,000 2,i00 5,200

3,000 2,200 5,200

3,000 2,200 5,200

4 3,000 2,200 5,200

Total Merchant Yards - £. 26,400 18,800 45,200

r Grand Total for the Ship* - , - £. 216,643 72,726 289,369

..... ——

434 16° Novembris.; A. 1

Ordered,

Dipl feed

-.Oo

V ortfmonth

Plymouth

-..... - On Works of the Yards*

To complete the New Mast Pond -

To carry on the Works of the Old North Dock ——

To'make the Southernmost Slip of the Two proposed to be made on the New Ground -

To. continue the Marine Barracks for Privates ——

To make a Dam athwart the Canal leading to the Boat Houses ——

To carry on about 250 Feet of Stone Wharf in the said Canal - - r -

To complete the Foundation and Masonry of the East Wharf at the Camber - —

Towards building 200 Feet in Length of the West Wall of the Mast Pond ——

Towards building 250 Feet in Length of the Wharf Wall in the South Channel - -

To complete the new North West Storehouse -

To complete a Wharf for landing of Furze near the new Mast Houses -

Towards building a new Smith’s Shop with Coal Yard, Measurr’s, Boatswain’s, and Matter Smith’s Offices, on the New Ground Towards building a Wharf Wall between the Furze and Hemp Wharf . To building 60 Feet in Length of the Passage between the new Mast Houses, for conveying Masts to and from the Pond Towards completing a Tar House for the Sail Makers and an Office for the Matter’s Attendant, connected in One Building

Total

Grand Total -

£ l 576

w

10,274 9

4,5*7 *

1 561 V-H

1 1,296

§1

843 r

1,10 7 iM

1 350 - €r; 0

jr.\ 49,782 i

£-\ 339>15l §

ABSTRACT:

Hulls 190,243'

,"Rigging arid Stores 53>926

Hulls 26,400

Rigging and Stores i8,8co

Towards the Improvements in the- Yards

244,169

45,l°o

49,782

Grand Total - £.

Viz.

339j1 5l

St.

'-i

The Sum of Three hundred Thirty-nine thousand One hundred and Fifty-one rounds.

M". Suckling, J. Williams,

Gea. Marsh, IV. Palmer,

T. Brett, R. Temple*

- %

4*

,0*

V*

m

4\6 10° Noiembris. A.

Ordered, That the said Eftiinatcs do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

East Ordered, That Mr* Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Gnnstead the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinstead, in the County of Su]}'ex> in die Room of the Right honourable George Germain, commonly called Lord George Germain, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Supply. Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were read, and are as followed!; viz*

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Three thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Invalids, amounting to Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-nine thousand Two hundred Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence and Seven-eighth Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twenty thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Twenty-three thousand Four hundred and Thirty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons, in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, the Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand Five hundred and Thirty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the Brt~ tish and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Six Regiments of Foot, serving in North America, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Five hundred and Five Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Four thousand One hundred and Thirty-six Pounds and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Levy Money, for the Augmentation to His Majesty’s British and Irish Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand and Seventy-two Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty (out of the Monies, or Savings, remaining of the Grants in the last Session of Parliament, for j8

the Charge of art Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, and for the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation to Major General Preston's Regiment of Light Dragoons) towards defraying the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation to His Majesty’s British and Irish Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy fix.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, from the First Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, to the Twenty-fourth £)ay of December following, both inclusive, being One hundred and Fifteen Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Forty-six thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds One« Shilling and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Hanoverian Battalions of Foot, at Gibraltar and Minorca, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six*

Resolved, That it is the Opirlioh Of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Forty nine thousand Six hundred and Fifty*five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Penjcc, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is' tile Opinion Of this Cortimittee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-three thousand One hundred Seventy*one ’ Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five*

The Five First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto by leaving out the Words ^One hundred and Four thousand One hundred and Thirty-six Pounds and Six Shillings," and inferring the Words Eighty-nine thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings,0 instead thereof;

And the Question being put. That the= W'ords One hundred and Four thousand One hundred and Thirty-six Pounds and Six Shillings" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words Eighty-nine thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a Sunij not exceeding Eighty-nine thousand and Sixty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Levy Money, for the Augmentation to His Majesty’s British and Irish Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six*

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Dclcnnjwi. the Lord Barrington and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Seton, on Behalf of the honours Damhartoa

blc Eleife.

if

bie

in

un

b

M

M

<k

H

t!

P

16 Geo. III. to9 Novembris. 43

ble George Keith Elphinftone, who petitioned this House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet, for the County of the said

Mr. Elphinjlonebeing now abroad, as a Captain in His Majesty’s Navy, but expected to return in a few Days, deliring such Relief for the said Mr. Elphinfione as the House shall think fit; being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House was moved, That so much of the Order, made upon Friday the 27th Day of last, as

directs, "That all Persons who will question any Return of Members to serve in Parliament, do question " the same within Fourteen Days, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought " in," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved. That the Entry in the Journals of this House,-of the 3 th Day of December 1747, of the Proceedings of the House, with respect to allowing further Time to Matthew Michell, Esquire, to deliver in an Account, in Writing, of his Qualification, pursuant to the Standing Orders of this House (the said Mr. Michell being then at Sea in his Majesty’s Service) might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The laid Motion was, with Leave of the House, with-' drawn.

And the House being informed, That John Seton, Agenjt to the Honourable George Keith , who

petitioned this House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining of an undue Filed ion and Return of Sir Archibald Edmonfione, Baronet, for the County of Dumbarton, attended; and that the said John Seton could give Information to the House touching the Intention of the said George Keith Elphinstone to renew his Petition in this Session of Parliament, and of the Time of his going to Sea, and of his being now abroad in His Majesty’s Service;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said John Seton be called to the Bar, to be examined;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Honourable George Keith Elphinstone be allowed Fourteen Days more, from this Day, to present his Petition to this House, complaining of the Election and Return of Sir Archibald Edmonfione, Baronet j the said George Keith Elphinstone being now at Sea, in His Majesty’s Service;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } «

t- 11 c 11 xt f Lord Frederick ,>

Tellers for the Noes, \ 70.

So it passed in the Negative.

Thorpe Maifor A Petition of Thomas Esquire, Lord

Jndofure. ^jie fylanor of Thorpe Major, in the County of Northampton, and principal Proprietor of Lands in the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the said Manor and Parish of Thorpe Malfor, and of the Reverend John Hill, Doctor of Laws, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Thorpe Major aforesaid, and of other Proprietors of Lands in the said Common and Open Fields, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Common and Open Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of all Persons interested therein, if the Yoi,. 2^.

lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may 'be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-foant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that IVlr.

Powys, Mr. Knightley, and Sir George Rtbinfon, do prepare, and bring in, the iamV

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Electionaland Returns, being delivered in at the Table; the same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; vise.

A Petition of Sir Alexander Gilmour, Baronet, was read $ Stirling Setting forth. That, at the last Election of a Member Ele&iqo. to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dumfermline, Culrofs, and ferry, held at Dumfermline, the presiding Borough, ora Monday the 31st Day of October 1774, the Petitioner and Archibald Campbell, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Commissioners attended from all the Boroughs of the District, and produced their Commissions; and that, besides the said Commissioners, John Wilson, Junior, the Commissioner" duly elected for the Borouglx of Dumfermline, Sebastian Swinton, Senior, the Commissioner duly elected for the Borough of 9

and James Bunkell, pretending to be Commissioner for the Borough of Queensferry, attended at the said Election, and claimed to vote for the Member of Parliament; and that the Commissioners for the Boroughs of Stirling and Queensferry, and John fVilfon and SebaJHart Swinton, Senior, the Commissioners duly elected for the Boroughs of Dumfermline and Inverkeithing, voted, for the Petitioner; and the pretended Commissioners for the other Boroughs, together with the said James Bunkell, voted for the said Archibald Campbell, and He is returned by the Sheriff, in wrong to the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes; and that the Election of the said Archibald Campbell was brought about by Bribery, Corruption, and undue Influence, and is liable to sundry other Objections, whereby He is rendered incapable of fitting in Parliament; And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 13 th Day of Febrmry next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts-, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of James Francis Erjhine, Esquire, was Edinburgh, read; Setting forth. That, at the last Ele<Stion for a Elc&ion. Representative to serve in Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet, James

dart, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that Sir Lawrence Dundas and James by

undue Influence and illegal Pradtces, obtained an apparent Majority of Votes; but the Petitioner, as he apprehends, had a Majority of legal Votes , and that, notwithstanding thereof, and that the said Sir JLatvrence Dundas was and is incapable and disqualified to fit in Parliament, the returning Officer improperly and illegally returned the said Sir Lawrence Dundas as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation

T

43 S

of the Right of Election: Aqd therefore praying the Hpufe, to take the Premises under Consideration, and to permit him to be hdard thereon, by his Counsel, 2nd give hint such Red refs as to the House Hi all seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Wednesday the 6th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum*:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the i oth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Confederation.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for fuph Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Adjournment. . Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

King’s A Petition of several Persons interested in, and en-

Scdgmoor titled to, Right of Common upon a Tract of Moor, nc o ure. Qr \yafte Ground, commonly called Kings Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Tract of Ground, consisting of many Thousand Acres, is, in its present State, of very little Value, being subject to be overflowed; and that the same is capable of great Improvement, by being properly drained; and that it would also be of great Advantage to the Petitioners and others interested therein, if the same was divided and inclosed, and allotted to the several Persons having Right of Common thereon: And therefore praying. That lieave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the Hotife shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Coxe and Mr. John St. John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

St. Germans Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wnt. the C|crk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the clefting of a Burgess to serve In this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward Eliot, Esquire, who, finCe his Election for the faicj Borough, hath accqrted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three ‘Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcjborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

New cattle Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com-'mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Perfoqs Roads. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 22d Yfear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Road from The West Cow gate, near the Town of " Newcastle upon Tyne, through, the West End of Kenton, " Pont Elajui, Higliam Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfayi Mill, " and South Middleton, to the North Side of the-River ~<x Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland,\’ was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found'that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of A,pr'd 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not b^en complied 'with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the same, as it appeared to them.

A- P775-

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and aftewards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow’eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, by which it appeared that the same will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament. Then,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Money raised under the Act, whereby it appeared that the Sum of £. 2,600 is now remaining due of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Act, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest; and that the Road is likewise in Debt for Materials and Wages about One hundred Pounds, and that some small Regulations are necessary for the better Preservation of the Road.

A Member present informed your Committee, That the said Road is much frequented* and of great public Utility.

A Petition of Sir Walter Blackett, Baronet, on Behalf Ditto, of himself and the other Mortgagees under an Act, passed -in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from The West Cowgate, near the Town of Newccfde upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, and other Places, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberlandwas presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there is now due, to the Petitioner and others, the Sum of Two thousand and Six hundred Pounds, Part of the Money advanced on Mortgage of the Tolls granted by the said Act, for the Purpose of making and supporting the said Turnpike Road, together with an Arrear of Interest; and that the Term of the said Act, together with an additional Term of Five Years granted in the same Reign by the Public Broad Wheel Act, will expire the last Day of this Session of Parliament, whereupon the Tolls will cease, and the Mortgagees be without any Security, unless the said Act be continued; and that the Petitioner is informed, that the Trustees have petitioned the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill, tQ enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act; but that they have neglected to give the Notices prescribed by the Standing Orders made by the House in 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills; and that the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Part of the said £.2,600, is the proper Money and Estate of the Public Infirmary in Newcastle, placed out on Mortgage of the Tolls for the Benefitjof the Charity: And therefore praying the House, that, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances, as above stated, the said Standing Orders may in this same be dispensed with; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill as prayed for by the said Trustees.

Ordered, That l^eave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road: from " The West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upcn <c Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland,

" High am Dykes, Newham Edge, B elf.ay Mill, and South " Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck,

" in the County of NorthumberlandAnd that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir William . Middleton, and Sir Thomas Clavering,* do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, pursuant to the Militia Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies oi several Returns of the Militia, at the Time of the Annual Exercise. in the Year 177 v

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to b^perused by the Members of theifoufe.

-The

10° Novembris.

N

16 Geo. III. 10° — 13°

The faitl Papers are. preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sessioa.

Malt. Ate. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

- . Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 15th Day of March 1776, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1774, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1776.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the,. Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

*[>>» Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday *n Meant. ^/jorn^jg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till* Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunay 130 die;

Anno 169 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

cttOHN Martin Fifes took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

Westminster The House being informed, That Mr. Seddon, from Bridge. ^he Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of to the opposite

Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfilant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 13th Day of December 1774 to the 7th Day of November 1775, inclu,-five: And also.

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the loth Day of October 1774 to the 10th Day of October 1775; together with a Rent Roll, and an Account of Bridge Rents received, from the 5th of July 1774 to the 5th of July

' *77 5-

And then he withdrew;

Novetnbris. 4-39

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said.^ Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for’ naturalizing Francis Anthony Roztgemont, Ro.igemont’* was read a Second Time. *)4U

B.efolved, That the Bill be cofnmitted tq Mr. JE/zues,

Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broehe, was read Broeke* a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. E/voes,

Mr. Whitworth, &c.': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for naturalizing John Martin Fujhs, was read, a Fufhs* Second Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Mr. Gray, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Claes Grill, was presented to the Paul and

House, and read j Setting forth, That a Petition has On1*’*

been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Nkt‘

Bill for naturalizing John William Paul: And therefore praying. That the Name of the Petitioner Claes Grill may be inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of John il/iam Paul, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for naturalizing the Petitioner Claes Grill.

Ordered That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report Malt, tea from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was committed.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee hftd made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the -Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the k

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for pitting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from the Market Home in the Borough of Horsham, in the County of , through the Parishes of Warnham and Rujper, in the said County of Sussex, and Capell, , jSdickleham,

Leatherltead, and Ashted, to the Watch House in Eb-

bisham, in the County of Surrey*, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that tire Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition > and had di reded him to report the fame, as i t appeared tq them* to the House: and he read the Report in hia

Place,

A

440 130 Novemb. A. 1775.

Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; 'viz. *

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Thomas Hart., the Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, laid. That there is now due upon the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of 10,75©, together with ah An ear of Interest of Two Years and an Half, at £ 4 PerCent, which Money has been duly applied in the Repair of the Roads.

That the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and that unless it is further continued, and the Tolls increased, and some further Powers and Authorities given to the Trustees, the present Debt cannot be paid off, and the Roads kept in Repair.

And the Witness further aid. That the Payment of the Tolls have been frequently evaded, and that in order to prevent the same for the future, it will be necessary to shut up a Lane called Gravel Lane, in the Parish of Leatherhead, and also occasionally to shut up a Lane called Parsonage , in the said Parish, and that the Shutting up the said Lanes will be no Inconvenience to the Public.

That the Tolls will be better, and more easily collected, if Power was given to remove the present Side Gate in the Parish of in to the End

of a Lane called Friday Street, near the present Turnpike Road.

That the Trustees propose, for the better Accommodation of Travellers, to shorten the Road in the Parish of Warnham, by making the same in a more direct Line

through Part of a Lane called New Lane, over certain Lands, to a Bridge called Slaughter Bridge, which will be a Saving of near Half a Mile in the Course of One Mile.

John Aldridge, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch . House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey: And that Sir Joseph Colonel Molyneux, and Mr. Scaweti, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bonsall, A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Devonshire, arc. the Right honourable Nathaniel Lord Scarjdale, and

fndourc. ^e humble Petition of Philip Gell, Esquire, Peter Nightingale, Esquire, Adam Gentleman,

Twigge, Gentleman, George Evans, Gentleman, and others, Freeholders and Copyholders of certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of Bonsall, Wirksworth, and Matlock, in- the County of Derby, called Bonsall Moor, The Bonsall over Dale, The Grange Dale, The Ball Ley or Ball Eye, Ible Moor, and Majfon Common, containing together 1,050 Acres, or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth, That, if the said Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, were divided and inclosed amongst the Owners of Freehold and Copyhold Messuages and Lands in Bonsall, Ivenbrooke, Grange, and Ible, in the said County, and if the said Common called Majfon Common was divided between the Proprietors of Freehold and Copyhold Messuages and Lands in Bonsall, and the Proprietors of Freehold and Copyhold Messuages and Lands in Matlock, and if such Part thereof, as shall be adjudged to belong to the Owners of Messuages and Lands in Bonsall, was divided and iftdofed, it would greatly improve the Estates and Properties of the Petitioners: -And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Game That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain Ap- (Scotland.) prentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the' Yeas, , } J*

Telle, for, he } 3°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir George Suttie, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Cosmo Gordon, and Sir Adam Fergujfon, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there- °dcl unto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise Incl°*ur* interested in the several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Commons or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Odd, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ongley and the Earl of Upper OJfory do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John St. John presented to the House, according king’s to Order, a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, |ed^a°r King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset: And the nc ure‘ same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *n"" cans* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The . House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robinson took the Chair of the Committee.

( Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robinson reported from the Committee, That they had . come to a Resolution; which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Robinson also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifilie his Warrant to WefW*i,»J the*-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve

in

J

y

16 Geo. III. 130 — 14® — 15® 441

in this present Parliament, for the County of

land, in the room of Sir James Baronet, who,

being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of and also

a Knight of the Shire for the said County of

land, hath made his Election to serve for the said County of Cumberland.

Army; The Lord Barrington presented to the House, ac-

Mutiny cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and De-

Delerion ^ert'on» ar>d for the better Payment of the Army and

their Quarters: Aftd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Militia. Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain,

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, i if Novembris \

Anno 16® Georgii IIP" Regis, 177$. Prayers.

Jetersfield' HP H E Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-ElelUon. X tion the Petition of the Honourable John Luttrell, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet, and Jolliffe, Esquire, for the Borough of Peterbeing come j The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buli-jiels of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 76 Members only being found to be present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, I5* die;

Anno 16® Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

Dirt0. rT' H E Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-JL tion the Petition of the Honourable John complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Vox.. 35.

Abraham Hume, Baronet, and William Jolliffe, Esqvnre, for the Borough of Petersfield, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 122 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides- were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Cleric was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking, the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read t>

Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present-, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Thomas Former Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused. from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable Thomas being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House;

One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election; and the other, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified on Oath,

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete; Lists of the said Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.'

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Honourable George , Lord of

the Manor of Noblon, in the County of Lincoln^ Patron of the Parish Church thereof. Impropriator of the Great Tythes, and Owner of almost all the Lands, within the said Parish, and of the Reverend Peregrine Harrijfon Vicar of the said Parish, and Owner, in Right of his Vicarage, of all the remaining Lands within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Parish, several Parcels of Open, Uninclosed, Arable Heath Land, Commons, and Fen Grounds, containing 4500 A.cres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are not capable of Improvement; and that, if the same were divided- and inclosed, it would improve the Estates of

5 U

4415 Nov 17 7 5*

the Petitioners, and be of Advantage to the Public; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Arable 1 ieath Land, Commons, and Fen Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fiiant to the Prayer q£-. the said Petition: And that Mr. Pelham and Lord Brownlvw Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Patti’s Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing John William Paul and a Claes Grill: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newcastle Sir Matthew White presented to the House, uj>on Tyne, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term R^ad ar|d Powers of an Act, paflijd in -the 22d Year of the Reign of hi- late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Road from The West Cowgate, near " the Town of Nezvca/lle upon ,through the West " JEnd of Kenton, Pont Elands IJigham , Newham " Edge, BelJ'ay Mill, and South , to the North

" Side of the River Wain the County of -

" thumberlandAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sec, An ingrafted Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and ' Perry, for the Service of the Year One <thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the*. Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His JVfa-jesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service or the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. Leonard Mr. Maekworth reported from the Committee, to whom Shoreditch the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution btreets. an made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’* Reign, for opening certain Passages, -and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of and for preventing

Annoyances therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Commissioners are restrained from borrowing a greater Sum than £. 14,000; and* that a certain Lane, called Hog Lane, i? therein described as being in the said Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch. And,

Mr. Richard Rutfon, being examined, said, The Commissioners have made a very considerable Progress in putting the said Act in Execution; for which Purpose they have borrowed the Sum of 13,900, about £. 13,600, of which has already been.expended; that the said Lane called Hog Lane still remains unpaved, and Hart of the same is found to be in the Liberty of Norton Falgate, and beyond the Limits of the said Parish; that it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants, and of public Utility’, if the said Lane v.n> paved, but the Commissioners do not think them-Lives authorized to pave the same by virtue of the said Act; that several other Works, directed by the said Act to be done, are not completed; and that it is necessary to raile a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and that the Commissioners, in putting the said 16

Act in Execution, find the Powers thereby granted, in Ibme respects defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falcate, in the said County: And that Mr. Maekworth and Mr. Charles Mellish do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of lo BasingQokt much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of Roads, the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " High Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham,

" Sutton, Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the County " of Southampton, to a Place called LoLcomb,

" in the County of Witts, and also for repairing.

" and widening the Road from Spittlehouse, over " hill, to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of Southampton," as relates to the Roads from Bajhigstoke to hobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Temple Luttrell, Mr. Elwes, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Fuflis* the Bill for naturalizing John Martin was com- Nat.

mitted; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment ;, And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Broeke’* the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broeke, was com- Nat. mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table

Ordered, That the Bill be ingross’cd.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Rongemont’s the Bill for naturalizing Francis Anthony was Nat.

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that the several Persons, EfT-x whole Names are liiblcribed to a Petition, being Elec- Election, tors and Freeholders of the County of EJJ'ex, in the Behalf of themselves and other Freeholders of the said County, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue E;eftion and Return for the said County, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 7 th Day of this Instant November, for taking the said Petition into Consideration Tomorrow, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Effc* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for "nU the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present

16 Geo. Ilf* 15° Novembn. 443

present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room

of John Conyers, Esquirej deceased.

Standing Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, Order*. who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relating to Private Bills, which were made in the last Session of the last Parliament, and to re]x>rt the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the same accordingly, and had come to federal Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and, he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, that the said Orders relate principally to previous Notices to be given in the re-ipeftive Counties, of Applications intended to be made to this House, for Bills for inclosing, draining, or improving Lands or Commons; Bills for making navigable Canals, or for making or improving the Navigation of Rivers; and to Bills for making Turnpike Roads, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose.

Your Committee fee great Utility to arise from previous Notices to be given in the Country, of such in-, tended Applications, in order that Persons interested may have an Opportunity at their Leisure of examining into the Propriety of, and Advantages to be derived from such Bills, and may come prepared to offer their Objections or Amendments.

Many Members of your Committee cannot but remember the great Inconveniencies which were felt, and much complained of, before the making of these Orders; Persons residing at a Distance had their Estates cut thropgh by a Canal, or were put to great Expences lor an Inclosure, almost without any Notice at all, or at least too late to have an Opportunity of considering the Proposition maturely, and of laying their Observations upon such Bills before Parliament with Effect; and for thele Reaions, your Committee have been of Opinion, that the said Orders are highly necessary, and ought to be strictly observed.

Your Committee beg Leave to suggest to the House, that if the Resolutions agreed to by-them should be adopted by the House, it would be expedient that printed Copies of such Orders should be lent to the Sheriffs and Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties, and to the Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities and Towns, to be published by them for the Information of Persons intending hereafter to make such Applications.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25 th Day of April 1774, "That, after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition is presented to this " House, for inclosing, draining, or improving any " Lands, Fens, or Commons, a printed or written " Notice of such intended Application to Parliament be " affixed on the Church Door of the Parish, or Parishes, " in which such Lands, Fens, and Commons do lie, " for Three Sundays in the Months of and Sep-

" tember, or either of them, immediately preceding the " Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be " presented," be adhered to.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th Day of April 1774, " That after this Session of Parliament, in all Bills for inclosing Lands or Commons, " the Names of the Commissioners proposed to be " appointed, and the Compensations intended for the M Lord of the Manor and the Owners of Tythes, in " lieu of their respective Rights, where any Bargains f‘ or Agreements have been made for such Compenla-Vot. 35.

" tions, be inserted in the Copy of the Bill presented to " the House; and that all Copies of such Bills, whether " printed or written, which shall be font to an of the " Persons interested in the said Manor, Tythes, Lands, " or Commons, for their Consent, do contain the Namh " of such proposed Commissioners, and also such. intended Compensations," be adhered to.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 2 5 th Day of April 1774, " That, after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition is presented to this House,

" for making a Turnpike Road, or for the Renewal or " Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that " Purpose, Notice of such intended Application to " Parliament be given, at the General Quarter Sessions " of the Peace, which shall be held for every arid each " County or District through which such Road palles,

" or is intended to pals, it the Michaelmas immediately " preceding the Session of Parliament in which such.

" Petition is to be presented," be adhered to.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of thq House of the said 2. 5 th. Day of April 1774, "That this Notice be given, L>y " affixing to the Door of the Sessions House, where " such General Quarter Sessions are held, a printed or " written Paper, describing the Parishes, through which " the said Road passes, or is intended to pals; and that " such Notice be allb printed in tome one News Pap>er " of the County, or, if there is no such Paper printed " for that County, then in the'News Paper of some near " or adjoining. County, Three Times at least, in the " Months of August and September, or either of them,

" immediately preceding the Session of Parliament irx " which such Petition is to be presented," be adhered to.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 2.5 th Day of April 1774, " That after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition is presented to this Hocafe, " for making a Navigable Canal, or for making or irnproving the Navigation of a River, or for altering any Act of Parliament passed for either of those Purposes, " thorebe presented with such Petition a Plan describing the Line of such intended Canal or Navigation, " and the Lands through which the same is to be carried; and that previous Application be made to the " Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, for their ^VlTent " to the proposed Canal or Navigation; and that £eparate Lists of the Names of such Owners and Occu-. " piers be presented also with the said Petition, distinguishing which of them, on such Application, have " assentea to, or dissented from the said proposed " Canal or Navigation, or are neuter in respect thereto," be adhered to.

Rejoived, That it is she Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 2.5th Day of April 1774, " That after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition is presented to this House,

" for making a Navigable Canal, or for making or " improving the Navigation of a River, or for making " a new Turnpike Road, or for railing any further " Sum of Money for any of those Purposes, there be " annexed to the said Petition an Estimate of the proposed Expence of such Undertaking, ligned by the " Person or Persons making the same, together -with an " Account of the Money subscribed for currying the " said Work into Execution, and the Names 01 the " Subscribers, with the Sums respectively subscribed by " them," be adhered to.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th Day of April, " That, after this Session of Parliament, " in all Bills for making a Navigable Canal, or for " making or improving the Navigation of a River, or " for making a new Turnpike Road, there he inserted a " Clause, compelling the Subscribers for carrying

444 15° Novembris.

" any such Work into Execution to make Payment of " the Sums t'eserally l’ubfcished by them," be adhered to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th Day of April, " That, after this Session of Parliament, " when any Petition for a Canal, Navigation, or Turn- pike Hoad, or for renewing or altering any Act of " Parliament passed for any of those Purposes, or for " inclosing, draining, or improving, any Lands, Fens, " or Commons, hath been presented to this House, the " Committee to whom the said Petition shall be referred, " or, in case such Petition shall be referred to a " Committee, then the Committee to whom the Bill for those Purposes shall be committed, do examine, in the first Place, how for the Orders contained in the " Six Resolutions first reported from the Committee, as " agreed to by this House, have been complied with $ " and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the " Evidence, upon such Examination, to the House, on " the Report of such Petition or Bill," be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when any Petition for a Canal, Navigation, or Turnpike Road, or for renewing or altering any Act of Parliament passed for any of those Purposes, or for inclosing, ’draining, or improving any Lands, Fens, or Commons, hath been presented to this House, the Committee to whom the said Petition shall be referred, or, in case such Petition shall not be referred to a Committee, then the Committee to whom the Bill for those Purposes shall be committed, do examine, in the first Place, how far the Orders contained in the Six Resolutions first reported from the Committee, as agreed to by this House, have been complied with; and the Chairman of such Committee shall report the same to the House, on the Report of such Petition or Bill.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 27th Day of April 1774, " That, after this Session of Parliament, in all Bills for Inclosures, there . be inserted a Clause, compelling the Commissioners to account " for all Monies by them laid out and assessTed on the " Parties concerned in the said Inclosures," be adhered to.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Indemnity A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have advised His Bill Majesty to send to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Tito"* Mahon1, a Part of the Electoral Troops of,

irops. during the Recess of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it n was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foJ-loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1776, upon l,ands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Hales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; And that Sir Grey Cooper, the Lord,

Mr. Charles Town/kend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. CornT

wall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Robinson, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Array; the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, ^minjr was read a Second Time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Estimate Majesty’s Command, presented;

Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Highlanders, rrt‘* consisting of Two Battalions, to be raised for the Year

1776*

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Hig, consisting of Two Battalions, to be raised

for the Year 1776.

- - . - _ -A Numbers. Charge.

Major General Fra/er's Regiment of Highlanders, Two Battalions, from 25th December 1775 to 24th December 1776, both inclusive, being 366 Days Levy Money for 2,124 Men, at £.&. per Man - 2,298 £. s. d. 41,028 12 — 6,372

Total - £- 47,400 12 — t

War Office,

15 November 1775. Barrington.

isj

4

16 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fetersfield The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being fckftion. 3^^ returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a hew Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Bomber Gascoyne, Esquire, and the Honourable

Thomas Howard, being added, the same was called over} and is as follows:

The Earl of Tyrcomiel, Charles , Esquire, the Earl Verney, John Elwes, Esquire, Sir Henry Baronet, HughBofcawen, Esquire, Lord Viscount Pal-merfion, Thomas More Mo Esquire, Drake,

junior, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Hyde,

Benjamin Langlois, Esquire, Sir William Bagot, Baronet, George Bridges Brudenell, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Howard.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable John Lunow taken into Consider-

ation, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Militia. Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to call out and afleinble the Militia^ in all Cases of Rebellion, in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Cothmittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

4*45

ing next, resolve itself into a'Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the fclefting of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the County of Sorrier Jet in, the room of John Smith, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock*

i- ——

jFovtS) .1 66 die Novembr;

Anno 16° Georgia III1" Regis, 1775.

PkAYEftS.

*jtO HN William Paul and Claes Grill took the Oaths J appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Elwes, from the Select Committee who were Petmfiekl

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- Electiorv

tition of the Honourable John Luttrell, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Fetersfield, in the County of Southampton, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet, is duly electLed a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton -

And also. That the said Committee have determined,

That William Jollife, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said.

Borough of Petersfield.

And the said Determinations were ordered to L>e entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Ijis Warrant to Peebj the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in the room of *4. Ham Hay, Esquire, deceased.

150 — 16° N*

Kota Scotia. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according Noithem

a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Order, a Bill to encourage Adventurers to make Dif-

Letter communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker, covery of a. Northern Passage from Europe to the Discovery.

upon the 26th Day of October last, dated Halifax, Nova Western and Southern Ocean of America, upon any Scotia, July 4, 1775, and signed " W* Nesbitt, Speaker," Meridian whatsoever, and also to give a suitable Reward together with a Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " The to such Person or Persons as shall penetrate to the North " Address. Petition, and Memorial, of the Representa- Pole: And the same was received; and read the First " tives of the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Time.

M Scotia, in General Assembly." Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according to

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an streets.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His they had made a Progress in the Matter to them refer- present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for red; and that he was directed by the Committee to paving the Streets and other Places, in the Partfh of move, that they may have Leave to fit again. Saint , Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whple the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called House, to consider further of the said Letter and Paper. Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate,

in the said County: And the same was received; and The other Orders of the Day being read; read the First Time.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif- A Petition of and Nis e*

ing the Supply granted to His Majesty. d was presented to the House, and read; Praying, jsnrrcn'a

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Nat. Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Naturalization.

Vol. 35. £ X Ordered,

Chatkam

Road.

/Brou«tam inclosure.

Hawarden

Inclosure.

446 16° Novembris. . A. 1775.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pennant, Mr. Comptroller of the Household, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament of the 3rd and 17th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of which lies

next the City of Rochester, to Saint near

the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and of several other Gentlemen of that Part of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That several Sums of- Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which, with the Tolls, have been duly applied; and that there is now owing on the Credit of the said Acts a considerable, Sum of Money, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted are continued and enlarged; and representing to the House, that the Road branching out of, and leading from, the said Road, at or near a Place called Mackenade Corner, over Old Wives Lees to Cross and Shalms-

ford Lane End, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may lie given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said , Acts, and for making such Provision for repairing the said last mentioned Road as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Knight, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they am to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Parish of,

in the Gountyof Westmoretand, or otherwise, are entitled

to Right of Common or other Right, upon certain Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, called or known by the Name of Brougham Moor, and other Waste Grounds within the said Parish; and that, if the said Commons and Waste Grounds were divided and in-dosed into specific Allotments, the Edatesand Intereds of the Petitioners and others intereded therein, would be very considerahly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for divi-ing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, under such Rules, Regulations, and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Michael le Fleming-and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of Sir John Glynne, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Haivarden, in the County of the Reverend Stephen Glynne, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Hawarden, and several others. Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands in the said Lordship and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, from which they claim a Right of Commoning on a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, within the said Lordship and Pari fh, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Common contains about 2,000 Acres of rich Padure Land; and that, by an Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty, to recover and preserve the Navigation of the River. Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, the Undertakers therein named did, by vir-20

tue of the Powers thereby granted, cause the said Channel to be turned through the Middle of the said Marsh, and made the said River navigable through the same; in consequence whereof, and for want ot proper Sea Banks and Fences being made, the then Commissioners were apprehendve that the said Common, on the South Side the said River, would in Time be walked away, and therefore came to an Agreement with the said River Dee Company for their supporting the said Banks, which Agreement was confirmed by an Act of the 17th Year of his said late Majesty; and, that other Disputes afterwards arising between the Petitioners and the said Company, they entered into Articles of Agreement, which were confirmed by an Act of the 26th Year of his said late Majesty, that, for and in Consideration of the Sum of £. 600 to be paid them by the Proprietors of the said Navigation, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Sea Bank on the South Side the said River, to preserve the said Common, on the South Side thereof, from being destroyed by the Flux and Reflux of the Tides} and there was also to be paid £. 50 a Year for ever, to support and maintain the said Bank -, all which the said Petitioners, at that Time, thought might be sufficient for those Purpafcs; and that the Petitioners did not only carry on the said Bank, according to the Directions of the said Act, but have at a considerable Expence extended the same further, and have applied the said £. 50 a Year for the Repairs of the fame, as directed by the said Act; all which the Petitioners find is ineffectual for preservirsg the said Mar(h Land; for, so long as the same lies open and uninclosed, it will not be possible so prevent its being entirely wasted and de (troyed, which will be not only a very great Loss to the Petitioners, but to the Public in general: and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Common, and dividing the same amongst the several Persons having a Right of Common thereon, agreeable to their respective Intereds therein, and for effectually securing the same irom the Depredations of the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer-of the said Petition: And that Mr. Morton and Mr. Elwesdo prepare, and bring in, the feme.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Martin Fu(W

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Martin

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont’i J Rougemont, was read the Third Time. Nat* j

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rouge-

mont.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broeke, Brotke’s was read the Third Time. ' Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing AnthotiyTen Broeke.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Clare’s, Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable.

Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as °n

Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Mackworth, See.: And they are to meet 1 this

V.

Swansea

Streets.

Militia *

Land Tax.

American

Colonies.

16 Geo. III. . \6° Novembris.-4-47

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of testifying their Loyalty and Affection to His Majesty,

Chamber. boldly assert, in regard to the American Prohibition of

all Commerce with His Majesty’s European Dominions,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and " That they the Petitioners find no melancholy Effects Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, was pre- " arising therefrom, or any unusual Failure of Demand

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the " for their Manufactures, or of Employment for their Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Paf- " Poor;" and, at this important and alarming sages, within the said Borough and Town, and the Li- when so much depends on the Deliberations and Refo-berties thereof, are very ill paved and cleansed, and in lutions of Parliament, not less than the Lives, Liberties, a ruinous condition, and many Dilbrders and Irregu- and'Properties of Thousands of their Fellow Subjetfts, laritiesare frequently committed in the Night-time, in the Petitioners, apprehending that the like Milreprefen-the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and public Passages, tations may be1 conveyed to the House, fiiouid hold within the same, for want of being properly lighted and themselves unjust to their own dearest Interests, and thiat watched; and that the Passages and public Streets of their Posterity, if they djd not publicly express their within the said Borough and Town are greatly ob- entire Disapprobation of that malignant and uncandid structed by Sheds, Penthouses, Stalls, Bulks, Walls, Spirit which can carry Falshood to the Throne; for the Pahfedoes, and Rails, heretofore built against the Fronts Petitioners allure the House, that the Trade of that Part of Houses, ami projecting into the said Streets; and that of the Kingdom has most sensibly declined ever since the the better paving, cleansing, widening, lighting, and Commencement of the present unfortunate and unnatu-watching the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other ral Contest with; and that Employment for the

public Passages within the said Borough and Town, Poor has proportionably decreased in like Manner, info — and the preventing Nuifiinces, Annoyances, Obstruc- much that it appears, by authentic and undeniable Evi-tions, and Encroachments therein for the future, and the dence, that the Poor Rates of the said Towns have d ur-taking down the said Sheds, Penthouses, Stalls, Bulks, ing the last Ten Years grown to an enormous Degree,

Walls, Paliladoes, and other Obstructions, and the lay- and are now become an almost infupporcable Burthen ijig the Scite or Ground whereon they (land, or of such to the Inhabitants thereof; and that the Petitioners do Part thereof as shall be necessary, into the Highway, not presume to arraign the Wil'dom or Justice of Par-and public Streets, will be of great Benefit, Safety, and liament,; in the Measures which have hitherto been Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, adopted and pursued towards but, as Intercefiors

Town, and Liberties thereof, and of public Convenience: on Behalf of their afflicted Brethren in the Colonies, and in

And therefore praying;. That Leave may be given to Extenuation of the Criminality wfith which they have been bring in a Bill lor the Purposes aforesaid, with such charged, they beg Leave to offer, that their Resist;a.nce Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House to the Right of Taxation in the British Parliament (from shall seem meet. the Claim to which the present unhappy Differences

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the have originated) has not, as they conceive, proceeded. Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa- from an Impatience of Subordina#on to that High, mine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall Constitutional Supremacy necesiarily vested in the Mo-appear to them, to the House: ther Country, but in Support of an Usage which an uni-

And it is referred to Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Rice, See. iform and uninterrupted Enjoyment of more than x 30

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of Years had given them Reason to believe themselves entile Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power titled unto, and which herself had freejuent-

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ly called upon them to exercise in their own Provincial

Assemblies; and the Petitioners therefore considering Mr ..Mackworth, according to Order, reported from that the vital Principle of Trade is Peace and Confidence, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to not War and Distraction; and compaflionating t he tu-enable His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, multuous and irregular Exertion of that rude yet manly in all Cases of Rebellion in any Part of the Dominions Spirit, whole Features plainly mark its Origin of belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, was commit- Ancestry, and which, though milguided in them, was, ted, the Amendment which the Committee had made through our common Ancestors, productive of those to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report Blessings which make the peculiar Boast of ovir happy to the'House; and he read the Report in his Place; Constitution, and to which we owe the distinguished and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, Happiness that the present august Family are at this in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Day on the Throne of these Kingdoms; and deprecating Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, also the Horrors of a Civil War, the Event of which

agreed to by the tloufe. being in the Hands of the Almighty may terminate in

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be the Dismemberment of our Empire, or in a barren and ingrossed. ruinous Conquest: And therefore praying Lhe House,

to take the Premises into their Consideration, and, for Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to the Sake of Peace, for the Sake of Trade and Comfnerce,

Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a and for the general Safety, Concord, and Prosperity'

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the whole Empire, lor the Sake of our holy lLeligion, of the Year 1776: And the same was received; and read and the glory of Almighty God, who dwells in Peace,

the First Time. to adopt such lenient Measures as may rest ore to ‘this

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. great Kingdom and her Colonies, that affectionate Inter-

course with each other, which alone can. prevent the A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Clothiers, manifold Evils with which they are now threatened, and Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the lcvc- establish the National Greatness on the broad I. oundation ral Towns of IVcfil>nry, Warnwfler, and Trowbridge, of equal Rule, and the general Happiness of a free, loyal, and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Wilts, and united People.

whole Names are thereunto Written, was presented to Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed and surprised at finding cer- The House was moved, That the First. Fourth, and American tain Persons, styling themselves the Gentlemen, Clergy, Fifth Chapters of the Statute de Tall agio >ion oomw.

Clothiers, anu other Tradesmen, of the Towns and 34 Edward I. might be read.

Neighbourhood of Bradford, Trowbridge, and Melk- And the feme being read accordingly;

sham, in the County of Wilts, approach the Throne of A Motion Vftffe made, and the Question^ being pro-

our most gracious Sovereign, and, under the Pretence posed, That Leave be given to bring in Dill rorcorn-Vol. 35. P°firis

44»

16® — 170 Novembris.

A. 1775,

poling the present Troubles, and for quieting the Minds of His Majest/s Subjects in America;

And the previous Questkm being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telltts for the Yeas, j The of

Mr.:

Tenets for

So it passed in the Negative.

John.

105.

210.

Army; Mutiny and Delation.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refdved, That this H6ufe will, upon Monday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of die Army and their Quarters.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Four of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir George Tonge, Baronet, and the Counsel for the bitting Members nominated John Morton, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cuddon and Mr.

Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Malt; &e, for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John George Bindkeifen; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Peter Henry Bal without any

Amendment.

.And then the MessengerS withdrew.

Moffinrt

arul

Bmdfceilcas

Nat.

Balcnmatfi

Nat.

Scaford

EJe&ion.

VI eneris, 170 die Novembris

4

Anno 16* Georgii III'" Regis, 1775. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Stephen Sayre and John Chet-woody Esquires, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Medley, Esquire, for the Town and

Port of Seaford, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and nz Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by (he Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, . were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set alide, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; and Three, on account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

King’s

Sedgmoor

iada&tfe*

Exporting

Provifcao

&c.

A Bill for draining, dividing, and mdofing, King's Sedgmoor, in the County of , was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. John, Sir Edward Afley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole, and also the Petition of the Merchants of Dartmouth, in the County of Devon, engaged in, and carrying on, a Trade and Fishery to and at the Island of Newfoundland, and also the Petition of the Merchants trading to the IVef Indies, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Nova Scotia, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Letter communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker upon the 26th Day of October last, dated, Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4, 1775, and signed M fVm Nesbitt, Speaker," together with a Paper

inclosed therein, intituled, " The Address, Petition,

" and Memorial, of the Represen tat ives of the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Scotia, in General " Assembly," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable his Majesty to call Militia, out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion,

in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, be read the Third Time upon IVed-ttefday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members

then

Seaford

Eledien.

16 Geo. III. 170 — 20 0 Nove-449

then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Sir George Baronet, and John

Morton, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Colonel James Murray, the Honourable George Venables Vernon, Charles Amcotts, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Francis Greville, George Bridges Esquire, Sir John Palmer, Baronet, William Drake, Senior, Esquire, George Clive, Esquire, Sir Henry Paulett St. John, William Ewer, Esquire, John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, Ambrose Goddard, Esquire, Richard Aldworth Neville, Esquire, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Mor-

ton, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee, for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Stephen Sayre and John Esquires, now taken

into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Montand Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunoey 2Q* die Novembris;

Anno 16* Georgii III'1* Regis, 1775.

Pr avers.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, *? iX Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned; .

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One Public and the several Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing, and granting to His Majesty, certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Moiling and John George Bindheifen:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Henry Balemann.

Suttow A Petition of those whose Namesare thereunto set and "fn«V>sure. subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, who are Owners of lands, Tythes, and Common Right, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, within the Parish of Sutton Saint Michaels, otherwise Sutton Bonington, in the County of Nottingham, commonly called Bonington End, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, in the said Open fields, Meadows, and Common Paf-Vot. 35.

tures, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in tlacir pre-l'ent Situation, are incapable of any consideraHle Improvement; and that it would be greatly achanrageous to all Persons interested therein, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open' Fields, Meadows, and Common Pastures, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Earl of do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe (from, the 'Account* Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at presented; the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Customs. to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1774 to the xoth of October

177 5- r „ .

Mr. Rowe also (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 1 ith Day of April in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantity of Train Oil, or Blubber, imported into Scotland, for the last Twenty-Years preceding ill January 1773; distinguishing each.

Year, the Places from whence it was imported, and the Duty paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Whale Fins imported into Scotland, for the last Twenty Years preceding ill January 1775; distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence it was imported, and the Duty paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Stourbridge

whom the Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Can*L Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscrifc>ed, redding in and near the Town of Stourbridge, in t he County of Worcester, and concerned, or otherwise interested,

in-Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in His Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Whitworth, Engineer, being examined, said.

That he had surveyed the Lands as let forth in the Plan annexed to the said Petition, and that a navigable Canal for Boats, Barges, and other VeUels, may be made from or near the Town of Stourbridge, through the Parishes of Oldfwinford, Kingswinford, and in the Counties of Stafford and , to join the

Staffordjkire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation at or near a Place called Stourton, in the said County of Stafford; and also, that Two collateral Cuts may be

5 Y conveniently

Northern

Passage

Discovery.

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, Streets.

450 20® Novembris. A. 1775.

conveniently made, the one from a Place called The the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called

Fens, Parcel 6f Poifnet Chare, through the said Parish Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Falgate,

of Kingswinford, to communicate with the said pro- in the said County, was read a Second Time.

poled Canal, near the Junction of Wordesley Brook, Ref That the Bill be committed to Mr.

with the River Stour; and the other from a Place worth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet

called Block Delph, upon other Part of Penfnet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chace, to or near Bague's Glass Houses in Brettel Lane, Chamber.

and from thence to certain Collieries called The Moors,

and to or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax. laid Parish of Kingswinford, there to join and com- Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service municate with the said full-mentioned collateral Cut, of the Year 1776, was read a Second Time, according to the Lines particularly described in the Resolved, That the Bill be committed, said Plan. Then, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Mr. Thomas Brettel, being examined, said. That he of the whole House, has been well acquainted with the Town of Stourbridge Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, several Years; that large and extensive Manufactures resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Iron, Glass, Woollen Cloths, and Earthen Ware, as upon the said Bill, also other Branches of Trade, are carried on in and

near the said Town; and that there are very considerable Mr. Whitworth presented to the House, according to Niffen’* Mines of Coal, Iron-Stone, Glass-House Pot-Clayv-and Order, a Bill for naturalizing Nis and Christopher Ma^ede,| Fire-Brick Clay, lying contiguous to the said Town, and Gabriel And the same was received; and

also to the Line where the Canal and collateral Cuts are read the First Time.

'proposed to be made; that when the proposed Canal Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and Cuts are made, the several Articles before mentioned

may be conveyed in a more easy and commodious Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House AmJi

Manner, and at a cheaper Rate, from the said Town and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Neighbourhood to the several Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Deferrion, and Defenion. and Hull, and the interior Parts of the Kingdom, than* for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, at present; and the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, be now read.

Gloucester, and Warwick, will be better and cheaper And the said* Order being read accordingly;

supplied with Coals, and with several raw Materials The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

uled in the Manufactures before mentioned, than they Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

are at present. Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com-

And the Witness added, That when the Canal is mittee. made, the Price of Carriage of Flour and Grain, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

which at present comes from remote Places, to several Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

' Parts of the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, by That they had gone through the Bill, and made several , Land, will be much reduced; and that the making Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him The proposed Canal and Cuts will be of great public ’to report, when the House will please to receive the ^Utility. _ lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from Morning, or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of

Worcester, to join the Staff ordshire and Worcesterfitire Mr. reported from the Committee, to Swansea

tCanal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough Streets* and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called and Town of in the County of Glamorgan

The Fens upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with , was referred; That the Committee had examined the the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; called Black Delph upon the said Chace, to join the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the was read; and is as followeth;

said County of Stafford:And that Sir John Wrottefiey To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

and Sir William Bagot do prepare, and bring in, the Gabriel Powell, being examined, laid. That the Streets, lame. r Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages,’ within

the said Borough and Town, and the Liberties there-A Bill to encourage Adventurers to make Discovery of* are very ill paved, and in a very bad Condition, of a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and inso much that the whole Town was presented at a Southern Ocean of America, upon any Meridian what- Court Leet last Michaelmas, and that there are many soever, and also to give a suitable Reward to such Projections, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances Person or Persons as shall penetrate to die North therein; and that it would be a great Safety, and of Pole, was read a Second Time. Advantage to the Public, if the said Town and Li-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. berries were properly lighted and watched. — That the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Obstructions against the Houses make the Streets of the whole House. narrow.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdaySeven- And the Witness further laid, That the said Town

night, the 30th Day of this Instant November, resolve and Liberties cannot be properly paved, lighted, and " ,

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon watched, nor the Projections, Obstructions, Nuisances,. the said Bill. and Annoyances therein, be removed and prevented for the future, without the Aid of Parliament.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, Mr. Richard Davis confirmed the above Evidence,

made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places, in the Parish. of Saint the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and the Town and Borough of in the County of

for preventing Annoyances therein, and for extending Glamorgan, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing

Nuisances,

\6 Geo. III.

2o° Novembris.

4-51

Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And that Mr. Mackworth and Mr. George Venables Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

American The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Trade 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Rtftnfnon. (-itraled, " An Act to dit'co ».inue, in such Manner, and " for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the land*

" ing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods,

" W ares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within " the Harbour, of Bojlo, in the Province of MaJJ'achufet's Bay, in North ," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 15 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to reftxain the Trade and Commerce of the Provinces of Massachuset's Bay and " Netv Hampft/ire, and Colonies of and

" Rhode Island, and P , in North " America, to Great , and the J

" Ulands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such Provinces and Colonies from carrying on any Fishery on the Banks of Nor other Places therein mentioned, under certain Conditions and " Limitations," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to reftxain the Trade and " Commerce of the Colonies of New Pen-

" sylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to " Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West. Indies, under certain Conditions and Limitations," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of ‘ Parliament, as relates to giving Authority to certain Persons to grant general or particular Pardons and Indemnities in America, and to receive the Submission of any- Province or Colony, and to authorize the Per-.fons so copitniflioned to restore such Province or Colony to the free Exercise of its Trade and Commerce, might , be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A.Motion was made, and she Question being pro-poled/ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to prohibit, all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of . New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Con-. nefticut. New York, New Pensylvania, the Three

lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North . Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to . discontinue the Landing and discharging, lading or . shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Pro-. vince of Massachuset'sBay; and also Two Acts, made; in the last:. Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts - respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to , appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations in the Cafes and for the Purposes therein to be men-. ..tioned. x

The-, Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Que ftion; viz.

To leave out from the W ord " Bill" to the Words " for. repealing," and to leave out from the Wards'

" n^spediively mentiot.ed," to the End of the Ques-: tion.

And the Question being put, That the Wrqrds . first proposed to be deft out Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Y ea$ went forth.

y?ft-35-.

rp ,i r ., v fThe Lord Vfburne, 1

Tellers for the A eas, |Thc L()rd Cra: J r9*-

rp „ f ,1 xt j Lord Richard Cavendish, 7

Tellere for the Noes,j Frederick Montagu. J 4- -

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words last proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to prohibit all T'ide and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampjfttre, Massachuset*s Bay, Rhode

ConneElicut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, , Virginia,

North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, W'ares, and Merchandize, at the 1 own, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Pro>-vince of Massachuset's Bay; and also Two A<Sbs, made

in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue ProcUimations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein to foe mentioned; And that the Lord North, Lord George Germain, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Novi Scoth. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Letter communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker upon the 26th Day of October last, dated, Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4., 775* and

signed " Wm Nesbitt, Speaker," together with a Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " The Address, Petidon, and Memorial, of the Representatives of the " Freeholders of the Province of Moira , in

" General Assembly," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Agent for His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, do attend the said Committee upon Thuxfday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of all Sums of Money disbursed, and other Expences incurred, by the Public, for or on account of the Province of Nova Scotia, since September 1747 to September 1775, indufive; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of the Revenue Establishment in Nova Scotia, from September 1763 to September

*773- . TT r

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the grols and net. Produce of all Duties laid by Act of Parliament on all Foreign Goods imported into Nova Scotia, from September 17^3 to September 1773, inclusive; distinguisfoing the Produce of each Duty, and each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty commonly called the Enumerated Duty, paid on Goods exported to Scotia, from

any Colony or Plantation in America* from September 1763 to September 1773, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity and Value of the Wine and Fruits exported from Great Britain to Scotia, from

September 1763 to September 1773, inclusive; distinguish-ing each Year.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names arc We4bnof*I*n4

thereunto **

45 2

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the County of Westmoreland, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Shire Hall of the said County, where the Assizes, Sessions of the Peace, County Courts, anT Meetings, for the Administration of Justice, and other public Services of the said County, are holden, is in a ruinous Condition, and very incommodious; and that it is necessary that the said Shire Hall, and Buildings belonging thereto, should be taken down, and new ones erected for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for pulling down the said Shire Hall and Buildings thereunto belonging, and for rebuilding the fame; and for such other Relief as to the Hpule shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Johnstone, Sir James Lowt her, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

New cattle A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of His late Ma-Road. jesty> intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from " The West Cowgate, near the Town of Newe astle upon " Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, " Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Be/fay Mill, and " South Middleton, to the North Side of the River " Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

ind Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the . whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 2ie die Novembris;

Anno i6° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

Peterborough rJ"^HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-Eie&ion. L tion, the petition of James Phipps, of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return

of Matthew Wyldbore, Esquire, for the said City, being

come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the

Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 90 Members only being found to be present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of 21

1775-

the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mereurii, 2 2° die Novembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Peterborough tion the Petition of James Phipps, of the City Eleaioe. of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Matthew Wyldbore, Esquire, for the said City, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members- on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 126 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar,

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six GlafTes, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House

And the Names of Fifteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Elwes, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not ohjc&ed to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified on Oath; One, on account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days; Three, on account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Two, on account of their then serving on a Select Committee, for trying the Merits of a controverted JEieftion.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete; the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated Lord John Cavendish to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.:

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents ort both Sides withdrew.

A Petition

210 — 22° Novembris.

k«l

16 Geo. III. 220 Noventbris.

453

Doj ic after to Bawtry Road.

Aftetby mm TJoulcfby iudofure.

Sandwich

drainage.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of York and Nottingham, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, was pretented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Highway leading from Doncaster to in the County of York, through the Townships or Parishes of

taster, Cantley, Rojfington, A and Harxvorth,

in the Counties of York and Nottingham, or One of them, being Part of the great Road leading from London to York and Edinburgh, is in a ruinous and dangerous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the more effectual Repairs thereof, by making the same a Turnpike Road, and for railing such Tolls for that Purpose, and under such Clauses and Restrictions to be contained in such Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Laf-celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Owners or Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Manors and Townships of After by cum Gou/ceby, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and uninclosed Arable Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, which are computed to contain in the Whole, 2,600 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement i and that, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue to all the Parties interested, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for effecting the Purposes abovementioned, subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purl'yant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amcotts and Lord Brownlow Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Ijands in the Vallies from Bridge to Sand-

wich Haven, commonly called The General Vallies, within the Limits of the Commission of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Part of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the said Vallies there are upwards of 7,000 Acres of Land, which are in many Parts annually laid under Water by the Overflowing of the River Stour, and which, the Petitioners apprehend, is occasioned by the Waters of the said River not being properly conveyed off to the Sea; and that the Commissioners of Sewers for the said Limits have been requested to take proper Measures for effectually draining the said Lands; and that the said Commi limners have caused proper Surveys to be made of the said River, from Fordwich Bridge to the Sea below Sandwich Haven; but the Petitioners apprehend the said Commissioners have not sufficient Powers vested in them, by the Laws in Force, to carry the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for the said several Limits to make such proper Cut, or Cuts, and such other Works, as they

Vo 1. 35-

shall think neceflury and proper, for better draining the said Lands within the said General Vallies.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred, to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Knight, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices and Com- Ditto, missioners of Sewers for the several Limits between Mersham, AJltford, Chari, and Canterbury, and between Canterbury, Fordwich, Chijlett, Reculver, and the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Liberties thereof, and within the whole Isle of Thanet, and within the whole Lath of Saint Austin\and between Wing-

ham, and Sandwich, and between ’, LWhitstable*

and Seafalter, and in the Borders or Confines of the fame, and in Mer/kam, Ashford, Chari, City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and in and

in the Liberties thereof, and in Graveny and Hernehill , aforesaid, and in Brokejbridgt and , in the

Eastern Parts of the County of or in the Bor-

ders or Confines of the lame, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the feme Allegations as the last preceding Petition, with respect to the Overflowing of the River Stour; and Setting forth , That the Petitioners have cabled proper Surveys to be taken of the said River, from FordzvicA Bridge to the Sea below Sanftwich Woven; and it appears, by the R eport of their Engineer, that the said Lands may be better and more effectually drained than they are at present, L>y making a short Cut, or Drain, from the said River Stour, at or near the Salt Works at Snar, into Haven

(which Cut, or Drain, will be only 45 Rods, or thereabouts) with proper Flood Gates, and other Works, for the better conveying of the Water through the feme into the Sea; which Works the Petitioners are desirous of carrying into Execution, as the feme will be not only of great Benefit to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands, but also of public Utility; but the Petitioners find they have not fUfficlent Powers vested in them, by the Laws in Force, for those Pun-poles; and that the Rivers and Streams, within the Limits of the said Commission, ought to be cast, cleansed, and scoured, in a more effectual Manner than the same have heretofore been; and the Slub and Sullage taken thereout, and laid along and upon the Lands adjoining thereto, which would be of Service to such Lands, and a great Help towards draining the feme; and that, by reason of the frequent Changes which happen, as well in the Property, as in the Occupation, of the Arable lands, MlarfH Lands, Meadow lands, and Low Grounds, Houses, Buildings, and Water Mills, lying in, and scotted to, the several Vallies within the Limits of the said Commission, and of the residence of several fuclr Owners and Occupiers thereof, out of the said limits, it often happens that considerable Sums of Money cannot be collected, which are charged upon, and ought to be paid by, the said Owners and Occupiers: And therefore praying the House, to take tlxe Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Powers for effecting a proper Drainage of the said Land; within the said General Vallies, and for railing and colle<sting such Sums of Money as fHall he neceflaty for that Purpose, and for the better casting, clean/Ing, and scouring, the Rivers and Streams within the said Limits, and for the better and more effectua( recovering and receiving the Scots and Sums of Money hereafter to be taxed or imposed by the said Commissioners, on the Arable Lands, Marsh Lands, Meadow Lands, and

5 ZN Low

454 2-2° 'Novembris. ' 1775*

Low Grounds, Houses, Buildings, and Water Mills, within the Limits of the said Commission, or on the Owners or Occupiers thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to Sewers, within the Limits of the said Commission, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of jthis Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Dudley A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are

Canal, thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Town of Dudley, in the County of and concerned or

interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Estate of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, lying at Netherton, in the Parish of Dudley, is about Two Miles distant from a certain Place called Black Delph, in the Parish of Kingsw inford, in the County of Stafford (to which Place, a Petition has been presented, for making a collateral Cut out of a proposed Canal, from the Town of Stourbridge, to communicate with the?

Staffordshireand Worcestershire Canal Navigation, already made between the Rivers Severn and Trent, at or near Stourton, in the said County of Stafford) in which, and other considerable Estates adjoining thereto, are contained very valuable Mines of Coal and Iron-Hone, and where Fire Engines and Gins have been erected, Pits lunk, and all necessary Means used, at a very great Expence, in order to get the said Mines for the Accommodation of the Public, as well as with a View to private Profit; and that, if the above-mentioned Branch of the proposed Canal should end at Black Delph, the Petitioners Hand upon very unequal Ground with their Neighbours, through or near to whose Lands the said Branch is meant to pass, and the Public will be debarred the Privilege of a Conveyance by Water from their Mines; and that, in and about the Town of Dudley, large Quantities of heavy Iron Goods are manufactured, and an extensive Trade in Glass and various Kinds of Merchandize carried on; and that, from Levels taken from Black Delph, it appears that the said intended Branch may easily be continued into the Estate of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire: And therefore praying, That the Branch which is to be made to Black Delph may be extended into the Estate of the said Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, at Netherton, near Dudley aforesaid, according to the Plan annexed to the Petition, with such Provisions, and upon such Terms, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons; Papers, and Records.

Hoffman’s A Petition of John Hoffman, was presented to the ^at* House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Amcotts and Mr. Jenyns do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

MiKtia. Mr. Eden presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of several other Returns of the Militia, at the Time of the Annual Exercise in the Year 1775. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of , in the room of the honourable John St. John, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Land Revenue.

Mr. George Venables Vernon, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Stephen Sayre and John Chet-wood, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Town and Port of Setiford, in the County of Sussex, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable William Hall Lord Viscount Gage in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford. in the county of :

And also. That the said Select Committee have dc« termined,

That George Medley, Esquire, is duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford.

And the said Determinations were ordered 'to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to take into Consideration the Standing Orders of this House, relating to Private Bills, which were made in the last Session of the last Parliament; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,- be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the' Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Ninth of the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House, be made a Standing Or4er of this House.

Ordered, That the said Report, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed.

Ordered, That printed Copies of the said Report, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be lent to the Sheriffs and Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of Great Britain and Wales.

A Petition of William Waller, Esquire,- was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset; and> Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by virtue of, and undef a Grant from his late Majesty King Charles the 1 ft, is become entitled to the Soil of the Moor, or Waste Ground, intended to be drained, divided, and inclosed by the fiiid Bill: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or. Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, touching his Right and Interest in and to the said Moor or Waste Ground, and have such Relief as the House shall think just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

Eye Writ.

Seaford

Eledioo.

Standing

Orders.

King*

Sedgmoor

Inclosure.

i6 Geo. III. 2 2° Novembris. 455

Peterborough

Election.

Land Tax.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Exporting

Provisions,

dec.

mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the from certain Ports, and from thence certain limited same Time, in Favour of the Cud Bill, against the said Quantities only are allowed to be exported; and that.

Petition. in consequence of the present unhappy Differences be-

tween Great Britain and her American Colonies, the In-The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being habitants of Newfoundland,^.^ the Seamen employed again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- in the Fishery there, have beep, and are, greatly dif-tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the treffed for Want of proper Supplies of Bread and other Jdoufe One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by necessary Provisions, which they used to receive from the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new the Continent of; and that the Petitioners find.

Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then re- that they cannot prosecute their said Trade, with equal maining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Advantage with the other Ports of this Kingdom, with-Names of John Elzves, Esquire, and Lord John Coven- out Permission to export' Bread, Bifeuit, P lojur, Pease,

dish, being added, the same was called over; and is as and other Provisions: And therefore praying, That the follows: Petitioners may be permitted to export fuel* Quantities

John Mayor, Esquire, Thomas Lifter, Esquire, Sir of the said Articles, from the Port of CheJIto New-

Adam FerguJJ'on, Baronet, the Right honourable George founcUand, and for the Use of the Fishery tlxere, and to Rice, William Adam, Esquire, Abel Smith, Esquire, have such other Indulgencies, for the Benefit of their

Jervoise Clarke, Esquire, Isaac Martin Rebow, Esquire, Trade, as to the House shall seem meet.

Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order - Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of the Bath, Charles Brett, Esquire, John Durand, Esquire, Consideration of the Committee of the whole House,

John Robinson, Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, John to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Elwes, Esquire, Lord John Cavetidish. Merchants; and Traders' of the Town and County of

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Boole, and also the Petition of the Merchants of f Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of mouth, in tire County of Devon, engaged in, and car-

James Phipps, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, rying on, a Trade and Fishery to and at the Island.of

were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Newfoundlandand also the Petition of the Merchants Manner. trading to The West Indies, whose Names are thereunto

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed His Majesty, that He will be graciously plea.fed to give for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections. Directions, that there be laid before this House, tire

Petition to His Majesty, from the General Congress in Resolved, That this House will, immediately, refblve America, which was delivered to the Earl of TO art mouth, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the on the First of September last, by Richard JPenn and Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Arthur Esquires.

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of . Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His the Year 1776. Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, tnittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of

Credit. A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- i

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said posed. That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, count of the Value of all Artillery, Ordnance, Arms, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Militant Stores of all Kinds, issued for the Land Ser-

Year 1774, out of the Supplies granted for the Year vice of America, since 1773, to October 1775,

1776. both inclusive; distinguishing each Year j

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- The House was mayed, that several Articles committee. tained in the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Ordnance, for the Year 1776, Land Service, might be

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- read, mittee. And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, with-

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, drawn.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him A Motion was made, and the Question. being put. Ditto, to report, when the House will please to receive the That there be laid before this House, a.n Account of lame. the Expences of the Staff, Hospitals, Extraordinaries,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow and all Military Contingencies whatsoever, of the Army Morning. in America, from 1773 to 1775 m*

elusive;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of It passed in the Negative, the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Resolved, That an humble Address be pfefented to West huh* Army and their Quarters, was committed, be received His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Dunes. Tomorrow Morning.* give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Copies of all Acts of Assembly, passed __ in any of His A Petition of several Merchants and Traders, within Majesty’s lllands in the West Indies, by which the Duties, the City of Chester, trading to Newfoundland, was pre- commonly Called the 4! per Cent. Duties, have been fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, for granted to His Majesty.

several Years past, the Petitioners have commenced. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His

and now carry on, a Trade from the Port of Chester, to Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His the Hand of Newfoundland, which is daily encreasing, Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council,

and likely to become a beneficial Branch of Commerce;

and that, by the Laws now in being, no Bread, Biscuit, A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto.

Flour, or Pease, can be exported from Great Britain to posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Newfoundland, for the Use of the Fishery there, lave Majesty, that He will be gracfoully pleased to give Di-Vol. 35. regions.

by

American

Colonies.

Supply.

Indemnity

Bill:

Ele&oral

Troops.

456

regions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties, commonly called the 4} per Cent. Duties, in the Well indies, from Christmas 1760 to Christmas 1774, or as far as the same can be made up, togethef with all the Charges and Annuities payable out of the same;

The House was moved, that an Act made in the 6th Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British " Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of " Parliament, and also the Duties impoied by an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, and " for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for " further encouraging, regulating, and securing several K Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of His Majesty’s Quit Rents, in the several Provinces of North America;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Highlanders, confiding of Two Battalions, to be raised for the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have adviled His Majesty to send to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon, a Part of the Electoral Troops of Hanover, during the Recess of Parliament.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

19

4- 1775-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill Audi be then ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Militia. Reading of the Bill (now ingrafted) to enable His Majesty to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, in any Part of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Oftlcr being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass >

The House divided. ’

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the No* } .6.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty, for a limited Time, to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the Parliament, in the Gales and Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Sporting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Yrwfioos, House, to consider of the Petirion of the Merchants c' and Traders of the Town and County of Poole, and also the Petition of the Merchants of Dartmouth, in the County of Devon, engaged in, and carrying o/u a Trade and Fishery to and at the Island of Newfoundland, and also the Petition of the Merchants trading to the West Indies, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, and also the Petition of several Merchants and Traders within the City of Chester, trading to Newfoundland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, am*Mcaa to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 23® die Novembris;

Anno 160 Georgii IIIll! Regis, 1773*

Prayers,

ATIS NiJJen and Christopher Gabriel Marw<ede' took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Lord Edward Bent inch presented to the House, ac- Suttoi cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton

Saitti

1 20 — 2 30 Novembris.

Newtown

Writ.

Lord Clare’s,

&c.

Qualification

Bill.

Morpeth

Election.

Spaldwick

with

Upthorpe

locJofuxe.

i-6 GeO. III. ^3° Notembris. ' 457

Saint Michaels otherwise Sutton Boriington, commonly Lands within the said Field, amongst the several Pro-called Bonington End, in the County of Notting- prietors, according to their respective Interests, and al(b ham: And the same was received; and read the First to ascertain which of the said Lands shall for the future Time* belong to the Parish of Long Stow, and Liberty of Up*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. thorpe, and Parish of Spaldwick respectively, it would

be for the mutual Advantage of all the Petitioners:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such the clefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem ment for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of meet.

Southampton, in the room of Sir John Barrington, Baro- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

net, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath suant to the Prayer of the hid Petition: And that the

accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Ma- Lord Hi and Earl Ludlow do prepare, and

jesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, bring in, the lame.

and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Marine Mr. James Grenville reported from the Committee, to the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while Force*, whom the Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens and the Lord Lifburnt Graggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

Welbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of

Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported to the Amn'caa

Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in House, that their Addresses of Yesterelay (that Hi* me*

the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed; that there be laid before this House, the Petition to Hi*

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Majesty from the General Congress in America, which made several Amendments thereunto, which they had was delivered to the Earl of , on the First of

directed him to report to the House; and he read the September last, by Rickard Rem and Arthur Lee, Ef-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, quires; and also Copies of all Acts of Assembly, passed.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where in any of His Majesty’s Majids in the , by

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and, then which the Duties, commonly called the 4I per Cent.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- Duties, have been granted to His Majesty) had been

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the presented to His Majesty; and that LI is Majesty had House. commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be give Directions accordingly, ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do make the Report The House being informed, that the Petition of from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the LaadTM* Francis Eyre, Esquire, which was presented to this Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by; a Land House upon the 31st Day of October last, complaining Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the of an undue Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in Year 1776, was committed.

the Cqunty of Northumberland, is different in Substance Mr. Mackworth accordingly reported from the said from the Petition of the said Francis Eyre, Esquire, pre- Committee, the Amendments which the Committee lented to the House upon the 8th Day of February, in the had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to last Session of Parliament. be reported to the House; and he read the Report

The said Petitions were read. in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the whether the Petition of the said Francis Eyre, Esquire, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, be a Second Time, One by One, and, upon the Ques-the same in Substance with that presented in the last tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Session; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to House.

them, to the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Storer, Mr.' ingrossed.

Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Meffu- King’* ber; and all who come to the Committee are to have ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying in Sedgmoor Voices. the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places of Cuffing- Indofor*.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the ton, Edington, Chilton, Catcot, , Stowell, ^tton

laid Committee. _ Mallett, Moor line h, Greinton, IV'oo/eruington, ’,

Redwell, Walton Street, Butleigh, Compton Dundon, WeJ-A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of tonZoyland, Middlezoy, Othery, ptigham.

Lands and Grounds, within the Common Fields of Bower, Horsey, Bawdrip, Bradney, JRfetherham, Auer,

Long Stow and Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon, Chedzoy, Littleton, Hurcott, , Pitney, Wearn,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, W otton, and Long Sutton, in the County of Somerset, That an Act passed in the last Session for dividing, al- having Right of Common on King*s Sedgmoor, in the lotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, feme County, was presented to the House, and read j Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within Setting forth, That the said Moor, which contains about the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe, in 18,000 Acres of Pasture Land, has ever been open and the County of Huntingdon; and that there are, within uninclosed, and without any Boundaries or Limits of the Open and Common Field of Upthorpe, called The Division marking or denoting any -Particular Rut Mixed Field, several Pieces or Parcels of Land or thereof, as belonging to any one Manor, Hamlet, or Ground, Part of the Parish of Long Stow, and Part of Place, more than to another, and the Produce thereof the Liberty of Upthorpe, and Parish of Spaldwick;by hath always been had and taken indifcrirninately from reason of which intermixed Property, Difficulties have all Parts in and throughout the fame, by the Persona arisen in carrying the said Act into Execution; and that, having Right of Common thereon; and that the Peti-if the Commissioners appointed by the said Act were tioners, and all those whose Estate they have in their imjxwered to make a proper Distribution of all the said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Here-Vol. 35. 6 A ditaments.

458 23* Novembris. 1775.

ditaments, respectively, from the Time whereof the Memory of Man is not to the contrary, have had and used, and still of Right ought to have and use, Common of Pasture on the said Moor for all their Cattle at all Times of the Year, and to dig Turves, and cut Sedges and llufhes therein, for their own Use, as to their said several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, respectively, belonging and appertaining; and that the Petitioners have been informed of a Plan, lately renewed, for bringing in a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing the said Moor; and that the Petitioners l'ubmit to the House, that any new or further Law for draining the said Moor is altogether ufele.s and unnecessary, because, by an Act passed in the ioth and nth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, King William the Third, for opening the ancient and making new Roynes and Watercourses in and near Sedgmoor, in the County of for rendering the

laid Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, ample and sufficient Powers and Provisions for draining the said Moor and the Lands near the same are given to the Justices of the Peace of the said County, and others therein named; and that the Division and Inclosure of the said Moor, in the Manner proposed, will be injurious to the Petitioners, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said intended Application, both in the Committee to whom the Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill shall be referred, and also against the said Bill in case it shall be brought in; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and protest the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners inviolate and unaltered, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the.Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by them-felyes or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the fotpe Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Supply. Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Mr. Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-seven thousand and Four hundred Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Highlanders, confiding of Two Battalions, to be raised for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

The House was moved. That lb much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Augmentation of His Majesty’s Land Forces, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Army; Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do make the Report Mutiny from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Desertioa for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the

better Payment of the Army and' their Quarters, was committed:

16*

Mr. Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s ’fable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bdl, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itftlf into a Committee of the Nova Scotia, whole House, to consider further of the Letter communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker, upon the- 26th Day of October last, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4,

1775, and signed " JVa Nesbitt, Speaker," together with a Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " The Address,

" Petition, and Memorial, of the Representatives of " the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Scotia, in " General Assembly."

Mr. Speaker left the'Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Agent for His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed Jiim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Robirfvn have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Merchants of London, Subscribers Exporting the reunto, in Behalf of themselves and others concerned Provisions, in the Commerce and Fillieries at Nova

Scotia, Island of St. John's, River St. Lawrence, Coast of Labrador, and Places adjacent, front the several Ports of London, Liverpool, Wymouth, Limpflon,

Exmouth, and Tinmouth.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, during the present Year, have suffered very great Inconvenience and Loss, in carrying on their Trade and Fisheries at Newfoundland and Places adjacent, by their usual Rclource of Bread, Flour, and other Necessaries, being totaly interrupted, by the unhappy Differences between Great Britain and her American Colonies; and that, although the present Price of Corn leaves the Exportation of Bread and Flour entirely open, and seems to make this Application unnecessary, yet as the Price of both may advance, so that the Prohibition may again take Place, the Petitioners may thereby sustain much Loss and Di(appointment in their Business, unless a timely and proper Relief is provided by the House, in case of such Exigency; and that, as the Quantity of Bread, Flour, Pease, and other Provisions, allowed to be exported from certain Ports in this Kingdom to Newfoundland, under the Act of the.

14th of His present Majesty, will not be a sufficient Supply to carry on the Trade and Fisheries, while an Interruption continues' in their Supply from America, the Petitioners cannot pursue their Business, unless they have Liberty to exjxtrt, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, a sufficient Quantity of Bread, Flour,

Pease, Grout, Oatmeal, and other Necessarics; and as confining the Export to particular Persons and Dill rifts, has been found injurious in a general commercial View, the Petitioners hoj)e that the House will think it expedient to allow the Exportation of the necessary Articles to be extended to any Port or Ports in Great , >

where they may be able to obtain them upon the most teasonable and convenient Terms: And therefore pray-

ing

1

16 Geo. III. 23° — 240

ing the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and grant iucii Relief therein as to the.House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole. and also the Petition of the Merchants of -month, in the County of Devon, engaged in, and carrying on, a Trade and Fishery to and at the Iflarnl of Newfoundland, and also the Petition of the Merchants trading to the West Indies, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, and also the Petition of several Merchants and Traders within the City of Chester, trading t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 24.0 die Novembris;

Anno i6°Georgii IIP" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

fvelchester rfi"'HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-

ileetion. JL tion the Petition of Richard and Ini<ro

. William Jones, Esquires, and also the Petition of

-Carry and John Cox, on Behalf of themselves and others,

being Inhabitants, Householders, Parishioners, and

Voters, within the Borough of Lvdchester, complaining

of the undue Elettion and Return of and

William Lines, Esquires, for the said Borough, being

come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 102 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

1 The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glalles, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty-four Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Herbert , Esquire, being

drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present, were drawn who were not objected to.

Note, That in the course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Five, on account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending; Three, on account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees'; Three, on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which Vou 55-

Novembris. 459

they had before verified on Oath; and Eleven, on account of their then serving on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Member?, fe> drawn, and not exculed, or set aside, being complete

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Richard Whitworth, Elquiit, to serve on thtt said Select Committee.

'And Lists of "the said Forty-nine Names being delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel;

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents'on both Sides withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Worceder the 31st Day of October lafR for taking into Considera- ^!e&0Q* tion, upon Tuesdaythe 5th Day of December next, the

Petition of Sir 1 Catkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of might be read.

' And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 23d Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again fenr to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

The House being informed, That - Francis JZyre, Ef- Morpeth quire, who, upon the 31st Day ot October la.ft, peti- on‘ tioned this House, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough ot Morpeth, in the County of JNorthumber laud, desires to withdraw his said Petition y

Ordered, That the several Orders made Yesterday, for apjsointing a Committee, to examine xvliether the said Petition be the same in Substance with the Petition of the said Francis Eyre, Esquire, presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament; and also for referring the said Petitions to the said Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the said Francis Eyre, Esquire, to withdraw his laid Petition.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 31st Day of October last, for taking the ia.id Petition into Consideration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom Sandwich the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Draina2e-Lands in the Vallies from Fordwich Bridge to Sandwich Haven, commonly called The General N~a//zes , within the Limits of the Commission of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Part of the County of Kentand also the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices and Commissioners of Sewers for the several Limits between JCfer/ham, Afford,

Chari, and Canterbury, and between Canterbury, Fordwich, Chijlett, Reculver, and the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Liberties thereof, and within the whole Isle of Thr.net, and within the whole Lath of Saint Austin\, and between Deal, Eet/Fry* and Sandwich, and between Hernehi//, and

Seafaiter, and in the Borders or Confines of the feme, and in Mersham, Afford, Chari, City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof, and in Sandwich, and in the Liberties thereof, and in Gravene, and Hernehill aforesaid, and in Brokefbridge and in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, or in the Borders or Confines of the feme, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1 774> relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of t be feid Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

in

Hoffman’s

Nat.

Lord Clare's kc. Qualification BUL

460 24* Novembris. A. 1775*

in his Plate, and afterward* delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. John Harrifonbeing examined, said, That he knows the several Vallies between Bridge and Sandwich, commonly called The General Follies; that the Lands therein consist of upwards of Seven thousand Acres; that great Part thereof is frequently under Water, occasioned not only by the overflowing of the River Stour, but by Land Floods; that the Witnds has known Part of the General Follies overflowed for six Months together; and that the same have, been sometimes overflowed in Harvest.

Mr. William Long, Clerk to the Commission of Sewers

for the Eastern Part of the said County, being examined, laid. That Application had lately been made to the Commissioners of Sewers, by the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the General Follies, requesting them to make proper Works for more effectually draining their Lands; that the Commissioners are very desirous of making such Works as shall be sufficient for draining the said Lands; but, by the Report of their Engineer, it appears, that certain Works are necessary for that Purpose, which the Commissioners apprehend they are not impowered to do by the Laws now in being relating to Sewers.

Then to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Yeomans, Engineer, being examined, as to the Practicability of draining the Lands within the said General Vallies, laid, That he apprehends, that if a Cut or Drain was made from the River Stour, at or near the Salt Works at Stonar, across a Neck of Land into Sandwich Haven, (which Cut or Drain will not be quite a Furlong and an Half in Length) with Floodgates, and other proper Works, the Lands within the General Follies might be much better drained than they are at present.

Mr. William Long, being further examined, laid. That the Commissioners of Sewers find great Difficulties in collecting the Scotts authorized to be raised by them within the Limits of their Commission, where Owners and Occupiers of Lands change their Places of Reli-dence: And the Witness said, that he apprehends the Commission would be better executed, if some further Provision was made to enable the Commissioners to collect the Scotts from the Owners or Occupiers lo removing.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually. to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds withm the General Follies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid: And that Mr.

Mr. Knight, Mr. Milks, and Mr. Filmer Honywood, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Jenynspresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Hoffman: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourablefVellbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable Wellbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster

General of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the' Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That 'Wt.Jolliffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1776, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1776.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing John William Paul, and Claes Grill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mackworlh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole, praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necefla-ries for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent; an.-! of the several other Petitions referred to the Confederation of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon the

14th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been (truck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Herbert Mackworth and Richard Esquires, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Christopher Griffith, Esquire, John Dyke Acland, Esquire, John Frederick, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Francis Grevi/le, Thomas Hill, Esquire, Lord the

Honourable Charles Marsham, John Adams, Esquire, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Francis Wtnman, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, William

Drake, junior, Esquire, Lord Charles Spencer, Herbert Mackworth, Esquire, Richard Whitworth, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee, for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, and also of the Petition of James Cony and John Cox, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being Inhabitants, Householders, Parishioners, and Voters, within the Borough of Ivelchester, now taken into Consideration, were lworn by the Clerk at tire Table, in the ufu&l Manner.

And

Army; Mutiny and Dciertioa.

Laid Tax.

Paul and

Grill’*

Nat.

Exporting

Provisions#

*c.

IxJchester

Election.

Indemnity

Bill;

Ele&oral

Troops.

t6 Geo. III.

24° — -2 70

And then the Counsel and Agents, on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in th6 Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrafted, to indemnify such Persons as have advised His Majesty to send to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon a Part of the Electoral Troops of Hanover, during the Recess of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Idle said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 15. To leave out Doubts have arisen " whether the advising His Majesty " to fend such Troops to such Garrisons, during the Recess of Parliament, could be justified by " Law," and inl'ert " the Introduction " of the said Troops is not warranted " by Law, and contrary to the Spirit " of the Constitution," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words pro poled to be left out {land Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

' The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the

J

,3I*

58.

Tellere for he Noes,^;

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have advised His Majesty to send to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Port Mahon, a Part of the Electoral Troops of,

during the Recess of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to tire Lords, and desire their Concurrence.,

begun, and the Sum off. 4,000, or thereabouts, expended, therein; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that the making of the said Navigation, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, will be attended with lb many Difficulties, and be liable to fb many Obstructions, as to render the same insufficient to answer the Purposes intended, and that the Petitioners apprehend, if Power was given to make Navigable Cuts, or Canals, from some Parts of the said River to other Parts thereof, as described in the Plan annexed to the Petition, and other necessary Amendments were made to the said Act, the whole Navigation might be easily executed, so as to be very advantageous to the Trade, Manufactures, and Commerce, of the Country, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. SouthwellSir IWi/liam,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow IVTornfog, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;~an<l have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Ttecords.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about Ditto, the Market Town of Stroud, in the County of -

cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application is to be made to the House, for a Bill to- make and maintain a Navigation from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to IVallbridge, near the Town of Stroud,

in the County of Gloucester; and that the Petitioners

apprehend, such Navigation will be very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Country, ;in(j likewise be of great public Utility: And therefore

praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the preceding Petition is referred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-nd Means, fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for railing, the Supply granted to His Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

- - -c_______________________________________________.

i *>

Lufies, 270 Novembris;

Anno 16* Georgii III1" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Stroudwater A PETITION of the several Persons whose Navigation. Nafoes are thereunto set, being Proprietors of

Shares of Money subscribed, and Undertakers, for making navigable the: River , in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload to IVall bridge, near the Town of Stroud, was presented to the House and read; Setting .; forth, That an Act passed in the Third Year of King George the Second, for making the said River navigable from Framiload to Stroud; and that some Part of the Works directed by the said Act to be done have been -"Vox.. 35.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, . Slltt Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within st. M,ch"r, the Township or liberty of Sutton St. Michael" t, hdofaw. otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. S,kip-wit k, Lord Edward Bentinck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, so the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Bonfaii, cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- &c. tain Commons, or Pieces of Wafbe G round, in the odofure. . Parishes of Bonsall, Wirksworth, and J\latlock, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Warmingtmi Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of PVaimington, in the county of * Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, in the said Parish and Liberties, One large Open and Common Field, called fWarmingfon FielcT, consisting of Forty-six Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and containing together in the Whole 1200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors of the said Common Field, Commonable Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed' in small Parcels,. and are most of them inconveniently situated,

6 B and

4 6 s

o,70 Novembris.

Niflen's

and

Marwxdc’s

Nat.

American

Trade

Iteftrittion.

*775-

and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any Committee, appointed to tly and determine the Merits r coasiderable Improvement and that, if the same were of the Petition of Richard Broivn and Iniro William. Eleai^ divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the Ad- Jones, Esquires, and also the Petition of James Carry vantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties con- and John Cox, on Behalf of themselves and others, being cerned, and be a great Improvement of their Proper- Inhabitants1, Householders, Pjrilhioners, and Voters, ties and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave within the Borough of Ivelchefer, in the County of may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in- Somerset, severally complaining of an undue Election doting the said Open and Common Field, and other and Return for the said Borough, that he was di-Commonable Lands and Grounds, or such other Relief redted by the Committee to acquaint the House, That in the Premises as so the House shall seem meet. James Rogers, being called as a Witness before the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- laid Committee, had grolsly prevaricated in giving his suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Evidence.

Skipwith and Mr. SoutAzvell do prepare, and bring in The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal

the lame. of the House, of the nth Day of May 1772, of the

Proceedings of the House, in relation to Mary Hose,

A Bill for naturalizing Nifs Nijfen and Christopher might be read.

Gabriel Marwade, was read a Second Time. And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ordered, That the said James Rogers, having grossly

Wrottesley, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet prevaricated in giving his Evidence before the Seledi

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits

Chamber. of the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William

it_____ 1 -i/*- -1 —

The Lord North presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's

Jones, Esquires, and also the Petition of James Corry

and John Cox, on Behalf of themselves and others,

being Inhabitants, Householders, Parishioners, and

Voters, within the Borough of Ivclchester, in the County

Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, of Somerset, severally complaining of an undue Elcc-nf. r,.i--- ^ri---- 1----- — - ' ....

Pensylvania, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of Vhe present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to clilcontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay; and a Ho Two Acfts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acfts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

tion and Return for the said Borough, be, for his laid Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newr

gate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Fufhs’s

Nat.

Broekc'i

Nat.

Rougemonfs

Nat.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Browning and Mr. Angui/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Martin Fujhs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broeke; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Peterborough

Election.

Mr Rice, from the SeJedt Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Phipps, of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have de-. termined,

That Matthezv Wyldbore, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Seledi zi

A Motion was made, and the Question being pto- America posed, That an humble Address be presented to His Colonies. Majesty, humbly requesting, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to impart to this House, who were the original Authors and Advisers to His Majesty of the following Measures, before they were proposed in Parliament — for taxing America, without the Consent of its Assemblies, for the Purpose of a Revenue — for extending the Jurilclidtion of the Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty — for taking away the Charter of the Province of Massachuset's Bay — for restraining the American Fishery — for exempting Murderers from Trial in America — for transporting accused Colonists to England for Trial — and most especially for establishing Popery and Despotism in Canada;

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Orders of the Day be now read;

It passed in tlfe Negative.

Then the previous Question being put, That the said proposed Question be now put .

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fThe I,oixl Lijburne, -?" 0 Tellers for the 1 eas, j Mr RMnfon j *59-

rn it cj m fThe Lord Folkestone, \ 1 Tellers for the Noes, j Mf HuJjiy - |

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said proposed Question being put;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

"Mr. Alderman Oliver Tellers for the Yeas, {The Lord Mayor i; London:

_ . , ,r f The Lord Stanley,

Tellers for the Noes, } sir Qny Cooper%

So it passed in the Negative.

16.

pfj io. . } ,6s<

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tfr L " Committee of the whole House, fir

Supply

resolve itself into a consider further of the jesty-;

Supply granted to His , MH*f Ordered*

16 Geo. III. —

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuiidings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, in the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Grey Cooper also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-id Mein*, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti*) 2 8° die Novembris;

Anno 16* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Cardigan rl ''HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera-ElcAion. JL tion the Petition of Thomas Johnes, the Younger, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberystwith, and Lampeter, on Behalf of themselves, and other legal Byrgeffes of the said Boroughs, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Sir Robert Smyths Baronet, for the said Boroughs, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a £eled Committee, to try and determine the Merits.of the said Petitions. y

The Serjeant at Arms was directed,;by Mr.. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buli-nels of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned.

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 106 Members being found to be present;

The Gounlel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read- the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into 'Confederation. j t;

And the same being read accordingly;

*V©u 35.

Novembris. 463

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had beert before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the tifual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present,

Were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Harry Bustard, Baronet, being drawn, he required to be excused from ierving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was exculed accordingly.

Arid the Names of Twenty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Turkey, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be exculed from Ierving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly-

And the Name of Sir Merrick Buffets Baronet, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Twelve, on account of their then serving on a Select Committee; Four, on account of their being Sixty - Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; Five, on account of their having already, in* this Sefiiori of Parliament, served on a Select Committee; and Three, on account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or set aside, being complete; the Counsel for the Petitioner named Robert Henley Ongley, Esquire; and the Counsel for the Sitting Member named Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Two Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Council.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Wansford Two Acts made, One in the 22d Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled. Road*. " An Act for effectually amending and repairing the Roaa w leading from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln," and the other in the 29th Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for J " enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act,* made in the 22d Year of his laid Majesty’s Reign, for: effectually amending and repairing " the Road leading from* Wansford Bridge, in the " County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough " of Stamford, inrihe. County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to " Staphford Bridge, in: the Parish of Rykall, in the " County of Rutland^ and from thence to Bdumy in the " County of Lincoln* I and of several Gentlemen, Free--holddrs, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Lin* coin, and of the Town and Borough of Stamford^ in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of

Money

a6± 28° Novembris. ^£1775,

Money upon the Credit thereof; and that the said Acts are in many respects defective, and require to be amended; and that, unless the Terms and Powers thereof are enlarged, the Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, nor the Money borrowed repaid; and that the Road leading from the North End of the Bridge, in the Parish of Martin's Stamford in the County of Northampton, through the Parishes of Saint Mary, Saint John, and All Saints, to a certain Gate called Scotgate, in the Parish of Saint John, in the Town and Borough of Stamford, and also the Road leading from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, to the Market Cross in the Town of Bourn aforesaid, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be effectqally repaired and widened by the Laws in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, and for repairing and widening the said Roads in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. ’ *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Howard, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Distressed A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in Debtors. His Majesty’s Gaol at Carlisle, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Newcastle Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the upon Tyne, Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed *cj in the 22d Year of ithe Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road from The

" Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne,

" through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Hig/iam " Dykes, Newham Edge, B elf ay and South -

,c dleton, to the North Side ;of the River " in the County of Northumberland,'’ was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments, thereunto; which they had di-reded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

' Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wamrngfon Mr. Skipwith presented to the House,' according to inclosare. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, - and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, dying within the Parish and Liberties of utington, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received) and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

’ I

Sandwich Mr. Marftiatnpresented to the House, according to

Drainage. Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Tallies-, and for the better recovering the -Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid: And the same was received;’ and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Charles'Quift, was presented ti> the Q iiir» House, and read; Praying, Yhat Leave may be given Fiat, to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. -ft.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that/

Mr. Elwes and Mr. Griffith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Marine Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces. Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in' his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-six thousand Nine hundred and Four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, he granted to His Majesty, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hoff 5 pital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and becomp, decrepit in the>

Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this (Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-nine thousand One hundred and Fifty-one Pounds, be granted to- His Majesty, towards the Buildings, ftp-build ings and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heach of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, bping CarJ. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to "at- Etta‘S tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to The House orfe of the said Lifts, which had been struck Dy ' the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of thP Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned ’ Lift, YW?

Names of Robert Henley Ongley and Bamber Gascoyne, Esquires, being added, the same was called over).'and is as follows: <v ' ' ‘ * !

John Ord, Esquire,' h/fdtlfteu) Wyldbore, Esquire, Abel Smith, Esquire, the Honourable Charles Fihch, the Right honourable Sir John Goodricke, Baronet; Thomas Esquire, Charles Dundas, Esquire, Sit George )

Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath)

Jervmfe Cturke, Esquire, James-Worstey, Esquire, George Pitt, Esquire, Sir George Robrnfon, Baronet, Anthony Bacon, Esquire, Robert Henley Ongley, Esquire, Bambet Gascoyne, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Sdedt Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Thomas JoAnes, the Younger, Esquire, and alfp the Petir , tion of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,1 Burgesses of the Boroughs of Aberystwith, and Lampeter, on Behalf of themselves arid other legal Burgesses of the -laid Boroughs, ndw taken into Cohftderation, :were fworri by the1 Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner. I; 1: ‘ *

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to-withdraw.1 -- - 1 -

' Ordered,

Niton*

and

Marwaede’s

Nat.

Kings

Sedgmoor

loclosure.

16 Geo. III.

28® — 29* Novembris,

45

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Then the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Dempfier reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for naturalizing and Chris-

top/ier Gabriel Mar wade was committed; That the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, againA the said Petition.

The House being informed, that Mr. from Scotia,

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefer*ted. to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Wine and Fruits exported from that Part of Great called

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, England to , from 763 to

~ *773 distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

and found the same <0 be true; and that the Committee had dire died him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Baronet,

: CopUJlcn Warre Bampfylde, Esquire, and

ker, Esquire, Lords and Proprietors of certain Manors and Estates, in or near King's in the County of Somerset, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Tenants, and such other Persons whose Bights may be very materially affected or injured, if the Inclosure Bill, now depending in the House, and herein after mentioned, should, in its present State, pals into a Law, was presented to tfye House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Commonable Land commonly called Kings Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, has been presented to the House; and that it is apprehended, that the Intention of the Promoters of the said Bill is to get the same passed into a Law with all possible Expe -dition, whereby the many Individuals interested in such Division would not have sufficient Time to make appear to the House the State of their respective Rights, and their many Objections to the Bill; the Petitioners (Lords of the several Manors of Othery, Middlezoy,

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

till To - morrow

Mercurity 290 dieNovem&r~zs -

Anno t6* Georgii III‘a Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term, and Powers of an Act, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Road from West Cowgate, near the Town of " upon Tyne, through the West End of

" ton, . Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, ffevuhain Edge, " Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side

tonzoyland, and Chedzoy) most materially interested in " of the River , in the County of humber-

the intended Division of the said Moor, and jointly or " laud," was read the Third Time.

separately (in virtue of several Royal and other Grants, Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

and of Usage Time immemorial) the Lords of the be. An Act __ to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Soil of the greater Part thereof, and entitled t9 and in Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign. of his late

the Receipt of divers Rights, Jurisdictions, Royalties, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road

Profits, and Emoluments, conceive that the said in- " from Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle

tended Bill would deprive them of those many great " upon Tyne, through the West End of Pont

and extensive Privileges and Advantages, without Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge^ Belfay Mill,

" and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River

" in the County of Northumber/tzrtd.

Ordered, That Sir Walter B/aekett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence-

making them any Satisfaction for the lame: And therefore praying the House to take the feme into their ierious Confident ion, and, if the said Bill be suffered to pass into a Law, that the Petitioners may have such Satisfeftion for such their Rights, Jurisdictions, Royalties, and Emoluments, or any other Claims, or Interest, which they, any, or either of them, may have in the said Moor, or in any Lands adjoining to and now lying in common therewith, and not provided for by the said Act, as the House shall think meet; and that sufficient Time may be allowed them to examine the ancient Records, and to draw up and produce the State of their several and respective Claims, before the said Bill be passed into a Law; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Behalf of themselves, and of the Rights of their several and respective Tenants.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, is committed, that they do not proceed upon the said Bill before the rft Day of February next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

ITiffen and the Third

4(

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by from Baftngstoketo LobcombCornerfmtheCotustyoff^i/tt^ themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon was committed, That the Committee had examined tfif their Petition, if they think fit. Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be trucjj

Vol. 35. 6 C *nd

Newcastle upon T yne, Sec. Road.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Christopher Gabriel Marwade, was read Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafe: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing NNijjen and Christopher Gabriel Marwade.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Captain Lnttrell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and owers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-nmtli Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Tligh Roads " from Baftngstoke, through Popham Sutton, Scot*

" ney, and Stock bridge, in the county of *

to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and all'o for repairing and widepizid^.the Road from Spittlehouse, over Weyki/l, to Mullen's in tfrfc

feid County of Southampton," as relates to the Rosdft

Niton’s

and

Marwade’*

Nat.

Baiingftoi*

Road*.

4 66

Vef Novem

-A. 1775'

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ' is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and cn-'made several Amendments thereunto; which they had larged.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the That the Road branching out of, and leading from Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, the said Road, at or near a Place called Makenade with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tier, in the Parish of over Old Wives Lees, to

the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Cross, and Lane End, in the Parish

'a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- of Chilham, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, tion severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, _and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Game, Ordered, That it be an Instructfon to the Gentlemen,

(Scotland.) who are. appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to restrain Apprentices, Tradestnen, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for granting to Proprietors of amending and widening Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing . Turnpike Road, at or near

and in fbme Parts narrow, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and varying the Powers, of Two Acts passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dmfian's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for the Road from the present Place called Makenade

Accounts prerented; Customs.

Chatham

{load.

of Game.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; "he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ojders,

An-Account of the Expences of the Revenue Establishment of Customs in Nova Scotia, from Michaelmas 1763 to the 7th of September 1767: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Produce of Duties collected in Nova Scotia, by virtue of the Acts of 6th George the Second, and 4th George the Third, being the only Duties collected in that Province, from September 1763 to the 7th of September 1767, when the American Revenue was placed under the Management Of the Board at Boston: And also.

An Account of the Enumerated Duty paid on Goods exported to Nova Scotia, from the different Ports in America, between the Year 1763 and 7th of September 1767, whpn the American Revenue was placed under the Management of the Board at Boston, and from the West India J (lands, from the Year 1763 to 1773 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr, Knight reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament of the 3d and 17th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next the City of Rochester, to Saint Cross, near

the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and of several other Gentlemen of that Part of the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined

Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross, and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County: And that Mr. Knight, Mr. Marshan, and Sir William Mayne, da prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Quis: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes Grill, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Gascoyne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N® Copy of an Act passed in the Island of Barbadoes, September 12th, 1663, intituled, "An Act for " settling an Impost on the Commodities of the Growth " of this Island And also,

N° 2. Copy of an Act passed in the Island of Antigua, May 19, 1668, intituled, "An Act for the Settlement of the Custom or Duty of Four and an Half " per Cent And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Act passed in the Island of St. Christopher, June 10th, 1727, intituled, "An Act to " subject all Goods and Commodities of the Growth " and Produce of the late French Part of the Island of " Saint Christopher, which are, or shall be, shipped off " from the said Island, to the Payment of the Four I. and an Half per Cent. Duty, and to ascertain at what " Places all the Duties of Four and an Half Cent.

" shall be received And also,

N° 4. Copy of an Act passed in the Island of

the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him Christopher, January 30th, 1749-50, intituled, " An

to report the fame,' as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after- wards delivered "it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts of the 3d and 17th Years of the Reign of his kte Majesty,. were read. And,

Mr. Thomas Luke, Clerk to the Trustees, informed your Committee, That several Sums of Money have Been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which, with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied; and that the Sum of £. 700. is now owing on thp Credit of the said Acts, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road scept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts 16

" Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Year" " One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, intituled, An Act to subject all Goods and Commodities of the Growth and Produce of the late French " Part of the Island of Saint Crijlopher, which are, or " shall be, shipped off from the said Island, to the Pav- ment of the Four and an Half Cent. Duty; and " to ascertain at what Places all the Duties of Four " and an Half per Cent, shall be received; and for making the Port of Deep Bay, in this Island, One of " the Places where the said Duty of Four and an Half " per Cent, shall be payable And also,

N° 5. Copy of an Act passed in the Island of Nevis, April 28, 1664, intituled, "An Act for settling an

" Impost

Qsifl\

Nal

Pull's and Grili'i

Account

presented; West Indies

__1.

-r

16 Geo. III. 29" Novembris 467

" Import; on the Commodities of the Growth of this That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" IslandAnd also. That it will be adviseable to admit a direct Importation

N° 6. Copy of an Act passed in the Island of Mont- into the Province of Nova Scotia, by His Majesty’s

fcrat, April 15th, 1668, intituled, "An Act declaring Subjects, in Ships and Vessels qualified by Law, of all

" the former Grant of the Duty of Four and an Half Wines, Oranges, Lemons, Currants, and Raisins, the

" per Cent, loft and null within this Island, &c.:" And Growth and Produce of any Foreign Country what-

also, soever, provided such Wines, Oranges, Lemons, Cyr-

N° 7. Copy of an Act passed in the Island of Mont- rants, and Railins, be imported directly from the Place

/era!, April 16, 1668, intituled, "An Act for new of their Growth and Produce, and provided, also, fliat

granting and confirming the Duty or Custom of Four the said Commodities be not imported into any other " and an Halfp<?r Cent.:" And also, Port or Place within the said Province, except the Port

N° 8. Copy of an Act passed in the Islands of Tor- of Halifax, tot a, Span'tjh Town, Joes Tandy kes, and the other Virgin A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That

Islands, February 2d, 1774, intituled, "An Act to l'ub- the further Consideration of the said Report foe adjourned " jed all Goods and Commodities of the Growth and till Morning next;

" Produce of the Islands of Tortola, Spanish Town, Joes It passed in the Negative.

Vandyke, and the other Virgin Islands, which shall be The First llesolution of the Comtpittee being read ft

" shipped from the said Islands, to the Payment of Second Time;

" a Duty of Four and an Half per Cent.; and to after- An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, u tain at what Places all the Duties of Four and an by inserting after the Word " America" these Words,

" although the same be exported upon Certificate from " Great ."

And the Question being put, that llaofe Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made tq the said Resolution, by inserting after the Word " jfme~

" rica," these Words, " Certificate Goods exported from " Great Britain to Nova Scotia not being included."

And the Question being put, That tKole Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to

" Half per Cent, shall be paid and received."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of tike House.

The laid. Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Nova Scotia. Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the . Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Letter communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker, upon the a6th Day of

QElober l ift, dated Halifax, Nova Scotia, July 4, 1775

and signed " IV. Nesbitt, Speaker," together with a the said Resolution, by adding at the End. thereof these

Paper inclosed therein, intituled, " The Address, Petition, and Memorial, of the Representatives of thfe " Freeholders of the Province of flova Scotia, in General Afl'embly." v

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as fol-ioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proposition contained in the Address, Petition, and Memorial, of the House of Assembly of the Province erf- Nova Scotia, of granting to His Majesty, in Perpetuity, a Duty of Poundage, ad upon all

Commodities imported into the Province of Nova Scotia, being the Produce of the Dominions in

Words, " This House not having determined what those " Commodities are, or what Duties ftia.ll be imposed " upon them."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in thp Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon thf Question put. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the ing severally read a Second Time,

Question severally put thereupon,

House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said. Resolutions: And that the Lord iNorth, Lord George Germain, Mr. Charles Townshend, tfoe lx>rd Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooperand Mr. do prepare.

Commit t tee, be-were, upon the agreed to by the.

not being the

Europe and America (Bay Salt excepted) the said Duty and bring in, the lame, to be disposed of by Parliament, is fit to be accepted,

and that the Amount of the said Duty should be Eight \ A Motion was made, and the C^iaeftion befog pro-Pounds per Centum, upon all such Commodities. posed. That, when the Public Exigencies of the State

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' may require any further Supplier from the Province of ’ That when and as soon as an Act, or Acts, shall have Nova Scotia, then, according to the Prayer of the Peti-been passed by the General Assembly of the said Pro- tion of the said Province, Inch Recjuifitions ftiopld be vince of Nova Scotia, conformable -to the foregoing made as have been formerly practite<l ip North,

Resolution, and His Majesty shall have given His whereby the said Province may. brave an Opportunity of Royal Approbation to such Act or Acts* all and every shewing their Duty and Attachment, for their Sovereign, Duty, T ax, and Assessment, upon any Goods, Wares, and their Sense of the Cause for which lu?h Requisitionj or Merchandize, imported into the said Province, and were made, by Means of which alone His Majesty can Which Duty, Tax, and Assessment, hath been imposed be made acquainted with the true Sense of hfis and levied within the said Province, by any Act or Acts in that distant Province;

of Parliament now in Force, ought to cease and be And the previous Question loeing put, Tb$t

discontinued; and that, for so long as the Act or Acts Question be now put;

Pitta.

of Assembly, for granting to His Majesty the said Poundage Duty, shall continue so Force, no other or further Duties, Taxes, or Assessments, ought to be im-poled or levied by Act of Parliament, within the said Province, except such Duties only as it may be expedient to continue to lev)-, or to impose, for the Regulation of Commerce, the Nett Produce of the Duties lait mentioned to be carried to the Account of the . laid Province.

Vox.. 35.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdkn for the Yeas,

Tel!«, for the Nocs,{ JJr.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the -Question befog put. That it appears <0 this House, tfoat the granting d*

Power

} 12 / s?;.

4-68 290 Novembris. — i* Decentbris. 1775.

Power to the Colony of JVJnxi Scotia, of proceeding for the Supply of the future Exigencies of Government by the Mode of Requisition formerly used in North rica, was the Condition on which the Colony of Seotia did make the Offer of granting the Revenue in their Petition expressed;

It passed in the Negative. *

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, although the Terms of the Resolution of this House, of the 27th Day of February 1775, relative to the Colonies in Americado fecm literally to require, that the Offer therein mentioned should be made by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, or General Court of any Province, the true Intent and Meaning of the same does not require any thing more, in order to be accepted by this House, than that it should be made by the House of Representatives of such Province; and also, though the said Resolution fee ms to require that the said Offer should be a Proportion, according to the Condition, Circumstances, and Situation of such Province, yet that the true Meaning of the find Resolution doth purport, that any Duties which this House shall approve, will be accepted as a Compliance with the aid Resolution, although no Grounds for determining the said Proportion be laid before this House; and also, although the said Resolution does seem literally to require that they should engage to make Provision for the Support of the Civil Government and Administration of Justice in such Province, the same doth not require that any other Provision for Civil Government should be made, than what such Province hath been accustomed to make;

It passed in the Negative.

Accomu Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ordered; Account of the Grofe and Net Produce of all the Duties American laid by Act of Parliament, and Payable in North *'° rica, from September 1765 to September 1775 indufive,

or as far as the same have been received; distinguishing the Time when the last Accounts were received; and also

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to encourage A dr venturers to make Discovery of a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, upon any Meridian whatsoever, and also to give a suitable Reward to such Person or Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Mar, ne Forces while on Shore, was read a Second lime. force#.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit not- Committer*, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom* Supply^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- W«y* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *B<* Me*n* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

distinguishing each Province, and the Produce of each Article and each Year, together with the Charges of collecting and managing the feme.

Ordered, TKaf there be laid before this House, an Account of the Application of the Monies arising from the Duties collected and received in America, by Act of Parliament; distinguishing the Services to which the said Monies have been severally applied, the Persons receiving the feme, and the Time and Confederation of such Receipt, from September 1765 to September 1775, or as far as the same can be made up.

8tockbridge The House being informed, that John Frofi

Eic&ioa. Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an unclue Election and Return for the Borough of Stock-bridge, in the County of , desires to with-

draw his foid Petition;

Ordered, That Leave be given to the said John Frofi Widmore, Esquire, to withdraw his feid Petition.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 31st Day ef October last, for taking the said Petition into Confederation u£on Friday Morning next, be discharged.

Nova Scotia. Ordered, That the Address, Petition, and Memorial, of the Representatives of the Freeholders of the Province of Nova Scotia, in General Assembly, which was communicated to this House by Mr. Speaker upon the 26th Day of October last, be printed.

Militia. Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor be added to the Gentlemen, tvho are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. /

Northern The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

Bfcovery this Joftont for the House

Veneris, I ° die Decembrist

Anno 16* Georgii IIIU* Regis, 177$.

Prayers.

QHARLES Quift took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Basingstoke of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year Road#, of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " High Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane,

" Sutton., Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of

" Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Comer, in the County of Wilts, and also for repairing and " widening the Road from Spiltlehonfe, over to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of Southampton," as relates to the Roads from Basingstoke to Lobcomb Comer, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr^ 3, 1. 26. After " Russell" to insert Sambrooke " Nicholas Ru/Jell, Clerk."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refobued, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of ib much bf an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening tire High Roads " frosti Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton,

uey.

v

16 Geo. III.

i® Decembris.

469

Edinburgh

Election.

Paul and Grill's Nat.

Boniall,

See.

Inclosure.

" Hey, and Stockbridge, in the County of

" to a Place called Lobcomb in the County of

Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse, over Weyhill, to Mullen's Pond, in

u the said County of Southampton," as relates to the ."Roads from Basingstoke to Lobcomb in the County of Wilts.

And several Members returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for tfyofe Purposes;

Ordered, That Captain Luttrell do carry the said Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that James Francis Erjiine, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Edinburgh, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

Ordered, That Leave be given to the said James Francis Erskine, Esquire, to withdraw his said Petition. *

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 10th Day of Novemberlaft, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Wednesday next, be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes Grill, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes Grill.

Ordered, That Mr. Elutes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of Bonsall,

Wirksworth, and Matlock, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Curzon, Lord George Ctvendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Lawrence Zinck, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes, Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Stroudwater - Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set, being Proprietors of Shares of Money subscribed, and Undertakers, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about the Market Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, were referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; fend is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the Act of the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for making the said River navigable from Framiload tp Stroud, was read. And, Mr. Thomas Teamans, being examined, said. That . VOL. 35.

Zinck’s

Nat.

some Part of the Works directed by the said A have been begun, particularly Framiload Look or Sluice is near finished, and that about a Mile of* the Canal lm been cut, which is all that has been done towards the Navigation; that the Sluice is upon the Canal.

Mr. Joseph Grazebrook, being examined, laid. That the Sum of £.4,000, and upwards, has been expended in the Works of the Navigation, anci in the Purchase of Lands; and that when the Navigation was begun, he did not conceive any Opposition would be made to it; but that after the Undertakers had cut through a Piece of Land, which has finte been d ifputed, and were got into Land of their own, it was signified to them, that there were some Doubts whether they had a Right to proceed or not; that the Land in Dispute was about 100 Yards from the River, and about 150 Yards-in Length; that above a Month had passed, and near Half a Mile had been cut before he heard of any Objection; that between Three and Four hundred Pounds had been laid out in Materials, and much of the Ground broke, by which a considertibie Sum would have been loft had not the Works been continuedi that they were obliged to continue their W'orks, otherwise what had been done would have been destroyed by the Waters; that it was about Six or Eight Weeks after the Commencementtoi the Works, that he had Notice of an intended Opposition; that the Proprietors of the Works were not served with a Copy of a Writ, until sometime after they had entered the disputed Land, and the Works had been proceeded upon.

Mr. John JepJ'on, being examined, laid. That at tl.c

First Meeting of the Proprietors at , after the

Witness and his Partner (who were the then Agents

for the Proprietors) had heard of the intended Oppofi.

tion, it was proposed, that an Offer should be made to

the Opposers, to try at the then next GZotccester Assizes,

any Question they should make concerning the Powers

of the Act, upon a feigned Issue; that the PropofaJ

was made to the Person concerned for the Opposition

who called a Meeting of the Opposers, to propose to

them to come into that Agreement, which they refund

that he cannot tell whether the Propofol was mad*

before or after an Action was commenced and rV. ► uC

does not recollect that any Proposal was then m.

suspend the Works till the Caulf wastried" I?adc l°

the Action then depending, and to try it UnlT Question of Right. try it upon the

Mr Thomas Teomans, being further examined, said.

That the making the Navigation *5 prescribed by the Act, will be liable to many Difficulties and Obstructions particularly by the Millers and dVa^ng down

their Heads ot Water, and from the innumerable Shoals that are thrown up in Winter Floods -, that instead of bringing Boats loaded with Seventy Tons, tihey would ' not be able in short Water Time to carry One Third of that Burthen; this also would happen vo Boats passing upwards, and as the Imports in a\\ Probability will be much more than the 'E.-xports, it would be more detrimental to all Boats pafbrs g upwards than downwards, from the Shoals and before mentioned; that in Times of Flood a Vvvver "negation is much obstructed; that he ap ^"enrpSr.. w. could make the River capable of receiving p. coming from Bristol and other 1*1*1 ces the,

Severn, but that it will cost double the SunPtbc intended Navigation will, and be liable to the Impe '* ments above mentioned; that loaded Trows could not navigate the River, but their Cargoes mu ft. be unloaded into Three or Four Lighters to proceed up the fame; and that if Power was given to make Cuts, according to the Plan annexed to the Petition, and some Amendments were made to the former he apprehends a

complete Navigation might be made, ^hich would admit of Trows of Seventy Tons 13urthe/1 [;iS

Navigation; and that he proj edited f/je Qf t e

Navigation with a View to that JPurpo/

6 D Ajtiord

Q

Stroud water Navigation.

Ditto.

Game

(Scotland.)

47°

Decembris.

A. 1775.

Richard Owen Cambridge, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the making the new Canal Navigation will be of great Benefit to the adjacent Roads; that a River Navigation mud be prejudicial to the Mills, which, he apprehends, the present intended Navigation will not; and that the making the Canal Navigation will be of public Utility.

John CapeI, Esquire, being examined, said, That the making the intended Canal Navigation will be of great public Utility, particularly by the great. Consumption of Coals for the Use of the Manufacturers; and that if this Navigation takes place, it will be of great Use to the Poor, as within his Memory, he believes, Half the Woods in that Neighbourhood have been destroyed, which has rendered Fuel much dearer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to " Will bridge, near the Town of Sroud in the same " County;" and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wall-bridge aforesaid: And that Mr. Sir William

Guise, Mr. Blackwell, Mr. Whand Mr. Burke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worce/ler, in Council assembled, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, for making a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of ter, to join the Staff ordjkire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at or near a Place called Stourton in the County of Stafford, and allb for making Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, by Means of such intended Canal and collateral Cuts, great Quantities of Coal, Iron Goods, Glals-house*Pot Clay, and other Wares and Merchandizes, will be carried and navigated at a cheaper Rate to the fad City and other Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners, as well as many Parts of the said County of V/ireejier, may be supplied with the said Commodities, and particularly with Coals, upon lower Terms than at present, which will be of great public Benefit, and essentially serviceable to the Trade and Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the Hpule shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir George Suttie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain Apprentices, Tradesmen, and other unqualified Persons, from destroying the Game, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for granting to Proprietors of Lands in Scotland further Powers with regard to killing of Game: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Knight presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and few amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Jord Lane End, in the Parish or in the said

County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Fa/gate, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read, throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Pownall presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of the Petition to His Majesty, from the General Congress in America, delivered to the Earl of Dartmouth, One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, on the ill of September 1775, by Richard Penn and Arthur Lee, Esquires.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes:

The Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SeiSon.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned to the 24th December 1775, inclusive.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

C hatha ni Rood.

Sr. Leonard Shoreditch Streets.

American

Colonies.

Estimate presented5 Army.

1

ESTIMATE

Marine

Forces.

16 Geo. III. i° Decembris.

471

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times under-mentioned, to the 24th December 1775 inclusive.

Augmentation to Lieut. General Eliot's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from the 25 th November 1775 to the 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 30 Days -Ditto to Major General Burgoyne's, from 25th August 1775, to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 122 Days - -

Augmentation to Lord John Murray's Regiment of Foot, from 23th June 1773 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 183 Days r

Two additional Companies to the said Regiment, from 25th August 1773 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 122 Days -

Augmentation to the Duke of Argyle's Regiment, 2 Battalions, for the same Time - - - - * -

Augmentation to Sir Charles Montague's Regiment of Foot, for the same Time -

Ditto to Five more Regiments of Foot, for the same Time - -

Augmentation to Lieut. General Hodgson's Regiment, for the same Time - -

Ditto to Thirty-one more Regiments of Foot, for the same Time -

Augmentation to Lord Robert Bertie's Regiment of Fuzileers, from 25th August 1773 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 122 Days -Augmentation to the iff and 2d Battalions of the Royal American Regiment of Foot, for the same Time Two additional Battalions to the said Regiment, for the same Time - -

Major General Frafer's Regiment of Highlanders, consisting of Two Battalions, from the 23th October 1773 to the 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 61 Days -

Total

Saving on the Charge of an Augmentation for the Year

ins.....-

Remains to be provided -

Numbers. Charge of the Augmentation. total.

£ S. d.

96 - - 265 10 —

55 I5I 597 — 863 6 —

691 - - 4>927 5 6

232 923 1,319 12 8 6,246 18 4

4QO - - 1,769

200 - - 884 IO

1,000 r- - 1,600 4,422 IO 7,076

' 334 - - 1,728 6 8

io.354 10,688 53.57s 6 8 55.306 13 4

- " 334 - " 1,740 10 8

400 - - ON VO 1 1

L354 1.754 9,082 18 — 10,851 18 —

2,298 - 6,838 2

- - 17.748 - - 88,923 8 2

VO Oo 00 Vr\ 1

- - -£ 80,984 13 2

War-Office, 30th November 1773.

Barrington,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

Vox.. 33.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the laid Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair* of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments

47*

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the Hdufe will please to receive the lame,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

King’* Ordered., That all have Voices who come to the IndofurT Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing King’s Sedgmoor, in the County of , is committed.

Amnion A Bill to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the _Trade Colonies of New Hampfh, Rhode

Reoriaioa. ljhnd, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey,

the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an -Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, laden or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset'sBay j and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for the Yeas, } 2°7-

Tellers for the Noes,|jJ; J 55-

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, re-lolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill; '

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " next," and inferring the Word " sevennight " instead thereof!

And the Question being put, That the Word " next " Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdfers for the Year, {Joha } 53-

Tellers for the Noes, $r- } 24.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A 1775-

A Petition of James Rogers, confined in His Majesty’* Gaol of Newgate.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is extremely sorry for having incurred the Displeasure of the House, in prevaricating in his Evidence before the Committee appointed to try the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of ,in the County of Somerset; and that the Petitioner is sensible of his great Offence, and of the Justice of the House; and hopes, as his further Confinement will be prejudicial to his Health, that the House will order him to be released from the feme.

Ordered, That the said James Rogers be brought to the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, in order to his being discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

L uncBy40 die Decem;

Anno 160 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

AMeffage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T ana To, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Army; for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any e erooD* Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia, to enable His Majesty, for a limited Time, to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the Parliament, in the Cafes and Manner therein mentioned; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lord Chre’t, to enable the Right honourable Robert' Craggs Lord.

Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable Wtilbore Ellis, to take in Great Britain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the' enjoyment of the said Offices; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

i* — 4° Dec.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Prevarication Ordered, That Mr. Frederick have Leave to

*" make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Eleven of the Clock.

for And he moved the House accordingly; and presented Pardoq. to the House,

sto

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molineaux,

Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to Royal Aflat attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of to Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty- in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service . ’ of

j6 Geo. III.

4° Decembris.

473

of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act to enable His Majesty, for a limited Time, to call out and assemble the Militia, in all Cases of Rebellion, within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and to lum-mon the Parliament, in the Cafes and Manner therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Right honourable Robert Craggs Lord Viscount Clare, and the Right honourable Wellbore Ellis, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all His Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom ' of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for thd Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act for naturalizing John Martin Fujhs: .

An Act for naturalizing Francis Anthony Rougemont:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ten Broeke.

Ivelchester Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee, Election. who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, and also the Petition of James Corry and John Cox, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Inhabitants, Householders, Parishioners, and Voters, within the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Peregrine Cust, Esquire, the Sitting Member, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That William Innes, Esquire, the Sitting Member, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Sorter let:

for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Fa I gate, in the- said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles Quift, was read a Quid’* Second Time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes,

Mr. Griffith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Gunby cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the and Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable NincioTurc!m and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Wit ham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Afterby cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing and certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pal- ^ic^uiur/ tures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Townships of Afterby and Goulceby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And also, That the said Select Committee have The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Northern determined, Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to cn- Paffajje

1 hat Richard Brown, Esquire, is not duly elected a - courage Adventurers to make Discovery of a Northern D»fcover>\ Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Passage from Europe to the Western and Southern Ocean Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset: of America, upon any Meridian whatsoever, and also to

And also, That the said Select Committee have give a suitable Reward to such Person or Persons as shall determined, penetrate to the North Role.

That Inigo William Jones, Esquire, is not duly elected Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee*

Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And also, That the said Select Committee have Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, determined, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

That the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him present Parliament for the said Borough of Ivelchester, to report, when the Ilouie will please to receive the was a void Election. fame.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

} entered in the Journals of this House. Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Marine

the electing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Forces. Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s County of Somerset, in the room of Peregrine Cust and Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed;

William Innes, Esquires, whose Election for the said Ordered, That Sir Hugh Palliser do make the said

Borough has been declared void. Report.

Sir Hugh Palliser accordingly reported from the said Prevarication James Rogers was, according to Order, brought to Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had in the Bar; where he received a Reprimand from Mr. made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be re-

Evidenc*?. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of ported to the House; and he read the Report in his Custody, paying his Fees. Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

8 ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend*

' St. Leonard, An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Shoreditch, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally I Streets. His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

GqOqIp

474 4° — 5 Decembris. A. !77S-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That ingrossed. the Committee had examined, and found that the

Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April The other Orders of the Day being read; 1774, relative to the Turnpike Bills, bad been complied

Supply. Resolved', That this House will, upon Wednesday with; and that the Committee had examined the

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; to His Majesty. and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame. Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday was readand is as followeth; viz.

and Means. Corning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Acts were read. And,

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Mr. John Wyche, being examined, said, That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on Morning, Ten of the Clock. the Credit thereof, which cannot be repaid, nor the

Roads effectually repaired and widened, unless the* Terms of the Acts are enlarged, and further Powers granted.

And by an Account produced to your Committee, it appeared, that the Sum of £.1,875 is due and owing on the Credit of triie said Acts. Then,- -

Mr. Henry Lai am, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the North End of the Bridge, in the Parish of St. Mart iris Stamford Baron, in the County-Exporting A PETITION of the Merchants in Liverpool, of Northampton, through the Parishes of St. Mary, St.

Provisions, jLx. whose Names are subscribed, was presented to John, and All Saints, to Scot Gate, in the Parish of <S/ *c* the House, and read; Setting forth, That the British John, in the Town and Borough of Stamford (being Islands in the West Indies, and the Island of Newfound- upwards of 500 Yards in Length) is in a ruinous Con-laud, have been hitherto supplied from the Continent dition, and very narrow in feme Places by reason of of North America, with Wheat, Wheat Meal, Bread, many Houses and Buildings projeCling into it; and and other Articles of Provision, which Supplies are by particularly, that the Arch at the End of the Bridge* the present Disputes with America entirely withheld and under the Town Hall, is so narrow and low, that from the numerous Inhabitants of the said Islands; Waggons are obliged to unload before they can pass and that it is impossible to ascertain the Quantities through the fame; and from the general Narrowness of necessary for the Sustenance of so many Islands, already the Road, great ObflrudUons happen to the Public, and abounding with People, daily increasing by the Arrival Lives have been loft.

of fresh Supplies of Negroes, and where the Heat of That the said Road is Part of the Great Northern the Climate renders every Article of Provision liable to Road; and in order to make the same safe and com- speedy Decay: And therefore praying, That the Peti- modious, it will be necessary to pull down several tioners may have Leave to export Wheat, Wheat Houses and Buildings, and also to take off Part of the Meal, Biscuit, Bread, and Pease, to any of the British Angles of St. Marys and All Saints Church Yards. Islands in America, or that such other Relief may be That the Money necessary for the above Purposea granted as the House may judge needful. will be upwards of £.3,500, of which £.3,150 has

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the been already lubscribed; and the Corporation of Stam Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, ford have agreed to give up several of their Houses to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of for the Accommodation of the Public; and that all the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County the Owners of Houses and Buildings necessary to be of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions taken down have been applied to; that there will pro-and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery bably be an Annual Surplus of the Tolls out of the , carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) Wansford District of Road of about £. 198, and the

and of the several other Petitions referred to the Con- Money is agreed to be lent to the Subscribers at £.4

sideration of the said Committee. per Cent. and that the Trustees of the said District have

already upwards of £. 900 in Hand.

Wansford Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, to The Witness further said. That the Road, from the whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- Termination of the prefenc Turnpike Road, in the

Roads. cution Two Acts made, One in the 22d Year of the Parish of Bourn, in the County of Lincoln, to the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, in- Market Cross in Bourn (being about 250 Yards intituled, "An Act for effectually amending and repair- Length) cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws " ing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge, in the now in being, and it would make the Communication <c County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough more perfect, and be of public Convenience, if the u of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln," and the said Roads through Stamford and Bourn were repaired other in the 29th Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, in- and widened.

tituled, " An Act for enlarging and altering the Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring In a Bill for

Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made <s 22d Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, for effectually in the 22nd and 29th Years of the Reign of King George

" amending and repairing the Road leading from the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford

*c Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town

" the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln,

M of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the and from Stamford to Bourn in the said County; and " Borough of Stamford to Stapleford Bridge, in the for repairing and widening the Road from the North " Parish of Ryhall, in the County of Rutland, and End of the Bridge to Scotgate, in Stamford, and from " from thence to Bourn, in the County of Lincolnthe Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other In- of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn; And that Sir habitants, of the County of Lincoln, and of the Town George Howard and Mr. Cecil do prepare, and bring in, and Borough of Stamford, in the said County, whose the lame.

14 Mr.

Martisy50 die Decembris; Anno 16° Georgii III*H Regis, 1775. Prayers.

ie

15 Geo. III.

Decembris.

475

Quift's

Nat.

Hinksey

Jaclosure.

Warwick

thro’

Southam

Road.

Doncaster

to

Bawtry

Road.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Chur Its Quifi was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tov be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Simon Earl court, Lord of the Manor of North , otherwise

Ferry Hinksey, in the County of and others.

Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of North Hinksey, otherwise Ferry Hinksey aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, and in the said other Commonable Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Laid Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Griffith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Trullees for repairing and widening the Road, from the great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Soutkam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton, and of the several Mortgagees of the Tolls taken at the Gates or Turnpikes erected on the said Road, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trullees, appointed by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the said Road, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, amounting to the Sum of £. 2,70©, (for no Part whereof any Interest hath yet been paid, except for £. 200, Part thereof) which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in amending the * said Road,. but the same cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the ’said Act are continued and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BillJ for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for maVing the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Greville, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

9

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of York and Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Vo i. 35.

delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the fern* was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Henry Jackson being examined, said. That the Road leading from Doncaster to Bawtry, in the County of York, through the Townships or Parishes of Doncaster,

Cantley, Rojfington, Aujierfield, and Harworth, in the

Counties of York and Nottingham, being Part of the Great Road from London to York and Edinburgh, and about 8 Miles and a Quarter in Length, is in a ruinous Condition; and that Passengers are frequently obliged to turn out of the Road, and go over the adjoining Grounds; and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the Laws now in being.

Mr. George Broadrick, being examined, laid, That the Road from Blyth, and also the Road from both lead into and join the Road intended to be repaired within the Distance of 200 Yards of each other, near the Place where a Turnpike is proposed to be erected, and that it is necessary. to erect a Gate at the End of each of those Roads; that if the Trullees. were empowered to purchase a small Quantity of Land, at the End of those Roads, so as to make the Communication of those Roads a few Yards nearer the Place where the Turnpike is proposed to foe erected than at present, one Person would be enabled to collect *

the Tolls at all the Three Gates, which would be A great Saving to the Trull.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill» for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Doncaster to Bawtry, in the Counties of" York and Nottingham: And that Sir George Savile, NTr. Lascelles, and, Mr. Charles Mellish,' do prepare, and foring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Warmingwa Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Inckriure. Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Warmington, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to aVfr. Skip-wit k, Mr. Greville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in tfoe Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Alderman, and Burgeflbs, Stourbridge of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County Can*h of Warwick, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, and also of the Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants in and near the same Borough was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth *

That the Petitioners obferye, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Wor-cejlerfhireCanal Navigation, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and allb for making Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delplt, to communicaie with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will open a Communication with several Coal "Mines bordering on such Canal and Cuts; by Means whereof the said Borough and Neighbourhood thereof will be better supplied with Coals, and at a cheaper Rate, than at present, and Flour and Grain may be forwarded from the said Borough and Parts adjacent into a very populous Country, lying in the Neighbourhood of the said Canal and Cuts, which will be of great public Benefit: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr.

Account presentrd; Transports.

Northern

PafTu^e

Discovery.

King’s

Scdgrm>or

Inclosure.

Chatham

Road.

Exportirg Pro* ilions, dee.

476 50 Dec e mb ris. A. 1775.

Mr. Bailer, from the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral ot Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the 'Fransports taken up, or contracted for, iincc September 1773 to September 1775; describing the Tonnage, and what has been paid, or contracted to be paid, for the fame.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Revenue augmented; and that the Petitioners are alarmed at the Conseqifences which rnuft happen to the said Colonies, ihoukl the Non-Exportation Agreement in North America be adhered to; from whence those Colonies have hitherto been supplied with very large' Quantities of Bread, Flour, Rice, Indian Corn, Live Stock, and other Provisions, also Lumber and various other Articles absolutely necessary and requisite for their Sufic nance and Support; and that the Petitioners are very anprehensive the pretent Interruption of such Supplies will greatly distress the said Colonies, and be very prejudicial to their Commerce with them: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration

Mr. Mackworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage Adventurers to make Discovery of a Northern Passage from Europe to the Western and Southern Ocean of America, upon any Meridian whatsoever, and also to give a fu it able Reward to such Person or Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole, was committed,* the Amendments which the Committee had fr^dc to the Bill; and which they had directed him to rewrt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Slade, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing Kino’s in

the County of Somerset; And setting to~th, That the Petitioner, by virtue of and under a Grant from his late Majesty King Edward the Sixth, is entitled to a Part of the Soil of the said Moor, as Parcel of the Waite of his Manor of North Petherton, in the said County: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, touching his Interest in the said 'Moor; and that he may have such Relief in the Premises as he shall appear to be entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repaying the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Croft, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Makemde Corner, in the Parish of Prejion, to Bagham Cross, and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of ham, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. Knight, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the unhappy Situation the Sugar Colonies must be in, while such Supplies are withheld from them, and wherein their Commerce may be involved, and grant such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. I

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to‘prohibit all Trade and Inter-course with the Colonies of New

set's Bey, Rhode Island, ConnNew York, New

Jersey, Penfylvanin, the Three lower Counties on

ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies reflectively; for repealing an Ail made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to disconfinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Bay, and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restrainifig the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts reflectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to ifllie Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Inllruilion to the said Committee, that they do divide and separate the said Bill into Two Bills;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for (he Yeas. {]£ } 3+.

Tellers for the Noes } ?6'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That

they had made a Piogreis in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Merchants of ,was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners carry on a considerable Trade to the British . Sugar Colonies, on their own Accounts; whereby the Manufactures of this Kingdom are encouraged, and the 16

Anrncan

Tr.de

Reilri&ioa.

.r

16 Geo. III.

6° Decembris.

477

Mercurii, 6° d Decembris;

Anno 16° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Quirt’s A N ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Quijl, was JTjl read the Third Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Charles Quifi.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the 24th December *775, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Grey Cooper also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Northern An ingrossed Bill to encourage Adventurers to make Passa ge Discovery of a Northern Passage from Europe to the Ducovery. \yestern and Southern Ocean of America, upon any Meridian whatsoever, and also to give a suitable Reward to such Person or Persons as shall penetrate to the North Pole, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 34. To leave out " Fifteen," and insert " Thirteen " instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the and Pacific Oceans, and

also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One Degree of the Northern Pole.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leif-h A Petition of Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, Lord of the Juclosure. Manor of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the County of Worcester. Patron of the Parish Church of Leigh, and Impropriator of all the Great and Small Tythes arising and renewing within the said Parish, except in the

Hamlet or Tything of Brock amine, in the said Parish, and also of the Small Tythes or Tenths arising within the Chapelry or Hamlet of Brandsford, alias ford, in the said Parish, and likewise an Owner and Proprietor of great Part of the said Common Fields, and of the other Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, and entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common and Waste JLand, and the Reverend John Rawlins, Clerk, ltedbor of the PariQi.

Church of Leigh aforesaid, and as such enticed to the Glebe Land of and belonging to the said Parish, and to all Tythes and Tenths, both Great and Small, arising or renewing within the said Hamlet or Tything of Brockamine, and also to all the Small 'Tythes arising

within all other Parts of the said Parish, except in the said Chapelry or Hamlet of Brands for alias Braunce-ford, and of several other Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open or Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or TraCf of Common and Waste Land, called The Link, and a\f° other Common and Waste Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement anc^ that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, if said Common Fields and Common and Waste Land were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a. Rill for dividing and inclosing the said Common 'Fields and Common and Waste Land, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House ilia.ll appear reaton-able and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Mon- Call of the day the 29th Day of January next. House.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon Monday the 29th Day of January next.

Copies of which Letters are as follow 5 viz.

9

From the House of Commons, the 6th Lecemlrer 77 J

SIR,

1 am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you, That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the 29th Day of January next and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the said House.

I am. Sir,

Your humble Servant,

Fir Norton, Speaker*

From the House of Commons, the 6th December 1775.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the "House of Commons to de-fire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports, to attend their Service in Parliament on Monday the 29th Day of January next.

Your JLordship will allb be pleased to give me

6 F *

Ways and Means.

American Trade Rest rift ion.

Cardigan

Election.

478 — 7° Decembris. 1775*

an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lord ship’s Most humble and obedient Servant,

FT Norton, Speaker.

To the Right honourable the Earl 1 of Holdernesse, I>ord Warden of

the Cinque Ports.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the I louse to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other of the Day being read;

The House rcfoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prohibit all Trade and Intercoprfe with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset'sBay, Rhode Island,

Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland,

North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of in the Pro-

vince of Massachuset's Bay; and allb Two Acts, made in ‘the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the jame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,7® die Decembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1775. Prayers.

MR. Ord, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine 'the Merits of the Petition of Thomas Johnes, the younger, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Boroughs of Car-dgan, Aberystwith, and Lampeter, on Behalf of them-

lelves and other legal Burgesses of the said Boroughs, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, informed the House, That -the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan.

And also. That the said Select Committee have de- termined,

»7

That Thomas Johnes the younger, Esquire, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Cud Borough of Cardigan:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Thomas Johnes the younger, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve- in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cardigan.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, and amend the lame, by rafing out the Name of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, and inferring the Name of Thomas Johnes the younger, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pechell and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road " from The West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle " upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont " Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mid, " and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River " Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland," without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nis Niffen and Gabriel Mar-

wade, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, belonging to the Parish of Long Stow, in Upthorpe Mixed Field, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick with , in the County of Huntingdon, to make a proper Dilhibution of the Lands within the said Mixed Field, between the Proprietors of Lands in the Parish of Long Stow and the Proprietors of Lands in the Parish of Spaldwick; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, if Provision were made in the said Bill, to enable the Petitioners to exchange the Lands to be allotted to them in the said Field, for any other Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Long Stow: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the Common Fields of Long Stoiv and Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition now presented.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants of Lan-casler, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British -Fishery carried on at Newfoundland and the Places adjacent)

Newcastle upon Tyne fee. Road.

Niffrn’s

and

Marwxde’s

Nau

Spaldwick

with

Upthorpe

Inclosure.

Exporting

Provisions,

See.

American

Trade

Rcftii&iofh

American

Colonies.

16 Geo. III. 70

479

jacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Planters of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies residing in Great Bri, and of the Merchants of London trading to the said Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having, upon a former Occasion, dated and laid before the House, with all the Accuracy and Precision of which they were capable, the Worth and Value of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in West , their national Magnitude, and Importance to Great Britain, their Situation as depending upon their Sifter Colonies in North America for the Maintenance of Property and Support of Life, the Petitioners Fears and apprehensions of Dangers and Dill refs arising out of the unhappy Disputes subsisting between Great Britain and America, they firmly tiufted, if Conciliation did not render it unnecefl'ary, that thele substantial Motives would have made them the Objects of the Confederation and Attention of the House; and that, in the Mid ft of the flattering Expectation that Application might meet a forward Disposition in the House to relieve, the Petitipners Hopes are at once blasted and cut off, by the bringing in of a Bill to prohibit all Trade and intercourse with the Colonies of New Mi'jjlichiifel's Bay, Rhode Island,

New jersey, PenJ'ylvania, the Three lower Counties on jDela ware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia; and that, when the American Congress adopted their Non-importation and Non-exportation Resolve, the Fears naturally arising to the Petitioners from thence, were somewhat abated'by a Reliance, on the Petitioners Parts, of a Relaxation on theirs, at lealt with regard to the Petitioners; but left, happily for the Petitioners, this Event might succeed, the present Bill not only deprives the Petitioners of the Probability, but establishes the Impossibility likewise: And therefore praying, That, upon this Ground, the Petitioners may be allowed to be heard at the Bar, by their Agents and Counsel, against the said Bill; relying on the Wisdom, Goodness, Justice, and Mercy of the House, not only for special Relief in this Instance, but for such further Assistance as the House can give.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, chnfct's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Nezv York,

Nezv Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on

Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in tire Province of Bay, and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, it they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, that the Copy of the Petition to His Majesty, from the General Congrels in America, delivered to the Earl of Dartmouth, One of

Vol. 35.

His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, on the ift of September, 1775, by Richard Penn and Arthur Lee Esquires, which was presented to the Flour fe upon Friday last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly 5

A Motion was made, and the Quo ft ion being put.

That an humble Address be- presented to His Majesty, humbly setting forth. That His Majesty’s Subjects in North America, having, in the most dutiful Manner, laid their Grievances before His Majesty, and having humbly belbught the gracious Interpol! tion of His Royal Authority and Influence to procure them Relief from their alflifting Fears and Jealousies, and having in the most earned Terms declared their Attachment to His Person, Family, and Government, with all the Devotion that Principle and Afleftion can inspire; and having solemnly allured His Majesty, that, connected with Great Britain by the strongest rl'ies that can unite Societies, and deploring every Event that tends in any Degree to weaken them, they not only most ardently desire that the former Harmony may be restor6d between them, but that a Concord may be ' established upon so firm a Basis, as to perpetuate its Blessings, uninterrupted by any future Diflensions, to succeeding Generations in both Countries; and having further allured His Majesty, that, notwithstanding their Sufferings during the Course of the present Controversy, their Breads retain too tender a Regard for the Kingdom frdm whence they derive their Origin, to request nich a Reconciliation as might in any Manner be inconsistent with her Dignity or Welfare; and that the- A^pprehen-fions which now opprels their Hearts with, unspeakable Grief being once removed. His Majesty will find His faithful Subjects in America ready and willing, at all Times, as they ever have been, with their Lives and Fortunes, to assert and maintain the Rights and Interests of His Majesty and of their Mother Country; and having, with all Humility, submitted to His Majesty’s wife Consideration, whether it may not be expedient, that His Majesty be pleased to dire<51 some Mode, by which the united Application of His Co-lonifts may be improved into an happy and permanent Reconciliation: His Majesty’s Faithful 1 Commons humbly beg Leave to represent, that, howtrver well-disposed His Majesty’s Subjects in North America may be, according to their most earned Professions, to return to their former Obedience and constitutional Dependance, yet that the Horrors of War and Blood Hied raging in their Country, must drive them to Dif-traction and Dispair: And further. His Faithful Commons beg have to recommend it to His Afa-jesty’s paternal Consideration, that a Return to their Duty of their own free and voluntary Compliance would ensure a more cordial and permanent Reconciliation than any reluctant Submission, which, through much Bloodshed of His Majesty’s Subjects, could be enforced by the Sword: Therefore His Faithful Commons most humbly beseech His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Orders for putting a Stop to the further Prosecution of Hostilities in America, thereby to prevent the further Destruction of the Lives of His Majesty’s Subjects, and to afford the wished-for Opportunity to His Colonists, of evincing the Sincerity of their Professions, by every Testimony of Devotion, becoming the most dutiful Subjects, and the most affectionate Colonists;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.j^ , } *

Tellers for (he Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being Put> Ditto. That Leave be given to bring it* a to impo^cr

American

Colonies.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Supply.

480 7* — 8° Dece . 1775.

the Inhabitants of the Province of to elect an Assembly and Council, in the Manner directed by the Charter granted to the Inhabitants of that Province by their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, bearing Date the Seventh Day of , in the Third Year of their Reign It passed in the Negative.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish the Right of Trial by Jury in all Criminal Cales to all Slaves in North America, and to annul all Laws of any Province repugnant thereto, and to require the registering of the same by the respective Assemblies’ ol each Colony in North America;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish a permanent Reconciliation between Great Britain and its Dependencies in North America, and to restore His Majesty’s Subjects in North America to that happy and free Condition, and to that Peace and Prosperity, which they enjoyed in their constitutional Dependance on Great Britain before the present unhappy Troubles;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a free Pardon, Indemnity, and Oblivion;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to lay the Opinion of this House before His Majesty,

That it may be proper, when the present unhappy Disputes in North America shall be brought to an amicable Termination, that His Majesty should be graciously plealed to give Orders, that Letters of Requisition be written, in the accustomed Manner, to the several Provinces of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, to make Provision for the Purposes of

protecting, defending, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Grey Cooper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds and Fifteen Shillings be granted to His Majesty (out of the Monies, or Savings, remaining of the Grant in the last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five) towards defraying the Charge of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Veneris, 8° die Decembris;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP5' Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, Cardigan according to Order, amended the Return for the Election; Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Alkenon thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and inclosure. otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall* seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. D'Oyley and the Lord IVenman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Stourbridge Common Council, of the City of , in Council Canal,

assembled: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation at or near,

in the County of Stafford; and also for making Two collateral Cuts, the One from a Place called The Fens, on Penfiet , to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black to

communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; by Means whereof the Petitioners apprehend a tn°re commodious and cheaper Communication will be opened between the said City and the said Town of Stourbridge, and Parts adjacent, for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandizes; and that the said City and neighbouring Country will be supplied with Coals from the Collieries lying near to the said Canal and collateral Cuts cheaper, and in a more plentiful Manner, than at present, which will be of considerable Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said City, and of great

public

j

Stroud water Navigation.

King’s

Sedgmoor

Inclosure.

r6 Geo. III.

8° Decemhris.

48:

public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Terms and Conditions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made for a Bill, to make and maintain a Navigation from the River Severn, at or near , to

IVallbridge, near the Town of in the County of Gloucester; and that the Petitioners apprehend such

Navigation will be very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the said City and Port, and will like-wife be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That such Bill may be received, and may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of Coplefone Esquire,

and William Hawker, Esquire, Lords and Proprietors of certain Manors and Estates in or near moor, in the County of Somerset, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Tenants, and such other Persons whose Rights may be very materially affected or injured, if the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Tract of Land called King's in the County of Somerset, should in its present State pass into a Law,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Standing Orders of the House, relating to Bills f6r inclosing, draining, and improving of Lands, have not been complied with by the Persons concerned in bringing in the said Bill; and that the Petitioners, being more than a Majority, in Number and Value, of the Persons interested in the Lands by the said Bill proposed to be drained, divided, and inclosed, do npt content that the said Bill should pass into a Law; and they have been credibly informed that some Person or Persons concerned in promoting the said Bill, having no just Right, do set up a Claim to the said Tract of Land, called King's Sedgmoor, or some Part or Parts thereof, as Lord or Lords of the Soil thereof, whereby, it is apprehended, the Petitioners (who have the actual ‘ Right to the Seigniory of certain Parts of the said Tract of Land) may be greatly aggrieved; and that the said Bill, if permitted, in its present State, to pass into a Law, would deprive the Petitioners and others of many extensive and valuable Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, without making an adequate Satisfaction for the same: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said Bill, in case it shall be brought into the House; and that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioners and other the Persons aforesaid therein, either by protecting their Rights and Properties inviolate and unaltered, or permitting such Alterations, Amendments, and Additions, to be made in the said Bill, for their Benefit, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, King's Sedgmoor, in the County of , is

committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Peckell and Mr. Ratr.es:

Vol. 35.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St.Leonard to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in Shoreditch,’ the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Streets, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets* and other Places, in the Pari fit of Saint /Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called Hcg as lies within the Liberty of Norton Fa/gate, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The. Lords have agreed to the Bill, infituled. An Act Basingstoke for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Roads* Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the High Roads from M Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton, and

Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place " called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and

" also for repairing and widening the Road from " house over IVeyhill to Mullens Pond, in the said " County of Southampton," as relates to the Roads front Basingstoke to Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes an ^at *

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

King’,

Sedgmoor

Inclosure.

A Motion was made, and the Quefkion proposed.

That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing. King's,

in the County of Somerset, was commit toed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, arid made and subscribed the -Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring the Word now " after the Word " be " and leaving out the Words " upon T " day Morning next."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telto forth. Yeas, {»; 2*

Telle for the Noes.j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put i

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosi’ne King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Lord Mountjluart presented to the House, ac- j^... cording to Order, a Bill for the better ordering of the Sco«1m4 Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday the 5th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Greville reported from the Committee, to whom Warwick,

the Petition of the Trustees for repairing and widening

the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of ’

Warwick, through Soul ham and JDaventry, to the 1 own of Northampton, and of the several Mortgagee of the Tolls taken at the Gates or Turnpikes erected on the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of she 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad

6 G been

Supply.

Ways and Means.

American

Trade

Restriction.

482 8° Decembris. A. 1775.

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth j

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 5th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of , through

S out ham and Daventry, to the Town of was read. And,

Mr. John Parry, being examined, laid, That £. 2,750 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied in repairing the said Road, but that the same cannot be completed, and the said Debt paid off, un-leis the Term of the Act is enlarged; and that the Powers of the Act have been found in some respects defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the ^th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick:, though and ventry, to the Town of Northampton: And that Mr. Greville and Mr. Robert Fulke Greville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

RefoJved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Mackworthy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset'Bay, Rhode island, Conneblicut, New York, New Jersey, , the 'Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset'Bay, and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the Planters of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies residing in Great , and of the

Merchants of London trading to the said Colonies, against the said Bill, was also read.

And the Counsel for the , Petitioners were heard, in support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then they withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Minutes of the Examination of George Walker, El'quire, and John Ellis, Esquire, taken, upon the 16th Day of March in the last Session of Parliament, before the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, concerned in the Commerce of North America; and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesdaythe 23d Day of January next;

It passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 7

Tellers for heNoes.J^AWeioW, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in so. 3. 1. 15, being accordingly severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in so. 3. 1. 15, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were made thereto.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding, after the Word Troops," the Words " and in order that the Indulgence which is by this Bill denied for public Purposes to Trade in general, may not be continued for " the Purpose of private Monopoly, Be it hereby " Enacted, That the Collector and Searcher of each " Port respectively, from which such Store Ships and " Transports shall be entered Outward, shall cause the " same to be carefully examined, and upon Proof of * Neglect of the said Examination, the Parties so " offending shall forfeit £, 500; and that the said Collect or and Searcher, or any other Officer of the " Customs, or any other Perl'ons giving Informations " of any Goods shipped on board any of the said Vef- fels, other than shall be bona fide for the Ul'e of the " said Troops and Garrisons, shall be entitled to the " full Advantage and Benefit of the fame, as if the " same were his proper Goods and Chattels; and if any Mariner on board such Ship shall make such " Discovery, he shall, over and above the said Actvantages, be entitled to his immediate Discharge, his " Wages being first paid, if he shall require the lame, " provided that no more than One Peri'on in One " Ship, he being the first Informer, shall be entitled " to the said Discharge."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Fees to be paid in the Admiralty Courts.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, ,to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so.3. 1. 1, by inserting, after the Word " Colonies,"

the

16 Geo. III.

8° Decewbris.

4?3

the Words " unless the said Ships and Vessels can be " proved to belong to a Person or Persons who hat h or " have not taken up Arms against His Majesty’s Government, on given any Aid to those who are in " Arms against the said Government."

And the Question being put, 'I'llat those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 3. 1. 1, by inserting, after the Word " CoIonics," the Words " who shall be. proved, to be " concerned in the said Disturbances."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 3. 1. 3, by inserting, after the Word " whatsoever," the Words " except any such Ship or Vessel " shall have been driven upon the Coast of America, or " put into any of the aforesaid Harbours by Distress, " or in Want of Stores or Provisions, for the Procurement of which alone they have traded, and made no " unnecessary Delay."

And the Question being put, That those Words be! there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 3.1. 4, by inserting, after the Word " Trading," the Words " within the Description of the " Hovering Clause of the Act of 4th Geo. 3d. cap.4 " I5*" ’

And the Question being put. That those Words be' there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 3. 1. 4, by inferring, after the Word " Co- ionics," the Words " as shall be forcibly held out against His Majesty’s Government."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 3.1. 10, by adding, at the End of the Clause, the Words " Provided always, That nothing in this " Act shall extend to any Colony or Colonies in America, of whole having set itself in open Rebellion and " Defiance to the just and legal Authority of the King " and Parliament of Great Britain, no Proof has yet " been laid before this House."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 49. I. 16. by inserting after the Word " Acts" the Words " were contrary to the " Principles of Justice, made without due Consideration, without hearing or citing to appear the Parties assessed, veiling dangerous, unexampled, and " unconstitutional Powers io the Crown, being utterly " unfit for the Purposes which they were intended to " answer, and tending to bring Discredit on the " Honour, Wisdom, and Justice of Parliament, and " to increase, instead of extinguishing, the Flames of " Civil War; and that Right may be done to Justice, and the Liberties of the Subject; Be it Enacted, " That all Records and Proceedings of Parliament be " wholly cancelled, and taken from the Registers of " this Kingdom, or otherwise defaced and obliterated, " to the Intent that the same may not be visible in " after Ages, or brought into Example, to the Prejudice of any Person or Body Corporate whatsoever." And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Voi.. 35.

Another Amendment was proposed -to be made to America* the Bill, in so. 49. 1. 16, by inserting after the Word Trade " Acts" the Words " were fitted to the State of the " Tirqe in which the said Acts were made, but are too " levere for Colonies in declared Rebellion."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in- the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, info. 51. 4.8, by inserting after the Word " Persons" the Words " who shall return to their Duty as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners " shall, and are hereby required to grant the fame,

* when such Return to their Duty shall be duly " proved to them the said Commissioners."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 51. 1. 8, by inserting after the Word " shall" the Words " be declared before the Depat"

" ture of the said Commissioners for America by His Majesty in Council."

And the Question being put. That those 'Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

- A Motion was made, and the Question- being put.

That James Delancey, Esquire, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, in order to be examined upon the Third Reading of the said Bill »

It passed in the Negative.

1

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto, posed. That Evidence concerning the State of America, the Temper of the People there, and the probable Operation of an Act now depending, is unnecessary to this House, this House being already sufficiently acquainted with these Matters;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting at the Beginning thereof these Words " That it is necessary and proper to come to a " Resolution."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being nuf That it is necessary and proper to come to a I tion, that Evidence concerning the State of America the Temper of the People there, and the probable Operation of an Act now depending, is unnecessary to this House, this House being already sufficiently acquainted with these Matters;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Ditto. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order to be laid before this House such Advices as may enable this House to judge of the present State and Condition of His Majesty’s loyal and dutiful Province of Georgia, in North America;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Third Tear *v s of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " making navigable the River in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or " near Framiload to Wallbricige, near the Town of " Stroud, in the same County i" and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation uom

Frcmiloai

8° — 116 Decembris. A. 1775.

’ Framlkad to Wallbridge aforesaid: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke have Leave td make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce^ n° die Decembris;

Anno 160 Georgii III1" Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

Richmond E Right honourable Sir Lawrence Dundas,

VYrit Baronet, being chosen a Citizen to serve in this.

present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Richmond\ in the County of York, made his Election to serve for the said City of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond\ in the County of York, in the room of the said Sir Lawrence Dundas, Baronet.

Stockbrklge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable John Luttrell, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office, of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Horlham Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord-

Road. ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and en-

larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leather heady to the Watch House in Ebbifham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Defbortnigh A Petition of the Freeholders and Proprietors of

Jaclosure. Lands, in the Open and Common Fields of Desborough, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are possessed of several Estates, lying in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, by Means whereof great Inconveniences arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands; and that the same are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but, if inclosed, would be of great Advantage to the Parties interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for inclosing and dividing the said Open and Common Fields of Desborough aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that *7

Mr. Frederick Montagu and Sir George Robinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- ' r

Sir George Howard presented to the House, accord- Wansfonl ing to Order, a BilJ foF enlarging the Term and Powers- Bridge, of Two Acts, made in the Twentydecond and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second,! for repairing the Road from IVansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge to Scotgate, in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, to the?

Market Cross in Bourn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An iqgrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- Mirine jesty’s Marine Forces while oh Shore, was read the Force*-Third Time.

Resolved, Til at the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the1 Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Stourbridge to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a na- CaiiaJ-vigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Stafford-shire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stour ton, in the County of Stafford, and - also' Two collateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of fVordefley Brdok with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph} upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish or King's Swinford, in the said County of Stafford: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. r,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Gunby Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Nort^Vithial Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby a fid North inclosurr, 1 Witham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second 1

Time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to (

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the j

Speaker’s Chamber. t

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Bonfr.ll, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ,&c-Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes nciosure* of Bonsall, IVirksworth, and Matlock, in the County J

of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had j

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the I

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of -the Bill, and found the feme.to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Ptoprietors of Houses and Lands in the Parish of Bonsall, who are assessed to the Land Tax at the Sum of £. 13. 7 s. ftd. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Houses and Lands in the said Panih, who are assessed to the Land Tax at the Sum of £. 1. os. 1 o$d. who could not be met with; and that the whole Assessment to the Land Tax in the Parish of Bonsall amounts to the Sum of £.75. i6j, 6d.\ and also, except the J

Proprietors- of Houses and Lands in the said Parish

of

Accounts presented; Chamberlain of London.

16 Geo. III.

11* Decembris.

of Bonsall, not assessed to the Land Tax, of the Yearly

Value of £. 7. ioj. who refused to llgn the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Houses and Lands in the said Parish, not assessed to the Land Tax, of the yearly Value of £. 4. $s. who could not be met with; and that the whole yearly Value of the Houses and Lands within the said Parish, not assessed to the Land Tax, amounts to£. 62.*i $s.or thereabouts; and also, except the Owners of Irniils within the Hamlets or Vills of Ivcnbrooke, Grange, and Ible, in the Parish of

of the Yearly Value of £. 40 who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole yearly Value of the Lands within the said Hamlets or Vills, amounts to /. 534 or thereabouts; and also, except the Owners of Lands within the Parish of Matlock, of the yearly Value of £. 150 or thereabouts, who have Right of Common on Majjbn Common, and refilled to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands within the said Parish, having l'uch Right of Common, of the yearly Value of £. 125 who could not be met with; and that the whole yearly Yralue of the Lands within the said Parish, having such Right of Common, amounts to £. 1,800 or thereabouts); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dircdVed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally pyt thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be-ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Montague (from the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1775: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Acts for building a Bridge at Black and for completing the said Bridge, from the 28th of September 1774 exclusive, to the 28th of September 1775 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid in pur-luance of the Act for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate, from the 28th of September 1774 exclusive, to the 28th of September 177$ inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for embanking Part of the North Side of the River Thames, from the 28 th of September 1774 exclusive, to the 28th of September 1775 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drams, and Sewers, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, from 28th September 1774 exclusive, to 28th September 2775 inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, on account of the Tolls upon London and Black Fryars Bridges, from the 28th Day of September 1774 exclusive, to the 28th Day of September 1775 inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, in pursuance of the Act for repairing the Royal Exchange, from the 28th of September 1774 exclusive, to the 28th of September 1775 inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie; upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preservedi amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Peflbns whole Names arc Lricester thereunto subscribed, being Tru flees for putting in &c-Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of LI is late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Ha/ford Bridge, and from

Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh , and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed the (then) last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to the repairing that Pah or the Road in the said Act mentioned, which leads from the City of Coventry, through Kenilworth, to the Town of Warwick aforesaid, and from the said City of Coventry to MartytisGutter, leading towards the Town 01

Stoneleigh aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution; for which Purpose several Sums of Money have t>een borrowed, and frill remain due; and that the lame, with Interest, cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in due Repair for the rnturc, unless the Term of t He said Act be continued, and the Powers and Authorities therein enlarged, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sk, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- American poled, That no Evidence has been produced to this Colonies. House, to shew that many Persons in His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia have set themselves in open Rebellion and Defiance to the just and legal Authority of the King and Parliament of Great Britain, or have assembled together an armed Force, or engaged His Majesty’s Troops, or attacked His Forts, or prohibited all Trade and Commerce with this Kingdom and th*. other Part of His Majesty’s Dominions;

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, Sn for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the 0pP whole House, to consider for ther of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Resolved , That this House will, upon the

24th Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tai Mcww' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the 24th Day of JadUary next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bilk to prohibit Trade and Intercourse with frad* the Colonies of New PPeimp/htre^ Majfochufet s Bay,

Rhode Island% Connecticut, JS’e^w York> New jersey^ Pen*

6 H fylvama.

1

->Qjgi

ti° Decembris. A. 1775.

fyhania, the Three lower Counties on,

land, Virginia, North and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the lleign of His present. Majesty, to discontinue the landing and'discharging, lading, or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Bay, and also

Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty to appoint Commissioners, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned (being ingrafted) was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to suspend the Operation of the Act, with respect to the Cargoes oi West India Ships for a longer Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the BHl do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, J } 1,2'

Tellers for the Noes,j } 16.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Bay,

Rhode Island, ConnecticutNew York, Ncvj Jersey, sylvania, the Three lower Counties on Delazvare, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South , and

Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of, His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing, and dif-charging, lading, or shipping of Goods, Wares, and ' Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Bay; and

also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament,

» for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the JLords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Poulett have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

King’s A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are hereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the nc 0 ure’ several other Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying in the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, of Custington, Edingt n, Chilton, Cauv:, i: ‘ ck, Stowell, Sutton Mailett, Moorlinch, G Ashcott,

Pedv:fl, Walton, Street, Butleigh, Cumpton Dundon, West: a Zoyland, Midlezoy, Othery, High Dunware, Bower, Horsey, Bawdripp, Bradney, Nether Ham, Aller, Ckedzoy, Littleton, Hurcott, Somerton, Pitney Weam, fVootton, and Long Sutton, in the County of Somerset, having Right of Common in King's Sedgmoor, in the feme County, who have subscribed and ’presented a Petition to the House, praying to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against a Bill brought and now depending in the House, for draining, dividing, and inclosing the said Moor.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That the Persons interested in the said Moor are very numerous, residing in many distant Places; ’and that the Number of the Persons-so interested, who have' already subscribed the said Petition against: the said Bill, amounts to 749; and that many others, finding the said Bill materially to differ from what they were ar first given to understand it would impoit, and several who have but very lately had Notice thereof, are now also delkous of petitioning the House against the said Bill: and that the Petitioners have been informed, and believe, that the Number, both of the Manors and of the several Persons interested, and having Right of Common in the said Moor, has been misrepresented to the Committee to whom the said Bill hath been committed, as well as that the Rights of Common of the Persons (in Number only 213) who have figried their Names as consenting to the said Bill, and of such others who are only supposed to have verbally signified their Consents thereto, have in no wife been legally proved, though in the Re-presentation thereof they have been much exaggerated and enhanced in Number; and that the Moor itself is a large and spaeiousTraft of Country, extending not so little as Twelve Miles in Length, on the Produce of which many Hundreds of useful People totally subsist, who mull inevitably feel the most fetal Consequences from a Deprivation of their present Mode of Subsistence, the ill Effects of which would necessariiy extend themselves throughout the Neighbourhood in

3 O

general, and would materially affect the Property of all other Persons interested in the said Moor; and that the Magnitude of the present Unde’taking, the Ex-tenfiveness of its Operations, and the Conicqu nces which may and most probably will follow the puffing such a Law, arc more than fufiieient Rcaions against the hurrying on the present Bill, and in Prudence equally evince the Necessityof moll seriously and maturely considering, thoroughly understanding, and impartially and equitably weighing the fame, in the present -State thereof; and that all Parties, whole Rights or Properties are attempted to be altered, changed, or taken away, against their Consents, ought in justice to be solemnly, fully, and fairly heard, before any Law shall be suffered to pass, by which the Country in general, and the many such Parties in particular, will be so very deeply affected; and that it will be impossible for the Petitioners and others, who have already petitioned against the said Bill, to be fully and properly prepared to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, by the Time appointed by the House for taking the Report of the said Committee into Consideration: And therefore praying, on Behalf of themselves and the said other Petitioners against the said Bill, That they may be indulged with a reasonable 'Rime, suitable to the Exigency of the Business, for fully preparing themselves to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the said Bill may be printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Moor, that the Persons interested therein may be apprized thereof; and that the House will grant them such further Relief in the Premises as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and.

The Order, made upon the 44th Day of November

Worcester

Election.

Duchy

of

Cornwall*

Rothcfay

Election.

Chatham

Road*

16 Geo. III.

11° — ~i2° D

487

her last, for taking into Consideration upon Tuesday the 23d Day of January next, the Petition of Sir Lewes, Knight, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester, was read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Cohfi-deration upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir -Edward Bayntun have Leave to make

a Motion.

And he moved the House, accordingly; and

An Act; made in the 8th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,'" An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants, of " Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the " Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for " o lier Purposes therein mentioned," was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, 'Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned i And that Sir Edward Bayntun, Mr. Morice, Mr. Buller, the Lord North, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring ih', the feme.-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 120 die Decembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

f\Rdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Rotheftiy, Ayr, Irvine, Inverary, and Campbeltown, in the room of Sir* George Macartney, Knight of the moil honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines.

Mr. Knight reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of

Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Prto Bagham Cross and Shamsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dis edled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the* lAfrfiaridth’ents, be ingrossed. *-.*' ' " o. z tea '

' 3. _ . ' r. 7 r; 7.. '* '*'1

Resolved, That this House will, at the Kilir of-thfc Adjournment House this: Dtty; 'adjdunr till Tb-rrf<Jr^w* ^evenlfrght the 20th Day of this Itrftlnt Deatiriber. 1. .: T /. -..v-'

— _ . *» \tj; .

A Petition of the several Persons. whose- Nsfrhetiare CorbrUi^e thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Owners df inclosure. certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying in ;the ;Town, iTot*an .;Fields, and within, the MAnor and Parish of Cor bridge^ in the County -of-JV ber/and, having Right bf Common upon'certain Coffi--.mons, or Tracts'of Watte. Land, lyifag alk> within, and Part and Parcel of, the . feid. M arior. and iTarish, wast presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth,

That1 there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Waste Grounds, Moors, or Comtnons, Open and Common Fields, Stinted PafturCs, Common Meadows, and other Commonable: Lands, and also Infield.

Grounds, lying intermixed, and containing ifagether, by Estimafion, 5,300 Acres or upwards 3 and that the Duke and Duchess- of Northumberland are* Lord.and Lady of the said Manor, and as such are Owners of the Soil and Inheritance of such of the said Lands and Grounds as are Wastes or Commons, and Commonable Lands, and are also possessed of divers other Parcels of Land and Grounds within the said Manor and Parish; and who-, together with the Commissioners or Gbvernors of Greenwkh Hospital, (who are aiio pol-fcffed of divers Lands and Grounds within the said Manor) and other Persons, are entitled to a Right of Common upon the said several Wastes, JYToors, or Commons, and to'Stints upon the said Stinted- La ft a res or Commonable Lands; and that the said Lands; Tenements, and Hereditaments, lie inconveniently intermixed, and- dispersed in small Parcels, and aito the said Wastes, Moors, or Commons, Stinted Failures, and Commonable Lands; are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous thatihe feme may foe divided and inclosed, let out and allotted unto and amonest the said Lord and Lady of the said Manor, the said Commissioners or Governors of Greenwich and the

several other Persons, Freeholders, and Proprietors, interfiled therein: And therefore praying. That Lave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations, and in such Manner and Form, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Mayne, Sir Matthew IV'hite Ridley, and Sir Walter Blackett, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Charles Mellish presented to the House, according Doncaster to Order, a Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, to the Road leading from Doncaster to in the Ko*dT

Counties of York and Nottingham: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yes- Supply* terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ff^ednesday the 24th Day of January next, to consider further of the Supply

granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read-accord ingiy;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was* movdd, That the Ordel* made Yes- w»v* terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee and

of

488 iz* Decmbris. 1775.

of the whole House, upon Wednesday the 24th Day of January next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 26th Day of January next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Leicester, Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom -the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Roads. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in . Execution an Act of Parliament, made and paised in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narboroughand from to Coventry,

and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford and from Warwick to

Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigk Town, and for Supplying an Omission in an Act passed the (then) last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester<0 Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the said Act mentioned, which leads from the City of Coventry -through Kenilworth to the Town of Warwick aforesaid, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn's leading towards the Town of Stoneleigk aforesaid, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second was read; and,

Mr. Jofhna Harborne, being examined, said. That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the Dif-trifk of Road leading from Coventry through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's in

the said Act mentioned, and have raised a considerable Sum of Money upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, with respect to the said District, and some further Powers are given to the Trustees for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

" widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and " from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through " Kenilworth to Warwand from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon " Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigk Town; and for supplying an " Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Afitbyde-la-Zouch, in the County of so far as the fame relates to the Road from Coventry through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn's Gutter: And that Mr. Skipwith and Mr. Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Spaldwick The Lord Hinchinbrook presented to the House,

U 'ho according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, made Inctofarc! *n last Session of Parliament, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the

20

Parish and Liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, DeerStofisj. more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Skyn-ner, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Selwyn, according to Order, reported from the KinS*1 Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing King's Sedgmoor, in the county of .

was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Waller, Esquire, and also the Petition of Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Coplefione Warre Bampfylde, Esquire, and William

Hawker, Esquire, Lords and Proprietors of certain Manors and Estates in or near King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, for and on Behalf of themlllves, their Tenants, and such other Persons whose Rights may be very materially affected or injured, if the said Bill, in its present Slate, should pals into a. Law; and also the Petition of John Slade, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said first-mentioned Petition, and that no Person appeared in Support of the Two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, 1774, relative to Inclosure Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee-had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfacton of the Committee,

(except the Owners of about 303 Tenements, who claim a Right of Common upon the said Moor, who refused to lign the Rill; and also except the Lords or Proprietors of Five Manors in or near King's Sedgmoor, who claim certain Rights in and upon the said Moor, and who, on being applied to for their Consent to the said Bill, declared themselves neuter in respect thereto; and also except the Lords or Proprietors of Three such Manors, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Tenements, for which Rights of Common upon King's Sedgmoor are claimed, amount to 1269,or thereabouts; and that there are 26 Manors in the Whole, in or near King's Sedgmoor, for which certain Rights thereon are claimed; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that there were several Variations between the said Bill presented to the House, and the Copy of the Bill to which the Parties concerned had signed their Consent;

Several Parts of the Rill and of the said Copy were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That several material Variances appearing between the Bill to which the Parties have signed their Consent, and the Bill presented to this House; therefore the Confederation of this Report be adjourned till Thursday the 8 th Day of February next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by Leaving out the Words " Consideration of this Rejx>rt be adjourned till Thursday, the 8th " Day of February next," and inferring the Words " said Bill be withdrawn,’’’instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Consideration of this Report be adjourned till Thursday, the 8th Day of February next," stand Part of the Question;'

It

Bonsall, Sec. Inclosure.

Chatham

Road.

16 Geo. III. 12® — 20

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " said Bill be withdrawn" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That, l'everal material Variances appearing between the Bill to which the Parties have signed their Consent and the Bill presented to this House, therefore the said Bill be withdrawn;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f ^r' 1 Co

1 ewers for the I eas, |sif Yonge: J 59‘

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj; St’ 35.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in another Bill instead thereof: And that Mn John John, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Allen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of Bonsall, and Matlock, in the County of be now read the

Third Time.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted ,the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Ipterest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of Bonsall, Wirksworth, and M, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant December, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii,20° die Decembrist Anno 16° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1775. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of,

to St. Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called Makenade Corner, in the Parish of , Vot. 35.

0 Decembris.

489

to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford JLane End, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Mayne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to ffedoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of He don, in the County of York, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Charles Saunders, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

A Petition of Francis Ferr and now called Moore’t

Francis Ferrand Foljambe of Aldtva in the County Name, of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Francis heretofore

of Aldwarke aforesaid, Esquire, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, deceased, did, in and by His last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the 11 th Day of December 1751* give and devise all and every his Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof he was then foiled in Fee Simple, unto his Son Thomas’ Foljambe for Life, with Remainder, in same of the Death of the said TThomas Foljambe without Issue Male, to the Petitioner, by the Nam® and Description of his Grandson Francis Moore, and his Assigns, for and during his natural Life; with Remainder, after his Decease, to the First, Second, and all and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the Petitioner to be begotten, severally and successively. In Tail Male, and with divers Remainders over; and did thereby will and declare, that whoever, by Virtue of that his Will, should have an Estate of Freehold in the Premises above deviled, or any of them, should take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, and continue so to do; and any of them

should neglect to take and use such Surname and Arms, that then, and in such Case, He the said Tef-tator, from thenceforth; gave the same Premises

to such Persons or Persons as would be entitled thereto, if the Person so neglect ing to take and use such Surname and Arms was a ritually dead; and that Thomas Foljambe, late of Ald'ivarke aforesaid,

Esquire, the Petitioner’s Uncle, also deceased, did in and by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 29th Day of December 1757, give and devise all his Manors and Lordships of Ald'ivarke, Wheat-croft, Rawmarsh, Dalton, Wadworth, and Westow, in the said County of York, and all otHer his real Estate whatsoever, both Freehold and Copyhold, in Default of Issue Male by himself begotten, unto, or to the Use of, or in Trust for the Petitioner, by the Name and Description of his Nephew Francis Moore, and his Assigns, for the Term of his natural Life, with Remainder, after his Decease, to the Issue of his Body, in Tail Male, and with divers Remainders over; and did thereby will and direct, that the Petitioner, and his Sons, when they should respectively have an Estate of Freehold, in any of the said Premises, should take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, and continue so to do; and if any of them should neglect to take or use fetch Surname or Arms, then he the said Testator, from thenceforth, gave the feme Premises to such Person or Persons as would be entitled thereto, if the Person so neglecting was actually dead j and that the’ said Estates did, upon the Death of" the Petitioner’s feid late Uncle, Thomas Foljamb, without Issue Male, defeend and come to the Petitioner; and, in Compliance with the Wills of his said late Grandfather and Uncle, is desirous that he, and his Heirs Male, may be enabled, by Authority of Parliament, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable him, and his Heirs

6 I Male,

*0*)iti

e

49° ' 20° Decembris. A. 1775.

Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of

jambe, in pursuance of the Wills of the faitl Francis Foljumbe and Thomas Folja Esquires, dccealed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Lord George do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Great fhwdm A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land u olLre‘ in the Open and Common Fields of Great , in

the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Land of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclo bd, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interfiled, according to their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to* them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common . Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord John Cavendish, Mr. and Sir John

Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fife Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Fife, in the room of Scott, Esquire, dccealed.

Li'dgrrrtiall A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the luclosure. Common Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures. Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Field, Liberties, Territories, and Preempts, of Ludgershall, in the County of Bucks, was. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, in the said Liberties, Territories, and Precincts, One Large, Open, and Common Field, called or known by the Name of Ludgershall Field, consisting of Fifty-three Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and containing together 1,800 Acres, or thereabouts; apd that the Petitioners and others are possess'ed, and are the Owners and Proprietors, of all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures, and Commons, lying within the said Field, Liberties, Territories, and PrccinPts, and in respect thereof are entitled to, and do enjoy, Common of Pallure for their Cattle, in, over, and upon, the said Open and Common Field, by a determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons whomsoever; and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the said Common Field, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that the dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Field, will greatly tend to the Advantage of the Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the said Open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, and for such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That J cave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. D'Oy lev, Mr. James Grenville, and Mr. Grenville, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Raithby A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within the inclosure. Manor and Parish of Raithby, in the County- of Lincoln, whose Naihes are thereunto subscribed, was presented

to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing 600 Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general inconveniently situated, and incapable of much Improvement; and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- Chatham cution an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of Road. His present Majesty King George the Third, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the greatest Part of the High Street and Lanes adjoining, within the said Parish, to be paved and repaired; and that a certain Part of the High Street of the said Town is situate in the Parish of Saint Margaret, next the City of and another Part thereof in the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, by reason whereof Doubts have arisen, whether the said Act empowers the Petitioners to pave, cleanse, light, and watch, such Parts of the said High Street and Lanes adjoining as lie out of the said Parish of Chatham, and the said Act has in several other Places been found ineffectual; and that it will be advantageous to the Inhabitants of that Part of Saint Margaret's Parish, commencing at a Boundary Stone next a Place called The Chappell Steps, in the Parish of Chatham, and -extending itself along the South Side of Chatham High Street arid Saint Margaret's Bank, to a certain House called The Flying Horse, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and also of that Part of the Parish of Gillingham which adjoins the High Street of the Town of Chatham, and of the several Hanes respectively adjoining, if the paving thereof was put under the Direction of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave , may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee,; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Knight, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road Doncaster leading from Doncaster to B aw try, in the Counties of to York and Nottingham, was read a Second Time. Road

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Lord John Cavendish, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Deer Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Stealing.

Deer;

Account ordered; Cu Horns.

Spahiwick

with

Upthorpe

Ioclofiut.

WolfPs

Nat.

Wind for Bridge.

Masons*

Wages.

16 Geo. III.

2o° Decembris.

491

Deer; and to repeal several former Statute^ made for the like Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

ReJ'olved,'That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the A1 Iowan e lor Damage, at the Custom House, on Currants and Haiti ns imported into the Port of London, and the Out Ports respectively.

A Bill for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Liberties of Spaldivick with Upthorpe, in the County of

Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hinchinbrook, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Chwles Godfrey Wolff, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Griffith do 'prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailifls, and Burgesses, of the Borough of New WindJ'or, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are seised of the Great Bridge over the River Thames at New Windsor aforesaid (commonly called Windsor Bridge) and of the Way and Railage over the lame; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to maintain and support the said Bridge, they are authorized to collect and receive certain customary Tolls for Pontage and Passage under and over the said Bridge; and that the Petitioners have expended several considerable Sums of Money in repairing the said Bridge, notwithstanding which, the same is of late become lb very much decayed, that it is unliife for Carriages; and that, in the Opinion of experienced W orkmen, the said Bridge must be taken down, and a new Bridge built, the Expence whereof will amount to f.3000, and upwards; and that the building a life and commodious Bridge over the said River, will be a very great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and to all Persons residing in,

Eton, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and of public Utility, but the present'Tolls authorized to be taken for Pontage and Passage under and over the said Bridge are not sufficient to defray the Expence of building such Bridge, and of keeping the same in Repair: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for building such new Bridge as aforesaid, and for keeping the same in Repair, by such Ways and Means, and in inch Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it' is referred to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Griffith, See.: And they a e to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Journeymen in the Trade or Business of Masons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, as well on Behalf of themselves as of all other Journeymen of the same meet. Vol 35.

Trade within the said Cities and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read } Setting forth. That the Petitioners are employed in some of the moll dam gerous Parts of Building, and that, on account of the Seasons, Masons can only work about nine or ten Months in the Year, and are in a great Measure unemployed the Remainder of it; and that the Petitioners are obliged to serve an Apprenticeship of Seven Years, with a Premium, to their laid Trade, before they can work thereat; and that the Mages of Journeyman Masons are Fifteen Shillings a Week, but that the Kind of W’ork such Journeyman are employed in subjects them to daily Expences in keeping their Tools in Repair, which, on an Average, amounts tct One Shilling per Week, besides being obliged to make good all Accidents in their Work, however unavoidable, or lose their Employ; and that the Danger of the Business is much greater than that of most other Handicraft Trades, and the Labour thereof is so great, that in old Age they cannot work thereat; and that the Petitioners apprehend the present Wages are not adequate to their Labour and Danger, and the increased Price of Provisions and every Convenience of Life makes that Sum not proportioned to the Difference of the Two Periods, it being near 70 Years since their Wages were settled at the F*rices they now are; and the present Wages of the Labourers employed in the Masons Business, who serve no Apprenticeship, nor are liable to any Expence by Tools, are from 12s. to 14J. a Week; and the Petitioners are advised that there is no Law in being, by which the Magi it rates are empowered to settle their Wages, as in many other Trades; they therefore hope for the Interposition of the House in an Augmentation of their Wages to i8r. per Week, or such other Sum as the House shall think proper: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem just and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition clo lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Hodgetts, of Prejlwood, in the Stourbridg. County of Stafford, Esquire, the Reverend Paul Canal* White, Clerk, and Susannah SeagerSpinster, both of

Kinfare, in the same County, Owners of Land in the several Parishes of Kingswinford and Kinfare, or One of them, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staff ordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, -upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, 5 and that the Petitioners are Owners of 164 Chains and 23 Links of Land, through which the said intended Cut or Canal is proposed to be made, (as appears by the Plans laid before the Petitioners) being a considerable Part of the whole Length of the bid intended Cut, or Canal, from Stourbridge to the proposed Point or Junction with the

Staff'ordshire and Worcesterffire Canal; and that the making the said intended Cut or Canal through such their respective Lands, will be greatly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, * by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem

A Petition

49*

20*--21°

Decembris.

j. 177s.

Stourbridge A Petition of John Hodgetts, Esquire, and Edward Canal* Knight, K.squire, Owners and Proprietors of several Forges, Slitting Mills, Wire Mills, and other Works, situate on or near the River Stour, in the several Counties of Stffrd and PVorcefier, and of Abraham Spooner, Esquire, John Knight, Esquire, John Ry/and, Richard Marston, George Stokes, and Moses Harper, Occupiers, Tenants, and Workers of several of the said Forges, Mills, and Works, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Tenants, and Workers of the Forges, Mills, and Works aforesaid, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Leave given to bring in a Bill, as mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, praying, that the Branch which is intended by the said Bill to be made to Black Delphi may be extended into the Estate of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, at Netherton, near Dudley; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive, should a Bill for' making the said Canal, and the Two Branches above mentioned, pass into a Law, the same cannot be carried into Execution without materially injuring the Property, and several other Interests, of the Petitioners; and the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Branch, to be made to Black Delphi should be extended in such Manner as is prayed by the said Petition, the Petitioners would be Jftiil further injured in their several Properties and Interests: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of PVorcefier, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stour ton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two Collateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chafe, to communicate with the intended Canal $ear the Junction of Wordefiey Brook, with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chafe, to join the first mentioned Collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of King's Swinford, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Coufel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Horsham

Road.

And then lie House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Jovis 210 die Decembris;

Anno 16° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1775.

Prayers.

ABI L L for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickle ham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in 1$

the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Streets in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Bayly, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampfmre, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island Connecticut, Nezv York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's. Bay, and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One Degree of the Northern Pole; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act for naturalizing Charles Quifi; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, or Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of Bonsall, Wirkf worth, and Matlock, in the County of Derby $ without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

American

Trade

Refiridiofl.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Mafia chu-Jet's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, Nezv Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, and also Two Acts, made in the 1 aft, Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Pur-£>oses therein mentioned, be now taken into Confederation.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To

Norther*

Passage

Discovery.

Nat.

Marina

Forcev

Bonsall,

&c,

Jndofure.

Americaa

Trade

Restriction.

16 Geo. III.

2i° Decembris.

493

u

if

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to insert " on this Day Six Weeks."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question }

It was resolved in the Affirmative Then the main Qufftion being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. at. 1. 20. Leave out hath" and insert " shall " have."

I.31. After " Ireland" insert " before the " 1 ft Day of January'l 7 j 6."

I. 35. After " be" insert " so."

I. ult. After " of" insert " the Owners " of."

Pr. 36. 1. 1. Leave out " the Property of."

1. 5. Leave out from " Colonies " to the End of the Claufa, and instead thereof insert " nor to any Ship " or Veil'd, or the Cargo thereof,

" which shall be cleared out from " any Port in Great Britain or " Ireland, after the 20th Day of " January 1776, and shall be " bound to any of the British Sugar Colonies, or which shall be cleared out after the 25th Day of March 1776, from the said ' British Sugar Colonies, and shall be bound to Great Britain or Irelandin case it shall appear, by the Oath or Affirmation of " One or more of the Owners of " such Ship or Vessel, to be indorsed on the Register thereof, " to be taken before the Collector " or other principal Officer of the " Customs at the Port or Place " where such Shipor Vessel shall be " cleared out (which Oath or Affirmation such Collector or other " principal Officer of the Customs " is hereby authorized and required to administer) that Two " Thirds at least of such Ship or Vessel are the property of His Majesty’s Subjects residing in " Great Britain or , or in

" some of the said British Sugar " Colonies or Plantations."

1. 9. Before " Provided" insert Clause (A.) Clause (A.) " And whereas many and large Debts' , " are now due from the Inhabi-

" tants of the North American " Colonies herein before mentioned, to divers of His Majesty’s good and loyal Subjects " residing in Great , 7re-

" land, and the British Plantations " in the West; and many of " such good and loyal Subjects " may have Estates and Efleds " in some of the said North " rican Colonies; And whereas " Goods and Merchandize have " been, or may be shipped or " laden in the said Colonies, for " and on account of such Debts, " Estates, or Efleds; and other " Goods and Merchandize may " be landed there, and sent from " thence, in Consequence of Or-

Vol. 35.

1. 9.

1. 22.

1. 22, & 23

1.26.

1. 27.

1. 28. 1- 34,} & 35-i

-Pr. 37. 1. 11. Pr. 39. 1. 38.

Pr. 40. 1. 6.

1. 8.

1. ult.

Pr

41- 1 3,1

4& 5-i

" ders given for that Purpose; " Be it therefore Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall u extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel' " which shall have cleared out " and failed from any of the said " Colonies, for Great,

" land, or any of the British Plantat ions in the Jl Indies, on or " before the 1 ft Day of January " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, nor shall extend, or be construed to extend, " to forfeit any Goods or Merchandize, or Kffedts, which shall " be laden or shipped on Board " any Ship or Vessel in any of the said Nor/A American Colonies, on or before the Twentyfifth Day of Aslarch One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, as a Remittance to any " of His Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain,

" or the BritiJ7i Colonies or Plantat ions in the West Indies, for " or on account of any such " Estates, Eflfedls, or Debts, or " in Consequence of any Orders " given for that F*urpole, be^re " the Twenty-first Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five: Provided Proof thereof shall be " made on Oath of the Parties to " whom such Goods, Merchandize, or Effedks shall be consigned, or otherwise, to the " Satbfadion of the Judge or . " Court before whom any Seizure " of such Goods, Merchandize, or ‘‘ Effects shall be depending, any " thing herein contained to "the contrary notwithstanding."

Leave out " also," and insert " always."

After " which" insert " on or." Leave out " pafifing of this Act," and insert " 1 ft Day of January " 1776."

After " which insert oil or." Leave out " passing of this Act," and insert " said ift Day of January 1776 Leave out " or lading." ,

Leave out " at the Time of the pafsing of this Act," and insert " on the 1 ft Day of January " 1776."

Leave out " JJuneJ’ and insert " December."

Leave out <e passing of this Act." and insert " ill Day of January " 1776."

After " shall " insert " except in the Cales herein before mentioned.* ’

Leave' out pdfifing of fhis Ad/’ and insert ill Day of January

" *776."

Leave out " thereto."

Leave out " with such Exceptions " therefrom as shall seem fit and " reasonable, and a

6 K ‘In

American

Trade

Restriltion*

494

2i° — 22* Decemhris.

A.

1775

In the Title of the Bill. After " enable " leave out " His Majesty or," and after Pardons " leave out " and."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of Rickard Brown and Inigo William , on* Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 'TTiPt on the 14th Instant the Election of Two Burgesses to ferye in Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of came on; and

that Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury Brereton, EC* quires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that Mr. Thomas Palmer, Bailiff and Returning Officer of the fil'd Borough, a known Friend of the Sitting Members, presided at the said Election, and shewed a great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Members; and that the said Returning Officer admitted many Persons to poll for the said Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury who had no Right to vote, and rejected several others who had good Right, and who offered to poll for the Petitioners; and that the said Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury Brereton, by themselves, their Friends, and Agents, were guilty of Bribery, Treating, and other undue and illegal Means to' procure their Election; by which Means the said Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury Brereton were returned as having a Majority^ although the Petitioners had a Majority of legal votes, and ought to have been returned; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 16th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vtruris% 2 2° die;

Anno 16° Georgia III*11 Regis, 1775.

Praters.

Adjournment. TDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling

of the House, this Day, adjourn till Thursday the a 5th Day of January next.

Royal Aflimt A Message from His Majesty, by Sir to Bills. neauxy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to at-7

tend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Jyhania, the Three lower Counties on Delaware, ryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and dif-charging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Bojon, in the Province of Majjuchufet's Bay; and also Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons (appointed and authorized by His Majesty to grant Pardons) to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being His Majesty’s Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacijic Oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One Degree of the Northern Pole:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,' intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from " The West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon " Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont , Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Beljay Mill, and South

" Middleton, to the North Side of the River,

" in the County of Northumberland."

An Act to amend and render mace effectual an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets apd other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of , and for

preventing Annoyances therein, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane called Hog Lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and' widening the High Roads from Basingstoke, through " Popham Lane, Sutton, Scotney, and in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb " Comer, in the County of Wilts, and also fof repairing and widening the Road from over

" Weyhill to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of " Southampton," as relates to the Roads from Bajing-

fioke to Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, qr Pieces of Waste Ground, in the Parishes of , Wirksworth, and Matlock, in the County of Derby.

An Act for naturalizing Nijs Nijfen and Christopher Gabriel Marwade:

An Act for naturalizing John William Paul and Claes Grill:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Qui/l.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday the 25th Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

16 Geo. III. 250 Jamarii. 495

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Owners ana Occupiers of MdTuages, Lands, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, and Hereditaments, within the said. Hundred of,

with such Provisions, Authorities, and Powers therein, for the better maintaining, relieving, and governing thq Poor within the said Hundred, as to the House lhafl seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Huntingdon ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Election. rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in shall appear to them, to the House: this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, And it is referred to Mr. Bacon 9 Mr. Jackson, &c.: in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Honour- And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of

able William Augustus Montagu, deceased. the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hm-sham A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Xoad. the Parish of Leatherhead, and the Places adjacent, in the A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Dl^n

County of Surrey, and of the several other Persons, Owners Melbourne in the Kingdom of , the Reverend Anclolure*

and Occupiers of Estates within the lame, whose Names John , Clerk, Vicar of the Pari (la of Dujion, in are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, the County of Northampton, and others whose Names and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for continuing the are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made Land's and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading mon Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the firom Horsham, in the County of SuJJ'ex, through Cafell, said Parish of Dufion, was presented to the House, and Dorking, Mickle ham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of House at Ehbisham, in the County of Surrey; and from the Petitioners and others, in the Cud Fields, Meadows,

Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed laid County of Surrey, and Setting forth, That there and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present are certain Provisions and Authorities contained in the Situation, are' incapable of much Improvement; and it laid Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will (as the Peti- would tend greatly to the Advantage jof all Persons tioners conceive) be very injurious and detrimental to interested, if the same were divided and inclosed: And the F.states and Properties of the Petitioners, and a therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring manifest Inconvenience to the Public: And therefore in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Mea-praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or dows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, in such Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as are par- Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House ticularly injurious to them; and that they may have shall seem meet.

such Relief as to the House shall seem just and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, equitable. purfoant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Mr, Powys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in,

Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill the feme, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands are WowionBeek. their Petition, if they think fit. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, bdofure.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- or otherwise interested in the Open and Common Fields, mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the and other Commonable Lands and Estates, of and in feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Cud Over Wet don Beck and Nether Wee don Beck, within the Petition. Parish and liberties of Weedon , in the County of

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the N, was presented . to the House, and read; Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. Setting forth, That the Cud Lands and Estates in the

laid Open and Common Fields lie inconveniently Forehoe A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situa-Poor. Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, tion, are incapable of any considerable Improve-Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, and Hereditaments, within ment; and it would be very advantageous to the the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, whose several Persons interested therein, if the feme were Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted and others, chargeable with, and contributing to, the to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hun- Rights and Interests therein: A.ncl therefore praying, dred, was presented to the House, and read; Setting That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing forth, That the Poor within the said Hundred have for and inclosing the Cud Open and Common Fields, ana several Years past greatly inereased, are now very numer- other Commonable Lands and Estates, in such Manner ous, and maintained at a much greater Charge than for- as to the House shall seem meet.

merlv, and such Expences are yearly increasing; and that Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, the granting of proper Powers for the better Government purfoant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that and Regulation of the Poor within the said Hundred, and Mr. Powys and Mr. Knightley do prepare, and bring in, providing a House, with a proper Quantity of Land, for the feme, their general Reception and Employment, will tend to the

more effectual Assistance and Relief of such as, by Age A Petition of the Provost, iMagistrates, and Town D°n<fee and Infirmities, or Diseases, are rendered incapable of Council of Dundee, was presented to the House, and Two Pcnniw

supporting themselves by their Labour, to the better read; Setting forth. That, by an Act passed in the cott‘

Employment of the Able and Industrious, to the Cor- Parliament of in the Year 1 707, an Imposition

red ion and Punishment of the Idle and Profligate, and of Two Pennies Scots (over and above the Duties of

to the Education of poor Children in Religion, and Excise) was laid upon every Pint of Ale and Beer

training them up to Industry, to the considerable Relief brewed, brought' in, tapped, vended and fold, within of the Petitioners, and the general Good of Society: the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs

Vol. 35. thereof

Jovis, 2 5* die Januarii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP" Reg'd, 1776. Prayers.

Picjitteed b f

Call of the House.

Shaftefhury

Election.

Chaplain.

496 250 — $6° — ^27® — 290 Januarii. A. 1776.

thereof, for paying off and discharging such Public

Debts as then had been incurred on several Occasions by Veneris, 26° die *Januarii;

.the said Town; which Act was continued by several sub-

sequent Acts of the-4th and 20th Years of the Reign of Anno 16° Georgii IIId1 Regis, 1776.

his late Majesty; and that the Money arising by the said

Duty hath been duly applied, according to the Direction

of the said Acts, and great Progress hath been made Prayers.

in carrying on the Work thereby directed to be done, npHE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera- Worcester

whereby a considerable Debt is now owing on the X tion the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, Elcaioa-

Credit of the said former Acts, which cannot be paid complaining of the undue Election and Return of John off, and the Repairs and other necessary Works by the Waljh and Thomas Bases Rousy Esquires, for the City of said Acts directed to be done, carried on, and com- Worcester, being come;

pleted, unless the Terms and Powers by the said for- The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker,

mer Acts granted be enlarged: And therefore praying, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for pro- the immediate Attendance of the Members on the longing the said Grant, for such a Number of Years, Business of the House: and on such Terms, as the House shall think fit. And he went accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And being returned;

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 70 mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall Members only being found to be present; appear to them, to the House: Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of

And it is referred to Mr. Dempster, Mr. Johnstone, &c.: the Day, for taking the said Petition into Considera-And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of tion . ^nd immediately adjourned the said Order, with the Clock, in, the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power out a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon ‘ the 6 th Day of December last, for the House to be called over upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon 1Monday the 12th Day of February next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon the 2d Day of November last, for taking into Consideration, upon Thursday the First Day of February next, the Minutes of the Examination, taken before the Selcft Committee, who were appointed, in the last Session of Parliament, to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. '

Ordered, That the said Minutes be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 14th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House upon Thursday the* First Day of February next, do attend this House upon Wednesday the 14th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Tuesday next, the 30th Day of this Instant January.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without-a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 27* die Januarii; Anno 160 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera- ®tt®. tion the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of the undue Election and Return dF John Walsh and Thomas Bates Rous, Esquires, for the City of Worcester, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 6 Members only being found to be present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunee, 29° die Januarii;

Anno 16° Georgii llllii Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

H E Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of the undue Election and Return of John j Waljh and Thomas Bates Rous, Esquires, for the City of Worcester, being come;

The

16 Geo. III. 29° Januarii,

497

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and m Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents for the Petitioner, and the . Counsel and Agents for the said Mr. Waljhy and the Counlcl'and Agents for the said Mr. Rous> were called in . to- the Bar.

And; the Door of the House being locked;

The . laid Counsel for the Sitting Members severally informed the House, That, the said Sitting Members appeared on different Interests; that the Charge against them contained in the said Petition was Bribery, which in its Nature is distinct and must attest them, Separately; that the Sitting Members made a separate Canvass, which was begun at different Times, and carried on by different People; and that the Numbers on the Poll for the Sitting Members were not the fame; and that the Petition contained different Allegation^ against them; they’also dated that they knew nothing of each other’s Cafe; and that there had been no Kind of Communication between them.

And the said Counsel having been heard thereto;

The Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, and dated to the House, that though the Canvass began at different Times, yet that as soon as Mr. Rout appeared, the Sitting Members became joint Candidates, and were lb at the 'rime of the Election; that the Petitioner meant to attack both their Seats; and that the Course of the Evidence to be laid before the Committee affected them jointly; and that therefore they opposed the Sitting Members separating in their Defence.

And thereupon the said Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

Resolved, That the said John IValJh and Thomas Bates Rous, Esquires, be at Liberty to appear as separate Parties, on distinct Interests.

And the Counsel and Agents being again called to the Bar, Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Four, on account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Scleft Committees; and Two, on account of their being Members against whole Bet urns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete; Lists of the said Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents withdrew.

A Petition of William Welby, Esquire, Lord of the hc 0 urc* Manor of Welby, in the County of Lincoln, and of several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

Vql. 35,

on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish of Welby aforesaid, several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted to the Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would bp of great Benefit to the Petitioners: , - .

And therefore praying. That Leave may f be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, subj'eft to such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Lord Brownlozv Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the fame*

A Petition of Francis Fawkesy Esquire, Lord of the StaTnbume Manor of Stainburne, in the Parish 01 Kir kby Over blow t Inclosure. in the Cqunty of York, and of the Wastes. and Commons thereof, and also Owner of all, or thp greatest Part of all, the inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Manor and Township- of Stainburne, and the Reverend Charles Cooper, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish of Kirkby Overblow aforesaid, and as such entitled to all the Tythes, Tenths, Modules, and other Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever, arising within, or payable out of, the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Manor and Township of Stainburne aforesaid, called Stainburne Common, containing about 1121 Acres, which in its present State is incapable of much Improvement; and*that, if the feme was inclosed, and allotted into specific Shares to the Petitioners, and discharged of Tythes, it would be very advantageous, to the Petitioners, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Lascelles and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Ex- Derby ecution an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Roads.* " Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from <c The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of " Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Ch eft erfield% u in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of 1

" Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth9 u in the said County of Derby" whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read;

Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have made a great Progress in repairing and widening the Roads in the said Act described, but find that several of the Powers thereby granted are defective, and require Amendment; and that several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which still remain unpaid; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that the said Roads cannot be.effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the.

Money due on the Credit of the Tolls be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be further enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 6 L Consideratioft

Goocsl

o

4 98 29° — 31"

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the tame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Mr. Mon-

tagu, kc.: And they are to meet upon Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dufton Mr. Knight ley presented to the House, according to Jnelofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wsmungton Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Joclofare. Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclol-ing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Warmington, in the County of Warwick, is committed.

Leigh Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Or-Indolure, der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or 1 rad of Common and Waste Land, called The Link, and other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the County of Wor-eester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Odel Mr. Ongley presented to the House, according to

Indofcrok Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odel, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Januarii. 1776.

ley, Esquire, Charles Warwick Bampfylde, Esquire, John Tempest, Esquire, Ru hard Croftes, Esquire.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.' 1

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tQ Berks the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for *"

the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room

of Christopher Griffith, Esquire, deceased.

The Thirteen Members before-mentioned being again Worcester returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents ' 10"’

were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee informed the House, that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Sir George Servile Baronet, and Robert Henley Ongley, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the said. Mr. Ongley having required to be ex- cufed from serving on the said Select Committee, on account of his having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on a Select Committee; he was exculed accordingly.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members again withdrew;

And the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

And being again returned;

The Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee informed the House, that the said Thirteen Members had, by themselves, chosen Charles Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of the said Sir George Savi/e, Baronet, and Charles Meilish, Esquire, were added to the said Lift of Thirteen Members.

The said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, now taken into Consideration, were lworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the said Counsel and Agents were di-rested to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- And then the House adjourned till Wednesday

and Means, ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. ---- — ------------------- — «

The other Order of the Day being read;

Hindoo Ordered, That the Report, which upon the 14th Day Electkm. of February, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James thorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindoo, in the County of Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Worcester The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Election. ^ajn returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts which had been struck in his Presence, by the Counsel for Mr. Rous in the First Place, for Sir Watkin Lewes in the Second Place, anti for Mr. Wetlfh in the Third Place, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, which last-n>entioned Lift was read; and is as follows: Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, Francis Annejley, Esquire, Matthew Wy Esquire, Abel Smith, Esquire, Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, John Rogers, Esquire, John Walter, Esquire, Sir Adam Fer-gujjon. Baronet, Thomas De Grey, Esquire, George -H

Mercurii, 310 die Januarii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

rT'^HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera- Derby Action, the Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, F-le&ion, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, complaining of the undue Election and Return of John GiJborne, Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The

v

Hartwell

and

Stone

(idofure*

L

16 Geo. III.

31° Januarii.

499

The Ifouic was counted by Mr. Speaker, and ioj Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides' were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Orders of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Confederation.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were drawh, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Abel Moyf, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to lerve On the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Elwes, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Four, on account of their then serving on a Select Committee; Five, on account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on a Select Committee; One, on account of his having voted at the said Election; and Three, on account of their being Members against whole Returns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nme Members, lo drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of Sir William , Baronet, Lord of the Manor, and Patron of the Livings of and

in the County of Bucks, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors within the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, in the said Parishes and Liberties, several Open and Common Fields, called Southwarp

Field, Stone Field, and Bishopstone Field, containing toge-

ther 1740 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners, together with others, are Proprietors of the said Common Fields, and all the Lands and Grounds lying and comprised within the said Parishes and Liberties; and that the said Lands and Grounds arc intermixed, and very inconveniently situated, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners, and others the Land Owners within the Parishes and Liberties aforesaid, are desirous that the same lands and Grounds may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Shares thereof may be allotted and assigned unto and amongst them in Severalty, in lieu of and in proportion to their respective Lands, Tythes, Common Rights, and Interests therein, and that a Compensation for the Tythes arising out of the several old Inclosures may be settled and adjusted: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, within the Parishes and Liberties aforesaid, and for making Compensation for the said Tythes V«L. 35.

arising out of the old Inclosure aforesaid, or such other Relief in the Premites, as to the House shall seen meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilk pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Lovell Stanhope, and Mr. Hopkins, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees

Ordered, That the Thanks of this HToufe, be given to Chaplain, the Reverend Arthur Onslow, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yeffcerday, before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are Nettlcham thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of I and*, and Inclosure. Common of Pasture, within the Manor and Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, wherein the respective Properties of the several Proprietors lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Parcels, and are in many Places inconveniently situated, and cannot be much improved in their present State, yet are nevertheless capable of great Improvement by Inclosure: and therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, apportioning and inclosing the lame, in such Manner as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Lord Brown/ozv Bertie, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Forehoe the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal °°r* Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Messuages,

Lands, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, and Hereditaments, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, chargeable with and contributing to the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundred, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the fakl Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Peter Stoughton, being examined; said. That the Poor, in the several Parishes within the said Hundred, hare, for several Years last past, greatly increased; and that they are at present very numerous, and are maintained at a great Expence: That the granting proper Powers for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor within the said Hundred, and providing a proper House for their Reception and Employment, will tend to the more effectual Assistance and Relief of such Poor; and by Means thereof, they will be maintained at much less Expence than at present: And the Witncls added, that the Poors Rates are lately much increased in the Parishes within the said Hundred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr. , and Mr. Milles,

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of, and Per- Beckingham Ions interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Com- fpclotur*. mons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of ham, in the County of Nottingham, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Property of the Persons interested in the Open Mea-

dows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said

Parish,

Upton

Incioftire.

Boston

Harbour.

500

31° Janaarii. A. 1776.

Parish, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and incapable at present of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be beneficial to all Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Satisfaction made for . the Tythes of the same Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Property of the Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and incapable at present of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be beneficial to all Parties interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Satisfaction made for the Tythes of the same Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that 1 »rd Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

to promote and encourage Trade and Navigation, and be of public Utility; and that much Danger and Mil-chief may happen to Ships and Vessels lying in the said Haven and Harbour, occasioned by Fire made use of in heating combullible Matters on board of such Ships and Vessels; and that, if Mooring-Polls were let down in proper Places, within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour, it would more effectually tecure the Ships and Vessels riding the rein; and that wooden Bridges, to be affixed and laid down over several of the Creeks within the Limits of the Admiralty Jurisdiction of the said Mayor and Burgesses, for' the Convenience of towing or haling Ships and Vessels into and opt-of. the said Port, are much wanted, and would be of great Benefit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given-to bring in a Bill for: preventing the Mischiefs and Inconveniences, and for effecting die good Purposes above mentioned; and for laying such Tonnage and Duties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, on board of Ships and Vessels arriving at, and going out of, the said ' Borough and Port of Boston, as shall be judged reasonable and expedient for carrying the said good Purposes into Execution, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the larrte, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and also of several of the Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels residing within and trading and navigating to and from the said Borough and Port, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Borough is a very ancient Borough, within the Liberties whereof there are a Port, Haven, and Harbour, for importing and exporting Merchandize; and that the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough have, as well by Prescription as Royal Charter, been a Corporation for 200 Years, and upwards; and that, by virtue of certain Letters Patent granted to them by Queen,

bearing Date on or about the 10th of July in the 13th Year of her Reign, have and do now use and exercise Admiralty Jurisdiction within the said Borough and Port, and also the Roads, and all and singular the Deeps, commonly called The Norman Deeps, and also all and all Manner of Places and Parts and Water-courses, and the Streams of the Walhes, near and in the Parts of Holland, extending to the Haven or Place called

IVainfl.eet Haven, and to a certain Place called Pullye Heads, and to another Place or Sand called The and to another Place called The Dog's Head in the Pot, and to the uttermoll Limits of the Flowing and Ebbing of the Waters aforesaid, and every of them, and adjoining to the Sea ^pd Floods and Streams of the Borders and Confines of the County of Norfolk; and that, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, and others since to them granted, and by long Usage, have erected and put down proper Buoys and Beacons in the Channel of the said Port; and that the Entrance into the said Port is, by the continual Shifting and Alteration of the Sands, become very dangerous without the Assistance of a skilful Pilot; and that many Ships and Vessels have of late Years been endangered, owing to the Negligence and Ignorance of the Persons who take upon them to conduct: Ships and Vessels into and out of the said Port; and that the Prices or Rates of Pilotage are not at present settled by any Law or Charter; and that a proper Regulation of the Pilots, of the said Port, and the af-certaining of their Prices or Rates, would tend greatly

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of fevc-ral of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough, are very ill lighted and watched, and that many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed therein in the Nighttime, for want of the same being properly lighted and watched; and that the same are rendered very incommodious and dangerous, by reason of the many Nuisances. Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and that the better lighting and watching of the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and the Removal of the Nuitances, Annoyances, and Obflruc-tions therein, and the preventing thereof for the future, will be of great Benefit and Safety to the Inhabitants, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in' a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Com-rtionable Lands, within the Townships of’ AJlerby and Goulceby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord

Boston

Harbour.

Afterbjr

and

Goulcrby

Inclosure.

16 Geo. III. , 31 ° Januarii. cot

Gunby I ord Brozvnlo'zv Bertie reported from the Committee, Korib"v’ith m *° v'^om t*lc dill for dividing and inclosing the Open liidoiure. Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties -of Gunby and Ncf/il¥it ham, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclol'ure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

o

WolfP* A Petition of John Adam Hecker, wa? presented t Nat the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill, for naturalizing Charles Godfrey And

therefore praying, That his Name may be inserted in the said Bill, for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Charles Godfrey Wolff, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for naturalizing the Petitioner John Adam

Stourbridge A Petition of the Bailiff, Justice, Aldermen, and <.an»L Burgesses, of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of PVorcester, in Common Hall assembled, under their Common Seal, and of the principal Inhabitants residing in the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, for making a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of cester, to join ttie Staffordshire and Canal

Navigation, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also for making Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that the said collateral Cuts will open to very extensive Coal Mines, which, before the making of the Stafford-shire and Worcestershire Canal, supplied the said Town , of Kidderminster with Coal by Land Carriage, and in

Return large Quantities of Grain and other Necessaries, purchased at the Market in the said Town, were forwarded to a very populous Country near to such Mines, but that the Demand for Coals to the said Borough and the Iron Works in the Neighbourhood is now chiefly supplied by Water Carriage from Works at a more remote Distance, on the Banks of the Birmingham Canal, and from whence there has been so great a Demand, that they have not been able to supply that and the neighbouring Markets in a regular Manner; and that the Sale for Coals from the said first-mentioned Coal W orks is in other respects greatly taken otf, for Want of a like Conveyance by Water; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the opening of such Car.al and collateral Cuts will not only afford a more plentiful Supply of Coals to the said Borough, but will be a Means of restoring and establishing a mutual Intercourse between the fame, and the said Town and Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, by Means whereof Coals, as well as Corn and other Necessaries, W. 35.

supplied by the said Market, will be handed tb the Consumers at easier Rates; and the Petitioners apprehend the Staffordshire and Worcesterjhir Canal (for the obtaining of the Act whereof the Corporation and Inhabitants of this Borough were Petitioners to the House) will become of more general Utility by Means of a Junction with the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts; And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the IToufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Hindoo into Consideration the Report, which, upon the 14th Election. Day of February in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Scleft Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and R Beckford, Ef-

quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ilindon, in the County of Wilts, be . now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to incapacitate certain Persons, therein to be mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery arid Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Dundas, Mr. Byng, Mr. Solicitor Gereral,

Sir George Hay, Mr. Grenville, Lord George Germain,

Mr. Elwes, Mr. Vanneck, Mr. 1VfaMr. Brett, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Filmer Honywood, Mr.

Wollajion, Colonel Vaughan, Mr. P he lips, Mr. Allen,

Mr. Benyon, and Mr. Cary, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Militia the 8th Day of December last, for the Second Reading (Scotland.) of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 12th Day of February next. 1

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being Derby ag;in returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- B*44*00* tend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Abel Moyfey and John Elwes, Esquires, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Paul Feilde, Esquire, Philip Esquire,

Charles Dundas, Esquire, Thomas Hay, Esquire, * min Langlois, Esquire, Staats Dong Morris, Esquire,

Thomas Dundas, of Cafilecary, Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, the Honourable Charles Marsham,

Sir Thomas Wynne, Baronet, Sir TTh Miller, Baronet, Andrew Stuart, Esquire, the Honourable George Venables Vttrnon, Abel Moyfey, Esquire, John Ehves, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Scleft Committee, for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and also of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are there/* unto subscribed, Electors of Members ro serve in Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in County of

6 M Derby,

\ '

50a 31® Januarii —

Derby, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, i° die Februarii;

Anno 160 Georgii IIPil Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Stroudwater a PETITION of several Persons whose Names avigation, j^ are tkereullt0 subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the River Stroudwater, between Framiload and Wallbridge, in the County of Gloucester, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload\ to W'allbridge, near the Town of Stroud% in the same County; and also to give other Powers for the Purposes of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wall-bridge aforesaid; and setting forth, that there are, upon the said River, between Wallbridge and Framiload, several Mills wrought by Wheels turned by the Water of the said River, for which Purpose a great Force and Weight of Water is necessary; and that the said Mills, upon a moderate Calculation, afford Employment for Five Thousand, and thereby give Bread to above Nine Thousand Persons, and during the Summer Months in general have not a sufficient Supply of Water to keep them going more than Two-thirds, and sometimes not more than Half, their Time; and should the proposed Navigation take Place, it would deprive the Petitioners of a great Quantity of Water, and render the said Mills of little Use 5 and, that at the Time of passing the said Act of the Third Year of his late Majesty, Provision was made that the intended Navigation should not be worked during Two Months in the Summer; and by an Act, made in the 32d Year of his laid late Majesty, for amending the said Act, the Undertakers thereby appointed are expressly prohibited from making or using any J/x:k* and a Method is therein prescribed-ibr answering the Purpose of Navigation without any Waste of Water whatsoever; and that the Petitioners apprehend that the Advantages to arise from the proposed Navigation will not be adequate to the Injury thereby done to private Property; and that making the same in the Manner proposed by the said Bill will be highly injurious to the Woollen and Iron Manufactures now carried on within the said County to a very considerable Extent: And therefore praying, That the Petitioned may be heard, by their CounfeJ, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pafi into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition, i?

[° Februariu A. 1776.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about Ditto, the Market Town of Painfuncle, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed that Application is to be made for a Bill, to make and maintain a Navigation from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Petitioners apprehend such Navigation would be very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Country, and likewise be of great public Utility:

And therefore praying. That such Bill may pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Inhabitants of the Ditto. Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; Settingforth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River " Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the " Town of Stroud, in the same County;" and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid; and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of the said Navigation, great Quantities of Coal, Salt, and other Articles of Commerce, will be forwarded, whereby the said Borough and the adjacent Country may be supplied with those necessary and valuable Commodities upon better Terms than at present; which, the Petitioners conceive, will be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and in particular to the Poor of the said Place, and be other Wife of great public Utility: And therefore'praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and und£r such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Bo- Ditto, rough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, and for giving other Powers for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid; and that the Petitioners apprehend such Navigation will be very beneficial to the Trade and Manufacture of the said Borough, and will also be of great public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Terms and Conditions as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " navigable the Iiiver Stroudwater, in the " County of Gloucester, from the River Severn,

" at or near Framiload to Wallbridge, near the w Town of Stroud, in- the feme Countyand for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Scvennight.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Derby, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, w An Act for repairing and widening the Road <c leading from The White Stoop, near the North End " of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duf-M field and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the

" Town

16 Geo. III.

Februarii.

5«3

" Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from " the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall, in the " Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of

" by," whose Names are thereunto tubicribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetft;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Richard Slater, Clerk to the Didrift of Road between Sheffield and Duffield, being examined, said. That the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the several Districts of Roads in the said Act mentioned; but that several Amendments are necessary, and that many of the Restrictions contained in the said Act have proved of great Detriment to the Road, particularly that of the Gates being fixed at particular Places; and likewise, that many of the Exemptions enable Persons to travel upon the Road Toll-free, who ought to contribute, upon Account of the Didance they go; that there is owing on the Didfift of Road between Sheffield and Duffield £. 8,750, or thereabouts; and on the Didrift of Road between Duffield and Derby 300, or thereabouts; and that the Act is very near expiring, and the Roads cannot be effectually amended, nor the Money owing repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereof are enlarged. Then,

Mr. Thomas Ittce, Clerk of the Didrift of Road between Wirksworth and Duffield, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of the above Witness, except as to the Sums borrowed upon the said Two Didrifts; and he further added. That there is owing on the Didrift of Road between Wirksworth and Duffield, the Sum of £. 1,840, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re- pairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of through

’ " the Towns of Duffield and C in the County " of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of " York, and from the said Town of to the

" Moot Hall, in the Town of Wirkffilaorth, in the said " County of Derby And that Lord Mr. Gtcrzon, and Lord Richard do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingbroolk do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Parish and Lit»erties of wick with Upthorpe, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed.

The Lord Hinchingbrook accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Com mi tee had exam ned, and found that the Bill (being only for exchanging Lands, in the said Parish of Spaldwick Upthorpe, for

other Lands in an adjoining Parish) does not come within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Parties concerned had given their Confonl to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and rnade several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the P eport in hii Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tafcde: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout 5 and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Questioft severally put thereupon, were agreed to t>y the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bfe ingrefied.

1 . „

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuattt tp their Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1775: And also, .

Surplufes, stated the 10th Day of October 1775.

And the Titles of the said Surplufes were read.

The said Surplufes are preserved amongst tht other Papers of this Session: And the Abstracts thereof are as followeth;

Vo!,. 35.

ABSTRACT

Spaldwick

with

UHiorpe

Inclosure.

Surplufes.

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSES, Hated the 5th Day of April 1775.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

Dr.

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1775; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1.)

Ditto of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio 2.) -

Ditto of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3.). -

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and under-valued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii i*1 ——

To Monies brought to this Account on the jth Day of April 1775, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf, viz.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii 241, for the Service of the £. /. d.

Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii 2* 15,991 " —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Acts 160 Georgii 241, brought to this Account pursuant toD° - - - - - - 9749 — —

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18® Georgii 2*, for the

Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D® - - - *3*33* 1 2i

Surplus of the Duties on Glass, and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 19* Georgii a44, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 26,197 *4 6$

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 241, for the Service of the Year 1747,

brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- 47*020 14 5

The Suofidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -164,104 8 xof

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii lmi, for the

Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant toD® - —

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver

Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund, by an Act 32° Georgii iAi - - 2,620 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses, and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, and the Arrears of the Duties on Ditto, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act.....- 102,475 14 —

The Duty of 3/. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26°

Georgii 2? - -- -- - 124,326 — 9}

The Duty of lit. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made fron Briti/k or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27° Georgii 2dl - -- 4,290 — —

Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, and Coal?, continued by an Act 2® Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £.1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2di ----- 29,116 13 6

Surplus of the Duty upon Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £ 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 241 - -- - 14,821 16 8

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this

Account pursuant to an Act 29® Georgii 2di - -- -- - 22,340 — —

The additional Duty on Cardi and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other

Act 290 Georgii 2dl - - \ - - - 6,353 — —

The several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2cy° Georgii 2d* - - - - -6,73 3

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and prii ted Papers* granted by an Act 30° Georgii

2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32° Georgii 2^ 34,832 — - —

To the additional Duty upon Coals exported, the like - 5,786 6

£. 1. d.

835,445 12 8

133*5 !4 *& 6\ 373.90* 8

1,342,861 17 6 20 13 7i

Per Contra Cr.

By the Chief Caflrier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to £. u d> pay Half a Year’s Interest, at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th day of January 1775,on the principal Sum of £.38,190,088. 13/. n|/to which the Sum of £.39,281,521. 5/. 1 \d. charged on this Fund (being Part of £.39*781,521. 5/. i\d. made one Joint Stock of Annuities, by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the same £. 1,091,432. 11/. for a proportional Part of £. 1,105,325, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts ia°and 14° Georgii 3d1 - 572,851 6 yf

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year - - - 10,662 4 2$

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to

iich £.19,183,323. i6j. 4^. charged 1 5W Georgii 3d1, is reduced, by abating from the same £.583,250, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12° and 14® Georgii 3d4 279,001 2 if

By Ditto for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Half Year 5*3* 5 5

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1775, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on £. 1,962,950, to which £. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 24° Georgii 2, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 137,050, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12° and 14® Georgii 3lJ - -- -- - -29,444 5 —

By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half

Year.....551 1 7

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Live?, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dI, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii ad!, for >

the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1775 - - - - 14,366 2 6

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1775 ---- *70 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of April 1775, on £ 18,986,300, to which the principal Sum of £.20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £. 4 per Con- '

turn Annuities by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU]B. reduced, by the Srru of £.1,253,700 having beeii subscribed, for £.3 ptr Centum Annuities, with the Advantages attending the same pursuant to an Act 10' Georgii 3til ----- - 379»726 " —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 5,339 17 u|

By tbs said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts l° and 2® Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 4° Georgii 3d1 for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1775 - - - 124,125 —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Half Year - 1*745 10 1}

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,986,107. 11 /. 1 £//. remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 31° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged 0:1 this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of Januay 1775 - - - ‘ - - - - 1,402 6 loj

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of January 1775, of the

504 i° Februariu 1776.

To the Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like *>47^ 12 ,of

To Ditto of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - - - ai>S57 3

o To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Ggor£l* r 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2P - H5»5^6 12 4*

uo To the additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - 2>*74 — "

V' To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32° Georgii 2dl and 50 Georgii 3di - *>499 — —

To the Surplus of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii

2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 20 Georgii 3tU - - - 28,225 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2and 6*

Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6° Georgii 3d1 - - 170,488 — —

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3d1, and brought . to this Account pursuant to the same Act - 30,146 — —

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2*, brought to this Account

pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3d1 ----- - 63,038 —

Tq the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3d1,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3tU - - - 248,664 — —

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India

Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3d1 - - 18,284 4 6

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like ----- 332 — —

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies, imported, granted,

' and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1 - - - 500 — —

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c. granted and made a Part

of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3di ----- 8,008 16 4

*To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted,

and made a Part of this Fund by an Act y° Georgii 3d1 - . - -: ‘ - 3,056 8 3

To the additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3tU,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act, 8° Georgii 3d1 ----- $3*524 4 »

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act, 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act, 8° Georgii 3tU - *» - - 1,588 — —

v --------- t,389,236 10

£. 2,732,119 1

D

(Q

r-H

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

tc

Ml

H

PS

n

H

Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31* Georgii 2^, which, by a Clause in the find Act, is to be fe-placed to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ----- - 23,468 14 9I

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to reimburse Fees paid for Warrants and Orders at the Treasury and Exchequer, and and for proving Annuities, &c. and also for Fees paid to the Auditors of the Im-prelb, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing. Accounts of the Dividend Warrants, for paying Consolidated £.3 per Cent. Annuities; Annuities granted Anno 1758, and long Annuities for One Year to the 5th Day of July 1772, and £.4 per Cent. and reduced Annuities for One Year to the 5th of April 1772 ----- 9,661 2 2

By Calli taken in full of £.2,080,696. 12*. 8 id, granted by an Act 140 Georgii

3tU, further towards the Supply of the Year 1774 - - - - 378,585 8 6

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of April 1775, for the Disposition of Parliament 3. ——

1,836,432 7 !{ 895,686 13 10$

£.2,732,119 1 8|

This being the -105th Half-yearfy Account, made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 1 (Page 367.) is humbly presented this 1 ft Day of Fcbrucny 1776, by me.

Grey Cooper.

Os

o

H

o

r

Cn

O

01

ABSTRACT of the said SURPLUSES, flat

g

cgj

n'

CD

CL

cr

CD

o

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

To Cash remaining the re on the 5th Day of April x 775» for the Disposition of Parliament To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1775 Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account (Folio 1)

D°of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account (Folio a)

D*of the General Fund, brought from Account (Folio 3)

879,076 14 110,144 11

398>35*> 9

d.

4 i 5* 4i

Dr.

C

895,686

To Money arisen by Sale of unrated Goods, imported and under-valued, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 11 9 Georgii im5 -

To Monies brought to this Account on the 10th Day of October 1775, pursuant to

the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz. £. /♦ d.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Ad 40 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act

25° Georgii 2*1.....- - - 12,397 l3 5

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Ad 16° Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - 14,048 4 4

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 18®

Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account

pursuant to D* ----- - 30,812 10 19

Surplus of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- - 27,941 3 8

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2for the Service of

the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - - - 49,124 — —

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 210 Georgii 2s9 for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -- -139,666 17 J

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii imi, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant

to D°.....- ——

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 3 2° Georgii 2^ - -- - 4,046 — —

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows* granted by an Act 6°

Georgii 3tU, and the Arrears of the Duties on D#, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - - - -102,176 411J

The Duty of 3/. 4d. pei Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant

to an Act 26* Georgii 2^ - -- -- - 75,355 16 6

The Duty of 12/. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act lo° Georgii 2^ for the Service of the Year 17371 brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2di - - - 6,922 —

Surplus of the additional Duty on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 20 Georgii 2^, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an

Ad 28° Georgii 2di.....- 33,121 2 —

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act l° Georgii 2dl, for raffing the Sum of £. 1,750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 28° Georgii 2d 28,071 15 8f The Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors,

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29* Georgii 2" - - 17,971 10 4

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2^ r 5*47a *3 9

l’3*7>57 7 15

7" S

I!

/. d

13 1C

ted the ioth Day of October 1775.

Per Contra

Cr.

7f

5 — 12 8f

275,306 12 \\

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, at /. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1775, on the Principal Sum of £. 38,190.088. 13/. w\d. to which the Sum of £.39,281,521. 5/. 1 \d. charged on this Fund (being Part of £. 39,781,521. 5/. 1 Jr/, made one Joint Stock of Annuities by several Acts of Parliament) is reduced, by abating from the same £.1,091,432. 11 /. i\d. for a proportional Part of £. 1,105,325, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120 and 140

Georgii 3r" - - -.....572,851

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - 10,662 By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay 3 Months Interest at £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of 7*^1775, on the principal Sum of £.246,300 (subscribed pursuant to, and upon the Terms granted in, an Act of the last Session of Parliament) Part of £.18,600,073. 16/. 4d. being the Remainder of £. 19.183,323. 16/. 4d. which was made One joint Stock of Annuities, and charged cn this Fund, by Acts 250 Georgii 2^ and5° Georgii 3Ui ----- - 1,84 7

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - 34

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the ioth Day of October 1775, being after the Kate of£. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of£. 18,353,773. 16/. 4A to which the above Sum of £. 19,183,323. 16/. 4d. is reduced, by abating from the same £.829,550, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 150 Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - - 5,161 19

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1775, being after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on £*1,962,956, to which £.2,100,000 borrowed on Credit of this Fund’by an Act 240 Georgii 2^, is reduced, by abating from the fame£. 137,050, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120 and 140 Georgii 3111 - ---- 29,444

By Ditto for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the same Time - - 552

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Ad3o° Georgii 2^, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2dl$ for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1775 ----- 14,196 7 6

By Calli taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3*, for the Half Year ended the lothDay of October 1775 - - - - 270 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Annuity, due the ioth Day of October 1775, on £. 18,086,300, to which the principal Sum of £. 20,240,000 (made one Joint Stock of £. 4 pei~

Centum Annuities by an Act 2,0 Georgii 3lii) is reduced, by the Sum of £. 1,253,700 having been subscribed for £. 3 per Centum Annuities, with the Advantages

attending the fame, pursuant to an Act lo° Georgii 3d1 - - - -. -379,726----

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the fame. Half-Year. - 5,339 17 11J

By the said Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities granted per Acts i° and 20 Georgii 3lIi, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made one Joint Stock of Annuities from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1775 124,125 — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities (or the same Half Year - 1,745 10 1 \

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of £.4,986,107. lor. 1 \d. remaining unredeemed of £. 5,000,000 borrowed by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 2^, for the Service of the Year 1758, (which Management was, by a Clause ill the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of July 1775 - - - 1,402 6 10J

o

ON

n!

S — 1 7

Februariio A. 177 6.

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

CT

o

t-

CO

Cr\

,>719 -

- 34,604-----

The several Hates and Duties payable by all Persons> Badies Politic or Cot* porate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii - 4*54^ "

To the additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 300 Georgii 2d, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320

Georgii 2^, - - - -.....28,518 13 7

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - - - - 6,280 10 7

The Surplus of the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, the like - 5.299 6 3f

D* of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like - - 19,713 4 8£

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii 2d, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330

Georgii 2<" - „ - - - . 7 - - 105,228 9 11

The additional Inland Duty on Chocolate, the like - - - - 1,118 — —

The . additional Inland Duty on Coffee, per Acts 32° Georgii 2*, and 50 Georgii 3tU -

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Act 240 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to Act 2° Georgii j111 -

'The Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dI, and 6° Georgii 3*", brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and 6°

Georgii 3^ - -- 192,481 — —

The Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20 Georgii 3% and

brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - - - . 35,293 — —

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2dl, and brought to

this Account pursuant to one other Act,2° Georgii 3d1 - - - - 267,234 — —

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 1°

Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3d1 - 252,588 — —

The additional Duties Upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50

Georgii 3d1.....- 16,465 — li

The additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like - i,6ei 18 9

The additional Duties upon Italian Silk, Crapes, and Tiffanies, imported,

granted, and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU - - 2,000 — —

The additional Siibfidy upon East India wrought Silks, &c. granted and

made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3d1 - - 4. 2 4I

The additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings, imported, granted, and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3d1 The additional Duties upon Wines imported, granted by an Act 3°

- 4,000 — —

Georgii 3* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8° Georgii _

The Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3d1-

43,059 9 —

- 11,212----

1,580,093 9 — i

To Cash brought from the Supply for the Service of the Year 1775, pursuant to an Act 150 G*,rg.i 3d1, to replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1774* of the Fund established for paying Annuities, "rained by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King

2*967,678 4 8

45.446 8 2

3*0*3.124

3>9°8, Sn

C

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid at the Exchequer for Tmpreft Rolls to the Auditor

of the Imprefts on Declaration; and at the Pipe Office, on obtaining a Quietus on 2 Years Accompts ended the 5th of July 1771, and for Fees to the Auditors of the Imprefts, for examining, auditing, and ingrossing the Accompts of Dividend Warrants for the £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, the £. per

Centum Annuities, granted Anno 175S, and the Long Annuities, for One Year, to' the 5th Day of July 1773, and the Reduced Annuities and £. 4 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, for One Year to the 5th Day of April 1773 - 9,005 I. 3

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1775, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2-i, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in.

Parliament ----- 20,627 II 1

By the Usher of the Exchequer for Necessaries ----- 23 —

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1775, pursuant to an Act 150 Georgii 3Ui, being the Surplus of this Fund which remained for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th Day of April 1775 - -- 895,686 13 10J

By Cash taken in Part of £, 1,915*552. 16/. n\d. granted by the said Act towards

the Supply of the said Year 1775 - - 1,560,823 17 10$

£. 3,908,811 6 8£

This being the 106th Half Yearly Accompt made up pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii i^i (Page 367) is humbly presented this ift Day of February 1776, by me,

Grey Cooper\

2 10

cn

O

"4

16 Geo. IIL i*

Account ordered: Sinking Fund.

Ruflrton

Spencer

Inclosure.

WolfPs

Nat.

Malden Election. \

Cricklade

Election.

508

Februarii.

A. 1776-

Ordered That the said Surplufes do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the Fifth Day of January 1776, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Rufhton Spencer, in the Parish of , and

County of Stafford, and of several others. Freeholders and Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, several Commons and Waste Grounds, containing by Estimation about 400 Acres, which, in their present Situation, are but of little Value to the Parties interested therein; but, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Asheton Curzon, Mr. Curzon, and Mr. Grosvenor, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Godfrey and

John Adam Hecker: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that the Right honourable Drigue Lord Waltham of the Kingdom of,

who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, desires to withdraw his laid Petition;

The House being allb informed, that the several Persons, whose Names are subscribed to a Petition presented to this House, being Freemen of the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, on Behalf of themselves and other Freemen of the said Borough, lijtewife complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their laid Petition;

Ordered, That the several Orders, made upon the 7 th Day of November last, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration upon Tuesday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Lord Waltham have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the said several Persons, Freemen of the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, have Leave to withdraw their laid Petition.

The House was moved, that the several Orders, made upon the 31st Day of last, for taking into

Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of John Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and allb the Petition of the Subscribers, Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and others Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

16

Memorandum i Notices were again lent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of the Traders and other Inhabitants of Stourbridge the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or n6af the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Wore fie", to join the Staffer dshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stoartonf

in the County of Stafford, and allb Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal neaf the Juntftion of Wordesley Brook with the River St outs and ^he other from a Place called Black Delph upon the said Chace, to join the First mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford: and that the Trade of the aforesaid Borough (which is situated upon the River Severn) greatly depends upon a numerous Part of the inhabitants thereof, who are Barge Owners and Bargemen employed ,in navigating their Vessels upon the said River, many of which are wholly engaged in the Coal and Iron Trade, by which they are enabled to acquire a competent Subsistehce for themselves and Families, and to contribute towards the Support of their Poor, who are at present very numerous; and that, should such Bill pals into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive that a great Number of the said Inhabitants, who are concerned ill the Navigation of the said River, and are able healthy Men, will be reduced to the Necessity of seeking Employment in distant Parts, leaving the Aged and Infirm, as allb many Women and Children, to be supported by the different Parishes, by which Means they will be liable to an exorbitant Poor’s Rate, when many of the inferior Traders, by the Lois of their Trade, will be rendered incapable of paying their Quota of the excessive Demand, and be probably reduced to the Necessity of seeking a Maintenance in other Places, or become an Addition to a numerous and burthensome Poor, in Consequence of which, the Petitioners apprehend, the said Borough will be greatly depopulated, their Trade much prejudiced, and the Householders and House Owners very fnaterially injured: And therefore praying, That the said BUI may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said BUI be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Supply. Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a 10 ean* Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjoummenv

the

16 Geo. III.

1*^5° Februarii

Gunby

and North Wit Haiti

luclosure.

Doncaster

to

Bawtry

Roads.

the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Wit ham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields* Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North IVit ham, in the County of Lincoln*

Ordered, That Lord Brownlovr.Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Persons whole Natnes are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Doncaster to Bawtry, in the Counties of York and Nottingham; and Setting forth. That such Part of the great Northern Road as lies between the Turnpike Road leading from Retford to the South End of Bewdley, and the Road intended to be repaired by the said Bill, is not directed to be repaired by any particular Act of Parliament; and that the repairing and keeping the said Road in Repair would be a great Convenience to Travellers; and that there are Two Roads branching out of the Road intended to be repaired by the said Bill near Roffingtox Bridge, being the Place where a Turnpike is proposed to be erected, One of which Roads leads towards Blyth, and the other towards Thorne; and the Petitioners apprehend, that it will be necessary, in order to prevent evading the Tolls to be collected for repairing the said Road, to erect Side Gates upon the Roads lb branching out as aforesaid; and that it would be a great Saving in the Collection of the said Tolls, if Power was given to change the Course or Path of the said Roads,' near :the Ends thereof, so as to enable One Person to collect the Tolls at the said Turnpike, and also at those Side Gates: And therefore praying* That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ‘Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Francis Ferrand Moore, Esquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the Wills df Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit* notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Moore*

Same*

Luna, 5° die Februarit j

Anno 16* Georgii III. W Regis, (776;

Praters.

H N Hoffman, Charles Godfrey Wolff, and . John J Adam Hecker, took the Oaths appointed, ih order to their Naturalization*

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that John. Ley9 Clerk Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House, being ill, was Assistanf unable to attend the Duty of his Office* of 1* Houfti

Ordered, That Mr/ White do attend at tfed 'fable, during the Absencd of the said Mr* Ley.

Fofton

Inclosure.

ftditbby

lndofure.

VOL. 35.

A Petition of Ralph Creche and John Rickaby, Esquires, Proprietors of a very confidferabk Part of the Open Arable Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Fiston, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That within the said Township are several Common Arable Fields,. Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open 'Lands and Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, 800 Acres, or thereabouts, which lie intermixed and dispersed; and that the dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs* and other Open Lands and Grounds, and extingullhing all Rights of Common and Average thereupon^ and settling and limiting a Compenfetion for the Tythes and other Ecclesiastkal Dues arising therefrom, and from the antient Inclosures within the said Township of FqftoA, would be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein, and of public Utility: And therefore praying*

That Leave may be given to bring lii a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Arid that Mr* Bacon, Sir* John GoodrickC, and "Sir James Penny man, dd prepare, and bring in* the lame*

Mr. Pel hath presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Railhby, in the County of Lincoln: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Refihed', That the Bill be read a Second Time*.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do edrff to the Ldrds, the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,; Meadow, Pasture, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Lord George Cavehdish presented to the House,* according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road u from The While Stdop, near the North End of the " Town of Derbyi through the Towns of Duffield and u Cheferfield\ in the County of Derby, to the Town of " Sheffield, in the County of York, and frdm the said " Town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall, in the Town of " Wirkfwcrth, in the said County of Derby /’* And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Durtaa inon Fields, Meadows, Pastures* Heath, and Waste Inclosure.

6 O Grounds,

Gunby and HorrH Withash irictofufe.

Derby

thro*

Duffield

Roads.

Yclvrrtoft

liidoiure*

Desborough

Inclosure.

Ditto.

Foreboc

Poor.

W oder

Inclosure.

to s* Februar ^.177

Grounds, within the Parish of Du/lon, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Knightly, Mr. Poitys,6cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, .

A Petit bn of the Right honourable William Lord Craven, Lord of the Manor, Patron of the Rectory and perpetual Advowson of the Parish and Parish Church of Yelvertoft, in the County of krid Owner of Part of the Open' and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land and Estates, within the said Parish and Liberties, and the humble Petition of the Rector and Incumbent of the said Parish and Parish Church, and of the several other Persons whose Hkrids are, thereunto subscribed, for and on Bfchalf of them-felves1 and others, Owners and Proprietors of, or other wile interested in the said Opetl &nd Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, within the said Parish and Liberties, was pfefented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and of the several other Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed and tfiiperfed, and, in their

firelent Situation, are incapable of any considerable mprovement; and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Sharis thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and Inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, ana other Coniimonable Lands and Estates, in such Manner as to the House shall fecm meet. ‘

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that "Mr., Knightley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered \That Mr; Powys be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, purfilant to th*e Prayer of the Petition of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands, in the Open and Common Fields of Desborough, in the County of Northampton,

Mr. Potyys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the* Parish of Desborough, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Freehold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish and

Manor of Wooler, in the county of ,

for and in Behalf of themselves and the other Owners of Meflunges, Lands, and Tenements, having a Right of Common upon the Moor, Waste, or Common herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within and Parcel of the said Manor, a certain Moor, Common, or Tract of W afte Land, commonly called or known by the Name ot Wooler Common, containing, by Estimation, 1,290 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Right honourable

Charles Earl of Tankerville, is Lord of the Manor of Wooler aforesaid, and as such is seised of, and entitled, to, the Soil of, and the Royalties within and under the said Moor, Common, or Waste Ground; and that the said Earl of Tankerville and the Petitioners, and several other Owners of Freehold Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish and Manor, or their Trustees, Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, in respect ofe or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to, their several Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, are entided to have and enjoy a Right of Common of Pasture, in, upon, knd throughout, the said Moor, Common, or Waste Ground; and that the said Earl of Tankerville and the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, which in its present State is of little Use, and incapable of Cultivation and Improvement, may be cultivated and improved, and for that Purpose let out, allotted, and divided, to and amongst the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as ro the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purftiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Eden and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Ode! Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Com- ^nclosure* mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odd, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be committed to Mr. Ong-ley, Mr. Luttrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Committee, to Boston whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Harbour. Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, wa& referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Smith, Town Clerk of Boston, being examined, laid. That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Paffeges and Places, within the said Borough, are very ill lighted and watched; and that, for Want of proper Lamps and regular Watchmen, many Disorders and Irregularities are often committed in the Nighttime.

That the Vestry of the Parish Church of Boston was broke open in the Night-time, between the Twenty-eighth and the Twenty-ninth of November last, and all the Communion Plate stolen.

That a certain Place, called The Crane, where Goods are sometimes deposited, was in the Night, between the Fifth and Sixth of December last, broke open, and a Quantity of Linen, to the Value of Ten Pounds, or thereabouts, stolen thereout.

That the Warehouses of Mr. Thomas Waite and Mr.

Smilhfon Taylor were broke open in the Night-time, lometime in December last, and several Grocery Goods stolen thereout.

And the Witness further informed your Committee,

That lie apprehends that those Robberies, and many other Irregularities and Riots, are owing to the want of proper Lamps and Watchmen.

That the said Streets, Lanes, and other public Paffeges and Places, are rendered very incommodious, as

well

Leigh

Inclosure.

Boston

Harbour.

i.5 Geo. III. 5 'Februdrit.51 r

well as dangerous, by many Nuifences, Annoyances, and And that.by virtue of the same Letters Patent, and Obstructions therein. others since to them granted, and by Usage, have

That many Incroachments have been made, and great erected and put down proper Buoys and in the

Quantities ot Rubbish frequently left for a long Time in Channel of the said Port.

the Streets, and other public Places. And the Witness produced to your Committee, a

Mr. Joseph Wharfe, being examined, confirmed the Plan of the Town of and a Chart of the said.

above Evidence; and added, that the Robberies in Port. *

the Warehouses of Mr. Waite and Mr. Taylor were Mr. Joseph Wharf, Matter of the Custom House committed in the Night-time between the *oth and the Smack at Boston, informed your Committee, That he 21st of December lad; and he further added, that in had been Matter of a Vessel above 14 Years, and the Year 1764 the Custom House in the said Borough had constantly used the said JPort; that the Entrance was some Time in the Month of December broke open, into the said Port is, by the continual Shifting and and a large Sum of Money stolen., Alteration of the Sands, become very dangerous j

Ordered, That -Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and that the Assistance of a skilful Pilot is very much for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other wanted for that Reason; and that many Ships and public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Vessels have often been'endangered of late Years by Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for removing the CarelefTnefe and Ignorance of the Person* who take and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstruc- upon them to conduct such Ships and Vessels-into and tions therein: And that Lord Robert Bertie, Lord out of the said Port.

Brownlow Bertie, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Amcotts, and Mr. Arid the Witness added, That he knew many Instances Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. of it, -

Mr. William Smith, bang again examined, informed A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- your Committee, That the Rates of Pilots are not yet mon Fields, and also a certain Parcel.or Tract of: settled by any Law or Charter, and that the proper Common and Waste Land, called The Dink, and other Regulation of the Pilots of the kid Part, and the af-Common and Waste Land* within the Manor-and Pa-- certsdning of their Prices and Rates (which at present rish of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the County of Wor- there is ho -Power in the Corporation, or any other tester, was read a Second Time. Person, to settle.) would' greatly promote Trade and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygtn, ' Navigation, and be of Public Utility.

Mr. Southwell, &c.: And- they are to meet this Mr. Joseph Wharf, being again examined, laid. That Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s- Ships and Vessels whilst lying in fiud Haven Mid

Chamber. Harbour, -are frequently endangered, and much Mu-

chief is often likely to happen by Fire on board such Lord Robert Bertie repotted from the Committee,: to Ships and Vessels by heating Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Oil, whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the and other combustible Matters, on board such Ships Borough of Boston, in the County- of Lincoln, arid and Vessels, by reason of the Ships and Vessels lying aHo of several of the Merchants,' Owners, and Matters dose together, and the Neighbouring ‘Ginneries and of Ships and Vessels, redding within, and trading and Hotrfes being near the Water Side.

navigating to, and from, the said Borough and Port,- Mr. Edward Wilford, being examined, laid, was referred; That the Committee hrid -examined the'- That he was employed by the Corporation of Boston Matter of the kid Petition; and had directed Mm to to fake Caire of their Buoys and’ Beacons; that if report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Mooring Potts were put down, and Bridges erected and he read the Report in his . Place; and afterwards over the said Creeks, the Ships might ride in Safety, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was by being fattened to the 'feid Potts, read; and is as followeth; viz. And die Witness added, That the Ships and Vef*

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. fcls cannot be conveniently haled sap vualefe Bridges are William Smith, Town Clerk of the said Borough, being erected over the Waters in the said Creeks, and that

examined, feid. That he knows the said Borough Ships are frequently in great Danger for Want of such

that it is a very ancient one; within the Liberties Mooring Potts, and great Inconveniences have arisen whereof there are a Port, Haven and Harbour of the for Want of such Bridges for the Convenience of Persons Sea for importing and exporting of Merchandize; haling af such Ships.

that the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough Mr. Joseph Wharf, being again examined, confirmed

have, as well by Prescription as by Royal Charter, the above Evidence.

been a Corporation for Two hundred Years, and up- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, wards, and that by virtue of certain Letters Patent for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilot* granted. to them by Queen Elizabeth, which bear conducting Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Date on orabout-the 10th Day of February, in the 15th Port df Boston, in the county of ; and for

Year of her Reign. affixing and setting down Mooring Potts, within ot

And the said Letters Patent were produced to your adjoining to the Haven and FI arbour of the fiud Port*

Committee. and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the-

And the Witness further said, That the Mayor and Creeks within or adjoining to the said Haven and Burgesses, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, have, and Harbour; and for preventing IMifchiefe. by Fire in the do now use and exercise Admiralty Jurisdiction within the said Haven and Harbour: And that Lord. Robert

feid Borough and Port of the lame; and also the Roads,' Bertie, Lord Brownlow , Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vynet,

and act and singular the Deeps commonly called Thi and'- Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the

Norman Deeps, sthd also all and all Manner of Places, feme. - ~

Parts, Watercourses, and the Streams of the Walhes '

near and in the Parts of Holland, extending to the Sr Grey Cooper presented. to the Hovxfe, punuant td

Haven or Place called Wainfleet Haven, and to a cer- their Orders,

tain Place called Pullye Heads, and to another. Place N° 1. An Account of the Grofi Recevpt, Payments, Account or Sand called The Knock, and to anothec Place-called Imd Net*Produce, of all the; TOuties laiti -by A&oCPar- P^femed; The Dog’s head in the Pot, and to the uttermost Limits Katrierif,' and payable in DTorth from the 8th(

of the Flowing and Ebbing of the Waters aftrefeid. Day of T7#7 Feriod crff the Enabrah-

and every of them, and adjoining to 'the Sea and ment of the Board df Customs in Anter'ica) to the 5th Floods and Streams of the Borders and Confines of Day of January 1768, fax" as the Accounts re"

the County of Norfolk.; . ceived: Arid also,: - .....* — " vt*

Vol. 35.

T2 c* Februarii . 1776*

N° 2. Ah Acoouht of the Grois Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of all the Duties laid by Act of Parliament, and payable in North , from the

5th Day of January 1768 to the 5th of Day of January 1769, so far as the Accounts are received: And alfc>

N° 3. An Account of the Grois Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce of all the Duties hud by Act of Parliament, and payable in North , from the

5th Day of Jamtary 1769 to the 5th Day of January 17 70, so far as the Accounts are received: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Grok Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of all the Duties laid by Act of Parliament, and payable in North America, from the 5th Day of January 1770 to the 5th Day of January 1771, so far as the Accounts are received: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Grois Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of all the Duties laid by Act of Parliament, and payable in North America, from the jjth Day of January 1771 to the 5th Day of January 1772, so far as the Accounts have been received: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Grois Receipt, Payments* and Net Produce, of all the Duties laid by Act of Parliament, and payable in North America, from the 5th Day of January 177a to the 5th Day of January 1773, so for as the Accounts are received: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Grois Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce, of all the Duties laid by Act of , Parliament, and payable in North America, from the 5th Day of January 1773 to the 5th Day of January 774, so for as the Accounts are received: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Application of the Monies anting from the Duties collected and received in America, by Act of Parliament, from the 7th Day of September 1767, when the American Revenue was

placed under the Management: of the Board at Bojion, as for as the Accounts have been received: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Grots and Net Produce of all Duties, laid'by Act of Parliament, on Goods imported into Nova Scotia, from the 7 th Day of

September 1767, when the American Revenue was

placed under the Management of the Board at to the 5th Day of January 1773, so for as the some have been received: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Expence of the- Revenue Establishment in Nova Scotia, from the 8 th Day of September 1767, when the American Revenue was

placed under the Management of the Board.at to the 5th Day of January 1773, lb for as the Accounts thereof have been received.

And the Titles of the said Accounts nyere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are pfeferved amongst the other Papers erf" this Session.

Strwidwater A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there-Navigation. unto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Mefr fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, near or adjoining to the River between

ioad and Wallbridge, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for ynaking navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County ° of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near * Framiload, to IVallbridge, near the Town of in the some County," and for giving other Powers for the Purpose of making a Navigation from -, load to Wallbridge aforeuud; and ^representing to the

House, that the Object of the said Act, and of the present Bill, are totally different, the former being to make the said River navigable, and the latter to make a Navigation by collateral Cuts or Canals, to be flip-plied with Water from the said River, but to communicate with the same only in Three Places, and that but for a very short Space} by the making of which Cuts near One Hundred and Twenty Acres of very valuable Land will be destroyed, great Part of which is worth from Thirty Shillings to Three Pounds per Acre by the Year; and that the Soil of the bell of the above-mentioned Lands, after the first Bed of Earth is cut through, being a strong Gravel, great Quantities of other Lands adjacent to the said Navigation will be materially injured by a confront Leakage from the said Canal, where the same is carried above the Level of such Lands; and Setting forth.

That there is great Reason to believe, that the Money to arise from the Carriage of Goods upon the said Navigation will be insufficient to answer the Expence of making and maintaining the some, *and therefore the Petitioners are apprehensive that the Undertaking may probably be abandoned, after great Damage done to the Lands, through which the said Navigation is intended to be carried, and the Proprietors of such Lands left without Remedy for recovering Satis&ftion for such Damage; and, that supposing the said Navigation should ever be completed, the Petitioners apprehend that the Price of Carriage would be very little reduced thereby, and that the Damage done to the Public, and to private Property, by making the lame, wiH be greater than any Advantage that can be reasonably pefted to arise from such Undertaking: And therefore praying the House, that they may be heard, by their Counsel* against the said Bill, and that the some may not pals into a Law*

A Petition of the Mayer, AldermOriy arid Cdmfnon Ditt* Council, of the City of Giotto ester, ill Common Coun- cil assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Part Owners and Proprietors of One Stack of the oldest and most considerable Corn and Cloth Milk upon the River Stroudwater, at Ebley, Two Miles below Wallbridge, and of a Farm and Lands thereto belonging, situate upon and near to the Banks of the said River, great.

Part of the bell of which Lands, as well as the Lands of many other Proprietors, will be cut afonder, and thereby, and by the Leakage from the Banks of the said Canal, rendered of much left Value; and, if tlier laid Bill should pals into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be very for from being beneficial to the Public in general, as not only the Mills of the Petitioners, but also other valuable Mills, will in a great Measure be prevented from working, by diverting at great Part of the Stroudzvater Stream, by which only they are supplied, and now frequently find a Deficiency of Water; and that the only Custom House upon the River Severn is at Gloucester, several Miles above the Mouth of the intended Canal, which is within One Tide’s Reach of the Sea, uncontrouled by any Custom House below it, and the opening a Communication with the River Severn, from the Mouth of the fold intended Canal, will be an Inlet to many illicit Practices, and open a Source for many Frauds and Abuses. in His Majesty’s Revenue, necessarily increase the Number of Revenue Offices, and in its Consequences be prejudicial to the soir Trader, by its particular and convenient Situation for Smuggling: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by Counicl, against the fold Bill, and that the some may not pals into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the foid

Bill,

1

t

liLt,.

16 Geo. III. 5"

Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be hea-d, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against ihe find Petitions.

Stroudwater A Petition of the principal Inhabitants in arid about

Navigation. the Market Town of in the County of GIou-

cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. Application is to be made to the House, for a Bill to make and maintain a Navigation from the River at or

nzaxFramiload, to IVallbrnear the Town of in the County of Gloucefte; and that the Petitioners apprehend such Navigation would be very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Country, and likewise be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That such Bill may pals into a Law.

?»& A Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about

the Market Town of , in the County of

cester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the "Votes, That a Bill is brought in, to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making navigable the River " Stroudwater, in the County of from the

u River Severn, at or near Framiload, to u near the Town of Strouin the same County; " and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload, to aforesaid;

and that the Petitioners apprehend, such Navigation will be very beneficial to the Trade and Manufacture of the said Town and Neighbourhood, and will be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said ( Bill thay pals into a Law, under such Terms and Conditions as to the House shall seem meet.

JPIttaj A Petition of the Steward, Bailiff, and Inhabitants,

of the Borough of Girencefier, in the County of -cester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed. Application is to be made to the House, for a Bill to make and maintain a Navigation from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Petitioners apprehend, such Navigation would be Very beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the adjacent Country, and likewise be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That such Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " navigable the River Stroudwater, in the " County of Gloucester, from the River Severn,

" at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near " the Town of Stroud, in the same County;" and for giving other Powers for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wallbridge aforesaid, be read a Second Time.

Stourbridge A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur-Caoal. gestes, Chamberlain, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of in the County of

Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill, for making a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the and

Worceftetftiire Canal Navigation, at or near a Place Called Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also for making Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of . Vol. 35.

such Canal a fid Collateral Ctlarge Quantities of Coals may be font from the Coal Mines lying rjear to such intended Canal and Cuts, down the Staffordshire and Worcesterftiire Canal, and the River Severny and lo up the River Avon to the said Borough; and thereby the said Borough and the adjacent Parts will be supplied with so useful and necessary an Article af a lower Rate than at present, ami in Return Alalt (of which great Quantities are made in the said Borough, and all Sorts of Grain, which are raised in great Abundance in the adjacent Country) will be forwarded into a veiy populous Country lying near the said intended Canal and Cuts, and from which great public Advantages will be derived: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet:

A Petition of the Steward, Bailiff; arid Inhabitants, Ditto; of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of Leave given to bring in a Bill, as mentioned in the lift preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners ipprehend, by Means of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, great Quantities of Coal will be fbnVarded from the Coal Mines lying near thereto down the River Severn, whereby the said Boroligh and the adjacent Country may be supplied with fb necessary arid valuable a Commodity upon better Terms than at present, which, the Petitioners conceive, wilft he of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, and in particular to the Poor, and be otherwise of public Utility: And therefore praying;

That such Bill may pals into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Hi upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County Of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and cefterftiire Canal, at or . near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two collateral Cuts, One front a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chac e, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wor-deftey Brook with the ltiver Stour, and the other from a Place called B/ack Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of King's in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Sir Gregory Page Turner, Baronet, g. . , Samuel Terrent, Clerk, Christop/ier Z)’0)7ev, Esquire, Thomas Iodofur

King, Richard King, William Cro and John Kerby, in Behalf of themselves and others, the Proprietors of Lands, Tythes, and other Properties, in the Open and Common Fields, within the Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties, of Blackthorn, in the Parish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That the l^ands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the Open and Common Fields of Blackt/iom aforesaid, lie greatly inter-

mixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement-, and that if the said Open and Common Fie\«ds, and the Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands,

.within the said Township, Hainlet, Precincts, or Liberties, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor and ' Y*erson interested, according to his Property and Intexeft therein, it would greatly improve their several Estates' And the core praying, That Leave may he giver*, to bring m a Km, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadow?, an

jp Commonable

5*4 tf Februarii."H

Commonable Lands, within tke-Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties of Blackthorn aforesaid, under such hules and Regulations a to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Woman and Lord Charles Spencer do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Chester A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Matters of Port. Vessels, and others, residing within the Port and City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Set-

ting forth. That a considerable Trade is carried on from the said Port to Foreign Parts, and Coaflways, and also several Vessels, as well as His Majesty’s Yacht, are constantly employed in conveying the Nobility, Gentry, and others, passing between this Kingdom and Ireland; and that many Misfortunes have lately hap- pened to Vessels navigating into and out of this Port, by which a great Number of laves, and considerable Property, have been loft; and that the Petitioners are ' of Opinion, that if One or more Light Houses were created upon proper Places within the said Port, Land Marks fixed, and Buoys placed, upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the same Port, the Pilots put under proper Regulations, the Rates for Pilotage, and for tracking or towing Vessels to and from the said City of Chester, ascertained, it would be the Means of preventing such Misfortures from happening in future, and otherwise be of Utility to the Trade of the said Port: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Light Houses on the Point of Air, and other Places within the said Port, fixing Land Marks, and placing Buoys, on the Banks and Shoals leading into and in ihe. fame, and for putting the Pilots under proper Regulations, and fixing the Rates for Pilotage, and for tracking or towing Vessels to and from the said City of Chester, for the Preservation of Trade and Shipping, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Grofuenor, Mr. Bootle, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

>ev#m Bridge \ Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Benthall. Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, refing in ,br near Colebrooke Dale, MadeleyWood, Benthall, and Brofeley, in the County of Salop, whole Names are thereUnto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a very considerable Traffic is carried on at Colebrooke Dale, Madeley Wood, Benthall, Brofeley, and Places adjacent, in Iron, Lime, Potter’s Clay, and Coals; and that the Persons carrying on the same are frequently put to great Inconveniences, Delays, and Obstructions, by reason of the insufficiency of the present Ferry over the River Severn, from Benthall to Madeley Wood, particularly in the Winter Season, in which Time it is frequently dangerous, and sometimes impafiable; and that the Petitioners conceive the Trade would be much improved, as also the Communication ' between the several Places before mentioned rendered safe and commodious, if a Bridge was erected across the said River, from Benthall to Madeley Wood aforesaid, and would likewise be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from Benthall to Madeley Wood aforesaid, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same, subject to such Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, IDs it shall appear to them, to the House: .

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwyn,. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Motning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;/and , >».

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Rev; corcis.

A Petition of federal of the principal Inhabitants of Weymovfll the Borough and Town of Weymouth and- Melcombe Swew» Regis, in the County of Dor let, was presented to the House, and- read; Setting forth. That the Streets;

Lanes, and other public Pafliges and Places, within

the said Borough and Town, are not properly paved;

cleansed, lighted, or watched; and, by reason ot feve-i

ral Bulks, Porches, and other Projections, the-Paflagi

of the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, is rendered j£:v *

incommodious and imfafe; and that federal of the find

Streets are directed to be repaired by an Act, pnfletf hi

the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for repairing and: widening several; 1 toads leading tt»

and through the Towns of Weynmth and Melcotobi

Regis, and Dor chester, in the \ County of Dorfe$\ and

that it would be of great Benefit to all Persons referring

to the said Borough and Town, if the feverat Streets

and other Places therein were put uhefer the l’ote Gare

And Management of CommiflBoners, to be appointed fot

those Purposes, with proper Powers, for paving, deftnf-

ing, lighting, and watching the fame, and for removing

all Incroaehments, Obstructions, and Annoyances;

within the same; and if the said Commissioners were

impowered to collect a finall Toll on Sundays, on the

several Roads leading into the said Borough and Town,

to be applied in Aid of fiuch Rates or Sums of Moriej

as shall be necessary to be raised for the several Purposes - 3

aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting,

and watching the said several Streets, Lanes, and othelr

public Passages and Places, and for removing all in*

croachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein,

under such Regulations as the House shall think: fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: *

And it is referred to Mr. Puriixg, Mr. Ellis’,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Of the Clock, in the Speaker’s CUhmber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and lie-cords,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- Elffton

holders, residing in the County of Northumberland, _&c*

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road from the Town of E/J'Jon, by Overacres and Elyjhazv, up the North Side of the River Rby in the said County of Northumberland, and leading to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid-Border betwixt England and Scotland, are in a ruinous Condition, impassable for ’ ' '

Carriages, incommodious, and in feme Places narrow; and cannot be effectually amended, altered, widened, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas , Sir John

Eden. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber

*nd-

i6 GECf.Hl. ff Febfuarik

and have Fofwer to, tend for Persons, i*aj>ers, and Re* Afternoon, at Five of ,&e Clock,-

C®T(Js* riliamlvf:

iiddingtory

inclo(ufC.

Qh^mbpn

The House was ihoVed, tha.t ail Act, made ia;i;foi last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act toyot}tinue for a further Time an Act, made in the Eightijr. " Y^ar of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An " A<5\; to continue. apd amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of IT is present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of failed Beef, Pork,

Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time;

" and for allowing the Importation of felted Beef,

" Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions " in America, for a limited Time; and for extending " the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes and ail; " Kinds of Pu\le," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Momipg nest, resolve itfetf into, a Committee of the

Llardct’s

Ntt.

A Petition, of bhGrace the most Noble George Duke

of Marlborough, lx>rd of the Manor of Liddington, in

of tyflis, and the bumble Petition of the

Reverend William Rich Sfo(kv Vicar of Liddington aforesaid, Thomas Herring, John Brown, John Seymour and the several other Persons whole Names are thereunder vtfitten. Proprietors of Common Field Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Liddington, and Hamlet of Medbown, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the aforesaid Parish and Hamjet, fevprctl Open Common Fields and Commonable Lands, which lie greatly intermixed, and are of small Advantage to the Proprietors, and in theii present Situation incapable of Improvement; apd that, i£ thp: same were divided apd. incited, arid specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, it would be whole House, to consider of the said Act. aiconsiderable lroproyenaqat to their respective ElUtes: .:

therefore praying. That Leave may be given, to Mr. prefimted to the House, according to

bring in a Bill for. inefofing apd dividing the said Order, a Bill to incapacitate certain Persons therein Common Fields, apd Commonable Lands, in such mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to Mapoer, and under such Regulations, as to the House leave in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and shall feetn. meet. Corruption, in the Election d* Mombets to feme in

Ordered, That Leave be given to bfing in a Bill, pur- Barhameat for the Borough of Hrndtm, in the County’ luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the; of And the feme was recqkvecl; and Tcad the

Inrd Ilf aim* and Lord Charles Spencer do prepafev. and First Time.

Resolved, That the Boll be read a Second Time; Ordered, That the said Bill be read, a Second Time* upon this Day Fortnight, the 19*li Day of this Instant ‘ February,

couniyoi miaaiejex,v^iers, was preienrea i© ine novae, -That the said Bill be printed*

afct K«1 i.-Pmi4, that iWmay he riven to bring. T£at 1 5^ C?, W °L " B11U T

in a BUI for his iWmfearion. of the Order for reading it a Second lime upon rtm

Salted Beef, &c*

Hindoo

Ele&ioiu

Bring in,: the feme.,

A Petition of John Liardet, of Great Suffolk Street, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Clerk, was presented to the House,

Duchy of Cornwall.

Stirling

Election.

Ordered, That Lfcavc be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Adam and Mr. Cojhto Gordon do prepare, and bring in the feme.;

Sir Edward, Bayntum presented to the House, accord* Log to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to make Ideates, Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Refohed{That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed, that Sir Alexander -mour. Baronet,"who has petitioned this’ House, com

Day Fortnight, the 19 th Day of tVvis Xnstant ,-

be served on all the several Persons married therein.

Ordered, That leaving the said -Copies ^t the last Places of Abode, (within the said Borough) of the Per*- fans named in the said Bill, be deemed good Service.

Ordered, That Francis Mead, Glover, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 19th Day of this ’ Instant February.

Ordered, That Thomas Spencer, Carpenter, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Beckett, Baker, do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Beckett, Son of William , *

Bricklayer, do attend this House, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That John Baldwyn do attend this House, at the feme Time. -

OrThat William Grab!?, C^utler, do attend this plaining of an undue Election and Return for the District House, at the feme Time.

of Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Bumfermline. Ordered, That Thomas „ Son of IVUllam,

Culrofs, and Qiieensferry, de fires to withdraw his feid do attend this House, at the same Time.

Petition; OThat Thomas Richardson do attend this Ordered, That the Order made upon the 10th Day House, at the same Time, of; November last, for taking the said Petition into Con* OThat Thomas Moore , do attend this House, fidemtion upon Tuesday the 13th Day of this lnstant at the same Time.

February, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Sir Alexander Gilmour have

Leave to withdraw his feid Petition.

Hoffman’s

Nat.

Wolff and Hecker’s Nat.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an A made in the SpaWwck last Session of Parliament, For dividing, allotting, and Witfc , . inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, ^vXrc

A Bill for naturalizing John Hoffman, was read aS6- Commonable Lands, and Commons, within the Varifty cond Time. and Liberties of S'vuit h Upthorpe, in the County *

Refohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Town- of Huntingdon%was read the 'FVsird. Tune.

Jhend, Mr. Slrahan,&c.: And they are to meet this Resolved, That the Bill c\o -pats; And that the Title

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s - be. An Act for exchanging certain LatxcAs, u\ the YariVh Chamber. and Liberties of Spaldwick -vuith Upt S* orpe, for other

Lands, in the Parish of Stow, in the County of

A Bill for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff and Huntingdon, in the Manner and for the ^urposes therein John Adam Hecker, was read a Second Time. - mentioned.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Town- Ordered, That the Earl do carry the BiUto*

f i»d,. Mr. Strahan, &$.; And they are to meet this the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Yol, te. Sir

Warcester

Ek&ion.

Salted Beef, &c.

Afncan

Company.

Supply.

510 5* — 6tt — 7* F-ebruarii. 1776a

Sit itdamPerptjpm, from the Select Committee ap- That , this House will, upon

pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ' n caD, of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of an undue whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Election and Return for the City of Worcester, informed for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. the House, that Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, one of

the Members of the said Select Committee, had desired And then the House adjourned till To-morrotf him to acquaint the House, that he had been very Morning, Ten of the Clock,

much indisposed this Day with a Fit of the Gout, and was apprehensive that he should be prevented from attending Tomorrow on the said Committee; and there- - ----- — -1 1 11 * — - -

fore desired, that the House would give him Leave, if

his Health should require it, to absent himself from, ady 77 z

further Attendance on the said Committee. j O ate rebM&rUy

Ordered, That Sir Walden Hanmer, Baronet, have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance Anno 16* Georgii III1* Regis, 1776.

on the said Committee, if his Health shall require it. Prayers.

THE Hour* appointed so taking into Considera- CncWadt . ..... tion the Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, and*

12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- aHo the Petition of the several Persons whose Names tuled, " An Act to continue several Laws, relating to are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the Allowance upon the Exportation of JSri/j/i-rnade others, the Electors of the Borough of , in

’ " Gunpowder; to the giving further Encouragement the County of Wilts, and alfp the Petition of the Sub*

for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British scribere Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the*

" Colonies in Anterica; to the further encouraging the Couilty of Wilts, >in Behalf of themselves and others Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties Electors of the said Borough, complaining of the un- payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a due Election and Return of Samuel Beach, Esquire, for * Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or the said Borough, being come;

44 Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies,. The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker,

" directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and-require:

" Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the the immediate Attendance of the Members on the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; and to the - Bulinefsof the House.

44 regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and And he went accordingly.

" Naval Officers in America,"might be read. And being returned;

And the same being read accordingly; The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 9

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Members only being found to be present; of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, in- the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Considera-tituled, " An Act to continue for a further Time an tion; and immediately adjourned the said Order,.

" Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Ma- without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and of the Clock in the Afternoon.

44 amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign

44 of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Im- And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker,

44 portation of felted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow

44 from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing Morning, Ten of the Clock.

44 the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and 41 Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for

44 a limited Time; and for extending the Provisions " ‘ ' ' ' "" 1"--'

" of the said Acts to Potatoes and all Kinds of Pulse

that they do consider of so much of the said Act of the MerCUfiiy J* Feoruoni j

12th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as re-

lat« 10 the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland. j6. tJjL

The House being informed, that Mr. Camplin, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to AJrica, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, "Anno 1774, The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to AJrica; distinguishing every Article of Expence under its proper Title."

And then he withdrew.

And t he Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted, to His Majesty.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Dewar, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and also the Petition of the Subscribers Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and others Electors of the said Borough, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Samuel Esquire, for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And

Cricklade

Election.

- vi

Sarum

Writ.

L

16 Geo. III.

Februarii.

5r7

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 109 Members being found to be present;

The Agent for the Petitioner Mr. Dewar, and also for the said first-mentioned Petition of the said Eledors, and the Counted and Agents for the said last mentioned Petition of the' said Eledors, and the Counsel and Agents for the Sitting Member, were called in to die Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

Mr. Wallis, the said Agent for the Petitioner Mr. Dewar, and also for the said first-mentioned Petition of the said Eledors, acquainted the House, that he had received a Letter from Mr. s Father, directing

him to proceed no farther on Mr. s Petition.

And being examined, by Mr. Speaker, with respect to his being Agent for the said first-mentioned Petition of the said Eledors, he laid, That he had no Reason not to think himself Agent for the Petitioners in the said first-mentioned Petition, but from his having received this Petition, as welt as Mr. Dewar's, from Mr. Dewar's Father, who had now countermanded the Proceedings, and required the Papers relative to the Cause, to be redelivered to him, but that he still had the Papers in his Hands.

And then the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Two Petitions of the said Eledors into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six. Glafies, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Two Members, then present, were drawn, w.10 were not objected to.

And the Name ot William Adam, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel and Agent , for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Qcorge Esquire, being

drawn, he was nominated to lerve on the laid. Select. Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Courte of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with tjhe Nttmes of those who were absent from the House; Twelve, on account of their then serving on Select Committees; Two, on *tcr t count of their lpeing> Sixty Years of Age, of upwards, which they, had before verified on-Oath; One, ojv account of hi? having already served, in this Session of Parliament, on a Select,

Committee; and.one, on account of his being,

a Member against whose Return a Petition was depending,

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and npt.excused, or let aside, being t complete; Lius of the said Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel and Agents. - ,

And the Door of the House being opened; (

The Counsel and Agents withdrew! ‘

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker dp issue his Warrant, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out jy new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in This present Parlia- , ment for the City'of New Sarum, in the county of i-Wi Its, in the room of the Right honourable Plcydell Bcuverie, commonly called Lord Viscount stone, now Earl of Radnor, casted.yp, £9 the House of.

V . Vi W inVo

V OL. 35.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Easteru Parts of the County of Kent, more effeiftually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the GeneralVallies-, and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, be read a Second-Time upon Friday the 16th' Day of this Instant February.

Sandirich

Drainage.

Decayed Actors fund

A Petition of several Persons belonging to His Ma- Drurv Lane jesty’s Company of Comedians of the Theatre Royal in Theatre Drury Lane, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, in the Year 1766, a Contribution was set on Foot, and encouraged by the Patentees and other Persons of and belonging to the said Theatre, in order to establish a Fund for the Support of such Performers belonging to the said Company, as, through Age, Infirmity, or Accident, should be obliged to retire from the Stage, which Charity is proposed to be extended to the occasional Relief of Performers in same of Sick-ness, and also to the Relief and Support of the Widows and Children of deceased Performers; and that a considerable Sum of Money is now in the Hands of certain Trustees, applicable to the Purposes aforesaid, which the Petitioners have Reaton to hope, will greatly increase; and that the Petitioners are desirous that same Provision should be made for securing the said Fund, and for preventing any Misapplication or Embezzlement . thereof, and are advised that the same cannot be to effectually done as by the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And #

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be relerred to the Consideration of a Committee: And ,that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Grey Cooper, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet -To-morrow Morning, at. Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Earl of Carli/le, was presented to Bu!mer the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, Inctofore. within the Township and Parish of Bulmer, in the North Riding of the County of York, several Open Uninclosed Common Fields and Comrrxpnable Lands, wherein the Property of the Petitioner and others lies intermixed and dispersed, and fume Parts thereof are boggy, and subject to be overflowed, and is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Lands weredivided, inclosed, and drained, it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner and the rest of the Proprietors: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and draining the said Lands, under such Regulations as v to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: , A.nd that, they do ex. mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it {hail appear to them,’ to the House:

'And it is. referred to Mr. St. "John, Mr.

Sec.': And they are to rrveet To — morrow Morn-v

ing, at Nine^of the Clocl-e, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have -Power' to fend for Persons, Pay&p, and Records. . ‘ -; ' " r;

A Petition Of the Master, Wardens, and.Assistant^ Butcher’* of the Art or Mystery of 13catchers! in the ,^ity ot Lon-- Company. dim,' was prefehted to thfc Pfoufe, and read; Seiung forth, ‘‘That his late Majesty' King G-teorge the Second did,3 bjfRis Royal Letters Patent, und er the Great.Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 101Lx Day ot October, .

- - 6 Q m

Goo^Ii

518 70 Februarii. 1770.

in the Twenty-third Year of his Reign, incorporate the Freemen of the Society of the Art or Mystery of Butchers within the City of London, and all Persons who then did, or thereafter should, use or exercise the said Art or Mystery within the said City, and within the Space of Two Miles thereof, by the Name of, " The " Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or " Mystery of Butchers of the City of London," with Power for the said Corporation to overlook, inspect, and govern, all Persons exercising or using the said Art or Mystery, and all Flesh exposed for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, and with full Power and Authority to make Bye Laws for the better and more effectual carrying the Intent of the said Letters Patent into Execution; and that, notwithstanding all Endeavours of the Petitioners to the contrary, unwholesome Flesh Meat is frequently exposed for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, which Practice, the Petitioners apprehend, they are not sufficiently empowered by the said Charter to prevent; and that the Petitioners conceive, the exposing to Sale unwholesome Flefti Meat might be prevented, if they were enabled to allow Salaries to the several Persons they employ as Inspectors of the Markets, and other Places within the Limits aforesaid, where Flefti Meat is ulually fold and exposed for Sale; but Doubts have arisen, whether the Petitioners are empowered, by their Charter, to enforce the Payment of the like Sums of Money from such of the Persons incorporated as aforesaid, who are not Freemen of the Company of Butchers within the said City of London, as are paid by the Freemen of the said Company, towards defraying the Expences of carrying the Intentions of the said Letters Patent into Execution: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for obviating all such Doubts for the future, and forgiving the Petitioners such further and other Powers, to enable them to prevent the exposing for Sale all unwholesome Flefti Meat within the Limits of their Charter, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- amine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr, Alderman Oliver, &c,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stourbridge A Petition of several Proprietors of Salt Works, and Canal. of the Chief Magistrates and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been brought into the House, for making a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staff or dshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at or near Stow ton, in the County of Stafford; and also for making Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, to communicate with r the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts, large Quantities of Coals will be navigated, from the Coal Mines lying near such Canal and collateral Cuts, down the Staffordshire and Worcesterjhife Caftal, into the River Severn, and up the Droitwich Canal, to the said Borough; and thereby the said Borough, and the Salt Works within the same, as also the adjacent Neighbourhood and certain Lime Works near the said Borough, may be furniQied with Coal at a much cheaper Rate than at present, which may be the Means of extending and promoting the Trade of the said Borough, the Improvement of Land, and a mutual Advantage to the Proprietors of Salt 15 "

Works and of the adjacent Neighbourhood; and the Petitioners also apprehend, the same will *be in other respects of great public Utility: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Stourbridge and'Neighbourhood of Upton upon Severn, in the County Caaal* of Worcester, whose Names- ar^ thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that L^ave is given to bring in a 'Sill, for making a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at or near a Place called Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also for making Two collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that, by Means of such Canal and collateral Cuts, a more ready and cheap Communication will be opened between the said Town of Upton and the said Town and Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandizes, whereby the said Town and Parts adjacent may be supplied with Coals at a more reasonable Rate than at present; from which great Advantages will be derived to the said Town of Upton and its Inhabitants; and that the said Canal and Cuts will, as the Petitioners conceive, be otherwise of public Utility: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet. *

And the said Petitions were severalljr ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of King-fwinford, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Ridley, Esquire, Lord of the C^cc![^c Manor of Coney Wtston, in Coney Weston, in the County of Suffolk, and of several Owners of Lands and Estates in the said Parish of Coney Weston, and entitled to certain Rights of Common within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, Heath, Brooms,

Breaches, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, containing, by Efti-mation, 1,500 Acres or thereabouts; and that there are. certain Rights of Common, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, and other Rights and Inlerefts, in and over the said Common Fields, Half-year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms,

Breaches, Fens, Commons, and Waste Lands; and that the said Lands and Grounds, in the said Common Fields and Half-year Inclosures, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in small Pieces, and are inconveniently situated for the Owners and Proprietors thereof; and that, if the said Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds allotted, inclosed, and exchanged, and specific Allotments made to the several Owners and Proprietors according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein, it would be advantageous to the several other Proprietors and Persons aforesaid: And therefore *

praying,

16 Geo. III.

Februarii.

Sl9

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and exchanging, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Staunton and Mr. Tufnell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

St. George A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers (Middlesex) the poor> principal Inhabitants, of the Parish Saint George, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and are maintained at a very great Expence; and the giving pro* per Powers, for better governing, regulating, employing, and maintaining the said Poor, would be a Means of their being more effectually relieved and provided for, and be a great Ease and Convenience to the Peti-titioners and the rest of the inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Streets and other Public Passages and, Places, within the said Parish, are not sufficiently clean fed, lighted, or watched, and it would-tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Benefit, of the Inhabitants thereof, and all other Persons relorting thereto, if the same were properly cleansed and lighted, and a proper and sufficient Watch kept therein in the Night Time; and that the Highways of the said Parish are of very fniall Extent: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition be referred t£ the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Owners and Proprietors Iodoiure. Qf Lands, Commons, Tythes, and Estates, in the Open and Common Fields at , in the County of

Leicester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are foiled or possessed of several Lands and Estates in the said Open and Common Fields, which lie inconveniently intermixed and dispersed over the whole Fields in final 1 Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Open and Common Fields are very fit and proper to be divided and inclosed, and would thereby be of much greater Profit and Advantage to the several Proprietors interested: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

Sven to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the id Open and Common Fields of afore-

laid, under fetch Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Pntyer of the said Petition: And that Sir CecilWray and Mt. Darker do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

JLudlow, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in ''a"*' Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-

fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in die County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Mdnks Bridge, in the said County, and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead at Orlton, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees Vot. 3 S’

appointed by the said Act have completed the said Roads, but, in order to enable them b to do, have borrowed at Interest several Sumsof Money, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £. 2,400, or thereabouts, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which Monies have been duly applied, yet the said Roads cannot be maintained in sufficient Repair, and the Money lb borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further enlarged, which Term, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his laid late VTayefty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was continued for a further Term of Five Years, which Term will expire at the End of the Session of" Parliament 1777: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the further continuing the kid Term, and enlarging the Powers granted and continued by the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner . as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;. and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnes, Mr. Foley, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral 00 Church of drift and The Blessed friary the Virgin of Wor- ‘

cester, whose Common Seal is thereunto annexed, and of the several other Persons whole Names are subscribed.

Owners of Uninclosed and Commonable Land, in the Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Cropthom and County of Wor cester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Thai there are Two Manors in the said Hamlet, called The Church frlanor and The Freehold Manor; and that the Petitioners, the Dean and Chap- . ter, are Lords of the Church hdanor, and Owners of all Land comprized therein, subject to a Lease thereof for Lives, and to certain Copyhold Grants of Part of the same Land, and that the rest of the Petitionees, together with other Persons, are Proprietors of all the Land comprized in the Freehold Manor, of which the Petitioners William Lilly, Richard Sockett, and others; are Lords; and that the great eft Part of the Land in the said Two Manors is Commonable and Unindofed, and lies intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels throughout the said Hamlet; and that Grants by Copy of Court Roll, as well of I and, Parcel of the Church Manor, as of Land Parcel of the Freehold Manor, have heretofore been frequently made to the same Persons, and they and their Tenants have long enjoyed the same thus united in Possessfion, without having preserved any Marks or other Evidence of Dtftin&on between the Land of the said several Manors, so that it is now become very difficult, and may, as the Petiuoners conceive, in Process of Tima be impossible, to dvftinguifty specifically Ibme of the Landed Property of the Petitioners, the Dean and Chapter, from the Landed Property of the other Petitioners fituale in the said Hamlet; and that all the said Commonable Uninclosed Land is, in its present State, in-

capable of any considerable 1 mprovement, hut would be much increased in "Value by at Division and inclosure: And therefore praying, IThat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Landed Property of the Petitioners and others situate in the said Hamlet, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all __ other CZ^ommonable Land therein, under such Regulations as tlxe House shall think, proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a But,

pursuant

520 7 ° Februarii.A. 1776.

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do- prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hampton A Petition of Thomas Rained, Esquire, Lord of the lndofure. Manor of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester, and one of the Proprietors of Uninclosed and' Commonable Land, lying in the said Manor, and within the Parish of Great and Little aforesaid, and

of the several other Persons whose Nanies-are subscribed, being other Proprietors of the said Land, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Manor and Parish contain several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State,

' are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. L\gon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

S«lby, Sec. A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Koadi. the Care of the Roads from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from Tadcaster in the said Riding, to Halton Dyal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending lc^much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his said Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from Selby to Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, as related to the said Road from Selby to Leeds, and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster, in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor, and through Seacroft to a Place called Halton Dyal, where it comes into the aforesaid Road, from Selby.send Leeds; and that, for the Purpose of amending the aforesaid Roads, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, which still remain due, together with an Arrear of Interest, and also a considerable Sum for Work and Materials; and that the said Roads*cannot be completed and kept in fuffioient Repair, and the Debts co At rafted on 'account thereof be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty be continued, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in'a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Sir Cecil

fVray, &c. :< And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-' ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to: fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

> > . JSaftide'* A Petition of Lewis JFiale was presented

at* to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be -given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization. "

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; according tb the Prayer, of the said Petition: And that Mr. JVyldbore and Mr. Whitworth do prepare^ and bring in, the fatne.

1 , t t r' '' ' ' /

Doneafter g;r Qe{-j Wray. reposed from the Committee, to whotn Bawtry the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there-Road. unto subscribed, was referred; That the Gominittee

had- examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Broadrick informed your Committee, That the Road described in the Petition, being about Quarter of a Mile in Length, and Part of the great Northern Road, is not directed to be repaired by any particular Act of Parliament; and that if the same was included in the Bill depending for repairing the Hoad from caster to Bawtry, it would be a great Convenience to Travellers.

The Witness further said, That there are Two Roads branching out of the Road intended to be repaired by the said Bill, and that Gates will be necessary to be erected at the Ends of those Roads, to prevent the Tolls being evaded; that the Turnpike proposed to be erected on the Road between Doncaster and Bawtry wiil be placed between the Ends of those Roads; and that if Power was given to change the Course of those Roads, by bringing the same near the Place where the Turnpike is proposed to be set up. One Person would be sufficient to collect the Tolls at the Turnpike and Gates aforesaid, which would be a great Saving to the Trust.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Doncaster to , in the

Counties of York and Nottingham, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Bawtry, to join the Turnpike-Road leading from to Bedford, and for the better and more easy collecting the Tolls authorized to be taken at certain Side Gates -near Rojfington Bridge.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Sutton thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Derwent read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Town- nc " urc ship of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of York, several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, containing 708 Acres or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Shares,; Rights, and Interests, the same might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bills pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Cecil Wray,. Sir George. Savile, and Mr. Lafcelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Adam presented to the House, according to Liardet’ Order, a Bill for naturalizing John And the ^at*

fame was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Salted

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' Beet, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,-intituled, "An Act to continue for a further ‘ Time aft Act, made in the Eighth Year-of His pre-t* lent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue (‘^and amend an Act, made in the Fifth-Year of the fc*' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for t* Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and But- test-from Ireland, for* a limited Time; and for al-. - lowing

16 Geo. III. 70 — 8' Februarii. 521

" lowing the Importation of felted Beef, Pork, Bacon, " and Butter, from the British Dominions in America* " for a limited Time; and for extending the Provisions " of the said Acts to Potatoes and all Kinds of Pulle," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Midleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee* That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Cricklade The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being Election, again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel and Agent in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned Lift the Names of William Adam and George,

Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Charles Goring, Esquire, William , Esquire,

Sir George Robinson, Baronet, William Lygon, Esquire, Sir Thomas Clavering, Baronet, Walter , Esquire,

Daniel Lascelles, Esquire, Lord , John

Esquire, Edward Roe , Esquire, Sir Philip , Baronet, Sir Michael Le , Baronet, William

Chat or, Esquire, William , Esquire, George stone, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and also of the said Petition of the Subscribers, Electors of the Borough of Cricin the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and others. Electors of the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Se'tedt Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted EJedions.

The other Orders of the Day being read j Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday - Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn1 Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *"d Me*n,» House, to consider further of Ways and Means for* raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 8° die Februarii;

1 __

Anno 16* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Clerk of the White, who was ordered to attend at the Table ouc* during the Absence of the Clerk. Assistant, is ill of the Gout.

Ordered, That Mr. Rojier do attend and assist at the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Wilford, from Account: the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called Surplufes in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant sinkineFund to their Order.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January'for the Disposition of Parliament, of t he Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said -Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j vix.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1776-, for - the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1^76, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after satisfying all the Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum 01 Seventeen thousand Eight hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Fence Halfpenny.

Exchequer, the 8th Day Ed‘W*

of February 1776.

Vol. 35.

6 R «rW-

Brecknock

Streets,

Soar River Navigation.

22 8° Februarii. 1776.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the pidlty into the Hermitage Brook, by Reason whereof.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the Banks or Sides of any new Works to be made or

thrown up, in order to render the same navigable, as A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and the said Act directs, would be wholly beaten down Town of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock, was and deftrcyed; and that, by several Surveys lately presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That taken, it appears, that a Cut, or Canal, from the the said Town and Borough is ill supplied, and in Place where the said River Soar communicates with a great Want of Water, and often in Danger from Fire certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, called Bishop's for Want of a sufficient Supply thereof; and that the Meadow, in the Liberty of Garenton, in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Paf- County of and through the same Piece of

sages, within the said Borough and ^Town of Breck- Meadow Ground, and from thence through Part of j nock, and the Liberties thereof, are very ill paved and the Liberties of Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre, in the cleansed, and in a ruinous. Condition, and incommo- said County, to the Town of Loughborough, might be dious to Passengers, by Nuisances, Annoyances, and Ob- conveniently and effectually made, for the Navigation structions; and many Disorders and Irregularities are of Barges, Boats, Lighters, and other Vessels with frequently committed in the Night-time, in the said heavy Burthens; and that, in order to carry on and Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and public Passages, complete the Undertaking, the Sum of 7,000 hath for Want of the same being properly lighted; and that been already subscribed, and which, it is estimated, the Passages and public Streets within the said Borough will complete the same; and that fpme Alterations, Ex-and Town are greatly obstructed by Sheds, Pent planations, and Amendments, are necessary to be made Houses, Stalls, Bulks, Walls, Pallisadoes, and Rails, to the said Act, and some further and other Powers built against the Fronts of Houses, and projedling into and Provisions are wanting for carrying on and com-the said Streets; and that the bringing of Water into pleting, securing, and preserving, the said Navigations the said Town, better paving, cleansing, widening. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to and lighting, the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and bring in a Bill, to repeal so much of the said Act as other public Passages, and the preventing Nuisances, relates to the making the said River Soar navigable Annoyances, Obstructions, and incroachments therein, from Bishop's Meadow aforesaid to the said Hermitage for the future, and the taking down the said Sheds, Pool, and to enable the Petitioners to make a Cut, or Pent Houses, Stalls, Bulks,. Walls, Pallisadoes, and Canal, from the said River Soar, where the same joins other Obstructions, and the laying the Scite or Ground or communicates with the said Piece or Parcel of whereon they Rand, or of such Part thereof as shall be Ground, called Bishop's , through the fame,

necessary, into the Highway and public Streets, will and from thence through Part of the Liberties of be of great Benefit, Safety, and Advantage, to the Knight Thorpe and Thorpe Acre aforesaid, up to The Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, and Li- Rujhes in Loughborough aforesaid; that the Tolls, berties thereof, and of public Convenience: And Rates, and Duties, arising from the iaid Navigation, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring may be vested in the several Persons who subscribe in a Bid, for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, Sums of Money, in order to carry on and complete and under such Regulations, as to the House shall the fame, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money seem meet. by each of them fb subscribed; and that such other

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- - Alterations, Explanations, and Amendments, may be sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine made to the said Act, as to the House shall leem the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall ap- meet.

pear to them, to the House: OThat the find Petition be referred to the And it is referred to Mr. Mauger, Mr* Morgan, &c.: Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of amine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power shall appear to them, to the House: to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford, Sir George

Robitf &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-A Petition, of Nathaniel Palmer Johnfo*, Joseph ing> at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chanv-Boyer, Thomas King, junior, William Holbrooke, John ber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Alleyne, Richard Sanfome, Thomas Allfopp, Nicholas Records.

Webjler, William DouglaJ's, John Foster, William Capp, and Edward Savage, Twelve of the Commissioners ap- A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Harwood

pointed for carrying into Execution an Act made and unto subscribed, being Parties interested in the Com- Inclosure. passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present mon herein after mentioned, was presented to the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the River House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Vill, Hamlet, or Township, of Harwood, and

Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and for, Parish of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lan- Making navigable Cuts or Canals from the said1 chster,- are certain Commons or Tracts of Waste " River Soar to or near The Rujhes and Hermitage Ground, called Brownhill, containing 70 Acres, or " Pool at Loughborough aforesaid;" and also of the thereabouts, customary Measure, which the Petitioners Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,* Traders^ Manufac- apprehend might be greatly improved, ifr-the fame was turers, and others, of Loughborough aforesaid, and inclosed and divided into specific Allotments amongst Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying,

-on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to That. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those the House, and read; Setting forth. That, upon the Purposes. '

fftft Meeting of the Commissioners for carrying the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Act into Execution, it was found impracticable to puTfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that complete and effectually maintain the Cut, or Canal, the Lord Stanley and Mr. Lifter do prepare, and bring by the said Act drredted to be made, from the Place in, the lame. , .~

where the said River Soar and the Hermitage Brook, in ..... ,v....

the Lordship of Loughborough aforesaid communicate, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, Clithero, to a certain Place within the said Lordship, called Her- and others, residing near, or frequent’y traveling, the mitage Pool, on Account of the frequent Floods which Road from a certain Place called The Market Cross, in the happen in the said River Soar, and which, upon such Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in Blackburn,

Occasions, empties itself with great Violence and Ra- both in the County of Lancaster, was prefected to he

ad House,

by

16 Geo. III. 8a Februariu 513

House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Road is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and mountainous in some Places, and cannot be diverted, as is' greatly necessary, in some Parts, and effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, in other Parts, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under Rich Regulations as the House shall judge necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Stanley, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution On Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads leading from " the East Side of Lincoln Heath, to the City of n borough, and from the East End of Mar ham Lane " to the Town of Walton, in the County of " ton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of

" Coljlerworth, and from High Bridge to

" the Cross Poji, in the Parish of , and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and

" through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of " Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the " County of Lincoln;" whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded to execute the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring; and that, unless the Term and Powers are enlarged, the Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, nor the Money borrowed repaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the.Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Sir John Hynde Cotton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Xillmgholme A Petition of Sir John Nelthorpe, Baronet, Charles inclosure. Anderson Pelham, Esquire, Robert Marshall, William Hejleden, William Jeale, the Younger, John Sherriff, Francis Epworth, the Reverend Epworth,

Clerk, William Jackhill, and William Sherwood, Proprietors of certain 'Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within the Lordships and Parish of South and North KilUngholme, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said LordIhins and Parish, there are several Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Marsh Grounds, Fitties, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, distinguished by several Names, which contain in the Whole Five thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and that Part of the said Lands lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are all in general inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a general Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Uninclosed Vol. 35.

Lincoln

Hath

Roads.

Fields, Lands, and Commons, in the said Lordships and Parish of South and IsfortA Killirtgholme, in such Mahner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Sir Cecil Wray do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ard Barton

lubscribed, being Proprietors of Uninclosed and Com- and

monable Land, in the Hamlets of Barton and -cleeve, in the Parish of BidJQrei and County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Hamlets contain several Open and Common Fields, besides other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be greatly increased in Value if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ih a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Fetition: And that Mr Edward Foley, Mr. Skipwith, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Mathews, the Younger, Gen- Amotherbv tleman, Lord of the Manor of A mot her by, in she Pa- Inclosure. rish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Ridin» of the County of York, and of several orfier Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Lands and Estates within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and others was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Township, several Common Arable Fields, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement j a.ncl that the Property in the said Lands and Grounds are intermixed, and in^ conveniently situated, and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed, and specific Allotments made to them, according to their respective *

Rights, Shares, and Interests, therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subjedb to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave b>e given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said P^itfon: And that Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, and Mr. LaJ'celles, qo

prepare, and bring in, the fame. *

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Inhabitants of the County °t , Longtowa

whose Names are therevmto subscribed, was V , Road.

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That* leading from the present: HL\impike Road at *

in the County of Cumberland, through »

the Scotch Dyke, in the fanje Courity, towards burgh-, and also the Ttoad leading from aforesaid, to the Bridge over Sark Beck, in the ame County, towards Port F* a trick, are ruinous and incom-

modious, and in some E*arts narrow, and cannot be sufficiently widened, altered, amended, and kept ih Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for widening, altering, diverting, and repairing, the said Roads, by such. Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the_ House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Comrtiittee: And that they do examind

the

Goooolo

524

8° Februa

A. 1776.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir James ther, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1

South Level A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe-

(Cambridge) cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year

Drainage. of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving " certain Fen Lands ani Low Grounds, lying in the " South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called The Bedford Level, and in the County " of Cambridge, between the River otherwise

" Grant, West, and the hard Lands of,

" Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East, and " for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called The " ford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within " the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested " Lands " and of fereral other Owners and Occupiers

of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Limits aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have been obliged, from Time to Time, to borrow considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxes charged and to be charged by the said Act, great Part of which Money has been laid out in scouring and deepening the Loads, and in making and repairing the Banks by the Sides thereof, and on the East Side of the River Grant; but that the Tolls granted by the said Act for those Purposes are found inadequate to the Expence; and that the Land Owners in the said District are not able to support the said Works, and to pay the interest of the Monies already borrowed and laid out in the Erection, Making, and Maintenance thereof, without a larger Toll; and that, at the Time of passing the said Act,

" many of the said Lands having been dug out into Hods or Turf Pools, it was thought necessary, in order to encourage the Improvement of such Lands, that, the same should be assessed or charged with only one Half of the lax wherewith the other Lands of the . 'fame Sort should-be charged during the first Seven Years after passing the said Act; and that the said Term of Seven Years is now expired, and it appears to the Petitioners, that scarce any of the said dug Lands have been at all improved, or are capable of such Improvement (at least for many Years) as to enable them to bear an equal Tax with the whole Grounds, or that many of them can be sold for the Amount of such Taxes as are already due thereon; and that the turning of Bottisham and Swaffham Loads into Reach Load, as near as conveniently may be by the Skirts of the Uplands, and so make but one Oytfall into the River Cam, would be the most secure. Way of Drainage, and also a Saving to the Undertaking, by sparing some Miles of Embanking; for which Purpose it may be necessary to take into the /Boundary some other Lands, which may be done without any Prejudice to the Proprietors; and others, which have received no Benefit from the Drainage, may be left out; and as it is apprehended that the Taxes now levied on the whole District may be more equally laid out and assessed by a further Assortment of the Lands into more different Sorts or Degrees of Taxation, and that some of the Commonable Parts of the said Fen Lands by becoming mowable, and other Parts thereof that are now mown by being fed by Cattle, may, it is apprehended, be rendered of more general Utility and Service; and that it is found, by Experience, that the Power? and Authorities in the said Act contained are not sufficient for the Purposes for which they were intended; And therefore

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for granting larger Tolls, and for amending the said Act in such other Respects, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hynde Colton, Sir son Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward John Andrews , Clerk, Cr>lc«yne’f heretofore called Edward John Andrews Cokayne, was Name, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That_

Neighbour Frith, late of North Cray, in the County of Kent,

Esquire, deceased, did, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the 28th Day of last past,

give and devise all his real Estates whatsoever and wherefo" ever (except as therein excepted) unto the Petitioner for his Life, Remainder to George Briflo and James Bedell therein named, to preserve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Petitioner in Tail Male, with Remainder to his the said Testator’s Cousin Henry Pratt, his Heirs and Assigns, subject as therein mentioned; and the said Testator did, by his said Will, give and bequeath unto the said Trustees, their Executors and Administrators, all such Stocks or Government Funds which should stand in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea Company, after the Transfer of several Legacies in Stock, therein before given, and also Two several Sums of Money secured on Bond and Note therein mentioned; in Trust, to sell and dispose of the said several Stocks, and to lay out the Monies arising by Sale thereof, and also the Monies to be received from the said Bond and Note in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, being Freehold or Copyhold of Inheritance, at Fine certain, and to cause such Lands, when purchased, to be settled and assured to the said Trustees and their Heirs, upon the Trusts therein before limited, concerning the said real Estates; and the said Neighbour Frith did thereby expressly declare his Will to be, and did thereby direct that the Petitioner, and all and ever)' other Person and Persons in Remainder, who should, from Time to Time, succeed and come to the Possession of his said real Estates, and of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased and settled as aforesaid, should immediately, after he or they should severally come or succeed to the Possession of the fame, or any Part thereof, take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only; and that if the Petitioner, or any or either of the Persons, who should, from Time to Time, succeed, and come to the Possession of such his said real Estates, and of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, should refuse or neglect to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only, immediately after such Right should have accrued, that then and in every such same his said real Estates, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, and the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, and also the Stocks, Government Funds, and Securities, therein before given to the said George Bristow and James Bedell, in Trust, to be laid out in such Purchase or Purchases, and the Dividends and interest thereof in the mean Time should defeend and be paid, and payable to such other Person or Persons to whom the same should belong, in case the Person or Persons so refusing or making Default as aforesaid,' was or were naturally dead; and that the Petitioner,.in Compliance with the said Condition- in the said Testator’s Will,

bath

Stourbrnl

Canal.

15 Geo. III.

8° Februar

525

hath taken upon himself the Surname and Arms of Frith only, and is desirous that the same may be confirmed to him by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Dill to enable the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the Will of the said Neighbour Frith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lyttelton and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Coal and Iron Mines, and Iron Works, situate in the several Parishes of Made ley, Dawley, BrofeleyBent hall, Barrmv, Little

Wenlock, and Wellington, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a. Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black De upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of winford, in the said County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners have expended large Sums of Money in opening and sinking Pits for the getting and railing Coal and Iron-stone, and in erecting Fire Engines, and driving Levels, for the more effectually carrying on the fame, and also in the Erection of Furnaces and other Works for making Pig-iron with Pit Coal, and in laying Railways many Miles in Length, for the Conveyance of such Coal and Iron to the River Severn, in, through, and from the several Parishes before mentioned; and that, in carrying on such Works, many Thousand Persons are employed, who thereby gain a competent Subsistence for themselvas and their Families; and that, should such a Bill pals into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive the said Coal and Iron Works will be so affected, as to render them incapable of employing their Workmen, and thereby the Petitioners will not only be injured in their Trade, but the several Persons by them employed, both in the said Works and on the said River Severn, will be deprived of the Means ofgetting their Bread, and consequently they and their Families mull become a heavy Burthen on the said several Parishes, and on the County jn general: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into* a Law j and that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of,

in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook, with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish oiKings-vnnfovd, in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be -heard, at Vot. 35.

the same Time, in Favour of the raid Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Traders and other Inhabitants of Ditto, the Parishes of Wellington, Little Wenlock Dawley,

Madeley, Brofeley, Bent hall, and Harrow, in the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of Leave given to bring in a Bill, as mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth. That the Trade of the Market Town of Wellington, and the other aforesaid Places, is, and1 hath long been, principally supported by the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, who, by their different Employments in the several Coal and Iron-stone Mines, Lime and Iron Works, situate in the raid Parishes, and navigating Barges upon the River Severn (aill which Barges are employed in the Carriage of Coal, Iron, and Lime) are enabled to obtain a competent Subsistence for themselves and their Families; and that, should such Bi pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive that a great Number of the said Inhabitants, Traders as well as Labourers and Bargemen, will be rendered destitute of Trade and Employment, whereby the Trade of the said Parishes will be greatly reduced, and the Landed and Commercial Interests in many other Parts of the said County very materially injured: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals inter a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time. *

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, Owners Sandwich and Matters of Vessels, and others. Inhabitants of the mnaB*‘ Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern. Part of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Wallies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive that there are several Fads, not stated in the Petition for the said Bill, which are necessary and material for the Knowledge and Information of the House; and that the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be in many respects injurious, and particularly that the Cut, which the said 6ill is intended to enable the Commissioners of Sewers to make, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, occasion great Detriment to the Trade and Navigation of the said Town and Port; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Laws now in being, relating to Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, are effectual, if properly enforced, to enable the said Commissioners to recover the Scotts authorized by the said Laws to be raised Within the Limits aforesaid:

And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may riot pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill L>e read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners Be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Caid Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Feilde, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Daniel J P'afker' Esquire, and also the

Petition- of the' several Persons whose Names are thereunto subseritoed 9 fcJedtors of Xlembers to serve in

6 S Parliament

Derby

Election.

WolfPsand

Hecker’s

Nat.

Clcwcr

Inclosure.

526 8° Februarii* A. 1776.

Parliament for the Borough of D:rby} in the County of Derby, severally complaining of an undue Election ' and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Gisborne, Esquire, the Sitting Member, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby:

And also. That the said Scleft Committee have determined,

That Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Derby:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Derby.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and amend the Tame, by rating out the Name of John Gisborne, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff and John Adam Keeker, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Copyholders, and Inhabitants, of the Manor and Parish, of Clewer, in the County of Berks, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Freeholders, Copyholders, and Inhabitants, of the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon the Commons and Waste Lands, lying within the said Manor and Parish; and that, in Consequence of several Agreements entered into between the Lord of the said Manor, the Petitioners, and others, several Pieces or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands, amounting in the Whole to 60 Acres, or thereabouts, have been taken in and inclosed, and the said Pieces or Parcels of Land are become the Property, and are now in the Possession, of his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, and have been cultivated and improved at a very great Expence; and reciting Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the First of July 1775, made between the Lord of the said Manor, the Petitioners, and his said Royal Highness, for veiling the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, so taken in and inclosed from the said Commons and Waste Lands, in his said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Assigns; and that the Peti-titioners are advised that the said Agreement cannot be rendered effectual without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring ip a Bill for extinguishing the Right of Soil, and Right of Common upon such Pieces or Parcels of Land so taken in and inclosed as aforesaid, and for veiling the same in his Royal Highness, his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Conditions therein to be mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes and Mr. Dodd do prepare, and bring in, the la me.

A Petition of John Hewett, Esquire, Lord of the Clarebrough Manor of Oswaldbeck Soke, in the County of Nottingham, and of several Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, ladofure. the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common,

Pallures, and Free Commons, in the Townships of Clarebrough and Welharn, in the Parish of Clarebrough, and in the Manor and County aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; getting forth, That the Lands belonging to the Proprietors in the said Open Arable Fields and Meadow Grounds lie intermixed, and dif-perfect in small parcels, and are at present incapable of any c6nsiderable Improvement; and that, if the said Fields and Meadows, and the Open Pallures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, it would tend to the Benefit and Advantage of all Parties concerned; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Thomas Thoroton, Esquire, Lord of Screveton the Manor of Screveton, Patron of the Rectory of the iucl(^u<^ Parish and Parish Church of Screveton, in the County of Nottingham, and Owner of the greatest Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, 'That there is, within the said Parish, an Open Arable Field, containing 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which is the sole Property of the Petitioner, and is subject to the Payment of Tythes, and to certain Rights of Common over the same at particular Times of the Year; and that the Petitioner, and the several other Persons interested in the said Open Field, have entered into Articles of Agreement for dividing and allotting the fame, and for making Exchanges thereof, and of several old inclosed Lands within the said Parish, and for exonerating all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish from the Payment of Tythes, upon certain Conditions in the said Articles mentioned; and that the establishing and carrying the said Articles of Agreement into Execution will be of great Benefit to the Parties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the said Articles of Agreement, and the several Divisions, Allotments, and Exchanges, which have been already made in Pursuance thereof, with such further Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations, as the House, shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and the Marquis of Granby (Jo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Midleton, according to Order, reported Salted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue w for a further Time an Act, made in the Eighth " Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the " Fifth'Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" intituled, An Act for Importation of lilted Bee£ iC Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited <c Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted " Beef, Pork, Bacon, and butter, from the British;

" Dominions in America, for a Limited Time; and for " extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Potatoes*

" and all kinds of Pulse;" and who were instructed to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 12th Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An,

" Act to continue several Laws, relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gun-

22 " powdery

16 Geo. III.

8° Februa.

S21

" powder; to the giving further Encouragement for " the Importation of Naval Stores from the British " Colonies in America; to the further encouraging the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties " payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting

" a Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth* Produce,

" or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty’s Sugar " Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built " in Great Britain, and navigated according tt> Law;

" to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; and " to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in ," as relates

to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, the Kesolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his

Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 8 th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and

" amend an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, " from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing " the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and " Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for " a limited Time," which has been continued, by several Acts, to the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-lix, be further continued, and made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 5th' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to permit the " free Importation of Cattle from Ireland," which was continued, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be further continued, and made perpetual.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " so far as " the same relates to the Importation of lalted Beef, " Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lo amended, That an Act, made in the 8th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend an Act, " made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of " Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, " for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importat ion of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from " the British Dominions in America, for a limited " Time," which has been continued, by several Acts, to the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, be further continued, and made perpetual, so far as the same relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House: And that the Lord Midletou, Mr. Thomas Townjher.d, Mr. Burke,

and the Lord Clare, do prepare, and bring in, ^he lame.

Vol. 35.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bnfhrd & 1 ft Year of the Reign of King jFames the First, inti- Children; tuled, " An Act to prevent the destroying and murdeling off Bastard Children," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act: And that "Sir Charles Mr. Herbert, and Mr. Fox, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

/ /

A Petition of several Persons, Proprietors of Land ciipfton in the Open and Common Fields of Clipston and New- and bald, otherwise Nobald, in the Parish of Clipston, in the NTewbald County of Northampton, Was presented to the House, lacJo^urc' and read; Setting forth* That the Land of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed, and dispersed in final 1 Parcels,- and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any confidefable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and . inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their Interests therein, it.would be a great Benefit to them: A.nd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ibid Open and Common Fields, under such Rules and Regulations as shall seem proper. _ , .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knightley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Coni- StowHrWjje monalty, of the Society of Merchants enturers of the Canal. City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge in the County of Worcester, to join the Slaffordshire and Worcestershire

Canal Navigation at or near a Place called in

the County of Stafford; and also for making Two collateral Cuts, the One from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the Laid pibposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black ,to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that, in the said Towns of Stourbridge and and their Neighbourhood, are large: Manufactories of Nails and other Wares, with which the Merchants of the said City are supplied for their Foreign Trade; also extensive Mines of Coal, particularly useful in sundry Manufactories carried on in the skid City; and othet Mines of a peculiar Kind of Clay, with which Pots fof fluxing of Metals, and Fire-Brick, are made, which are abfcdutely necessary in the Brass and Iron Founderies,

Glals, and other Manufactures of this City, and are from hence forwarded to like Tvf anufaftories in different Parts of the Kingdom; and, that, from the Port of Bristol, raw Materials of various KAnds are likewise sent up to the Places above-mentioned, to supply their Manufactories,.' and a very great Intercourse of Trade is maintained between them; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the proposed Canal and Cuts will not only be greatly beneficial to the Trade of this City, bdt be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That thtf laid Bill' may pass into a Law. _

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of in the County of Worcester, to join the StaffordJItire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near in the County of Stafford, and also Two -collateral Guts,- One from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfiut Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brookx with the River Stour, and the other

from

528 8° — 90 Februarii. A. 1776.

from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Layin the Parish of winjord\in the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

Veneris, 9* die

Anno 16° Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1776.

Stroudwtter The other Order of the Day being read, for the Se-

Navigation. Cond Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, passed in n

the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 1 ravers.

" An Act for making navigable the River Stroud-rT"'HE Hour, appointed for taking into Considera- Southampton " water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River X tion the Petition of many of the Inhabitants of EMioo.

" Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the the Town of Southampton, having a Right to vote at

" Town of Stroud, in the same County;" and for giv- the Election of Burgesses to l'erve in Parliament for the ing other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navi- laid Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, com-gation from Framiload to IFillbridge aforesaid; plaining of the undue Election and Return of John A Motion was made, and the Question being put, , Esquire, for the said Town, being come;

That the said Order be discharged. The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select:

The House divided. Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said

The Yeas went forth. Petition.

Tcfa, forth. Yeas, {{£ } >7-

Tellers for the Noes, } 6*'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the River Stroudwater, between Framiload and Wallbridge, in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, near or adjoining to the River , between Frami-

load and JVallbridge, in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, erf" the City of Gloucester; in Common Council assembled,. against the said Bill; and also, the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about the Market Town of Pamjwic, in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of the Bailiff and Inhabitants of the Borough of ,in the County of

Wilts; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about the Market Town of Bajley-, and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants in and about the Market Town of Durjley, in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of the Steward, Bailiff and Inhabitants, of the Borough of , in the County of Gloucester, in Favour of the said Bill; were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, against the Bill, were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of their laid Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were t«U out. not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The Hoqfe was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Momipg, Ten. of the Clock.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Plates adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 112 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box, (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the ufaal Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir George Yonge,c Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to l'erve on the" laid Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was let aside.

And the Names of Thirty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the feud Names, the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present,' were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the . House; Eleven, on Account of their thenferving

on a Select Committee; One, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which he had before verified on Oath; Three; oa Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on a Select Committee; and One, on account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated John Morton, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

The’House was moved, That the Order, made upon Milium the 31st Day of January last, for the Second Reading Sco:i*aA. -of* the Bill for the better ordering of die Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain, called SiOtland, uj>qh Monday next, might be read.

And

Dfrhy

L.cction.

R ufliton

Spencer

lucloiurt.

schafteftniiy

Jtle&ion.

Derby

thro'

Dutfidd

Hoad*

Lea

Iadofure.

16 Geo. III. 90 Februarii. 519

And the said Order being read accordingly; several other Persons whose NTames are theteuntO' fub*»

Ordered That the said Order be discharged. feribed. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, HoilftS,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying and being within upon Wednffday Sevennight, the 21 ft Day of this luftaat the said Manor or Lord lb ip was pretented to the House,

February. ... and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor Dr L-ordship, several Commons and Waste.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending, accord- Grounds, which, in theft present Situation, are but of1 ing to Order, amended the Return for the borough of little Benefit, and not capable of Improvement; but;

Derby, in the County of Derby. if the same were divided and indofed, and (pecific

Parts and Shares thereof allotted, to the several Pro-Ordered, That Mr. Baldrwyn be added to the Gentle- prietors, according to their respective Interests therein, men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring In, a it ftould 'be of gteit Advantage' to' them, and of Bill, purl'uant to the Prayer oj the Petition of the' public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave’ several Persons whole Names ate thctcunto subscribed, may he given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and being Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Rushton Spencer, inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds

in the Parish of Leek and County of Stafford, and of in such Manner as to the House shall seem several others, Freeholders and Proprietors of Estates meet.

within the said Manor. - Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that The House was moved, That the Order, made'upon Lord George , Mr. Curzon, Loixl Richard

the 25th Day of January last, for the Attendance of Cavendish, and Mr. Shipwith, do prepare, and bring in, Mr. Edward Buck land, Mr. Henry Edwards, Mr. Richatd' the lame.

Buck land, Mr. Archibald Oram, Mr. Michael London,"

Mr. Philip Matthews, Mr. James Ridout, Mr. John:Mr. Gascoyne (frorri the Commissioners for Trade and'

Betlnett, Mr. James Snook, Mr. Matthew MerefieldPlafitations) prdented to the House, by His Majesty’s 10 uou* Mr. John Foot, Mr. John Wilton, arid Mr. John Roberts Command,

Everett, upon Wednesday next, might be read. " N° 1’. Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and

And the said Order being read accordingly: supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty s

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Colony of Nova , for the Year 1776: And

Ordered, That the said several Persons do attend this also,' >

House upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this N° 2. Estimate of the Civil EstablUhment of His

lnstant February. Majesty’s ColDrry of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 177

A till ffer ehtarging the Term and Powers of an Act* to the 24th of June 1776 t And also, __

tnade in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty No. 3. Estimate or the Civil Establishment of His King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re- Majesty’s Colony of East and other incidental

" pairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop, Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June " near the North End of the Town of Derby, through 1775 to the 24th of June 1776 And also,

" the Towns of Dnffield and Chesterfield, in the County N° 4. Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His

" of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental _ " York, and from the said Town of Duffield, to the Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June Moot Hall, in the Towirof Wirkfwvrth, in the said 1775 to the 24th of June 1776; And also,

" County of Derby," was read a Second Time. N° 5. Estimate of the Expence attending Geneml

R.eJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North Americat George Cavendish, Mr. Gilbert, 8cc.: And they are to for the Year 1776: And also,

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the N° 6. Estimate of the Expence of supporting and

Speaker’s Chamber. .....maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government

of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa A Petition of Peter Nightingale, Esquire, and situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and others, Lords of the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes Cape Rouge, for the Year 1776. of Ashover, Crieh, and Soutkwinfield, in the County of Together with a List of title feid Estimates.

Derby, and of the Reverend Lawrence Eourn, John And the laid Lift was read.

Mason, and John Bourn, Clerks, . Immanuel Halton, The Cud Estimates are as followeth; t’«.

' Esquire, Jonathan-Kendall, Anthony Street, and of thf

Vo*-. 35,

estimate

by

53°

90 Februar.

1776.

ESTIMATE of die Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil ~Establishment of His MajestyVColohy

of Nova Stotia, for the Year 1776.

To an additional Salary to the Governof -

To a Salary to the Chief Justice -

To a Salary to the Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerts - -

To an Allowance to the Naval Officer - -

To an Allowance to the Register - - - - .

To an Allowance to the Surveyor of Lands, and for other contingent Expences attending that

Establishment - -

To the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council - - . - - (-

To the Hire of,a House and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent to the Ministers and Schoolmastersin the different Distri&s of the Province -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood For the Use of the Governor’s House and Public Office To the Expences of a Pilot Boat -

To the Salary of the Agent - - - - «. - -

To the Salary of the Treasurer - -

To the Expence of the Orphan House -

To an Allowance to 'Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left destitute under Age and Infirmity -To an Allowance for a Magistratp in the Island of Breton - - - - -

To an Allowance in Aid of the Duties granted by the Legislature of Nova Scotia, for tire;

Maintenance and Support of a Lighthouse near the Entrance of the Hartpour of Halifax To an Allowance upon Account, for Fees to be paid upon Orders for tire Receipt and upon, the Hue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate - ‘ m

£- s. d.

5° 0 — —

5°° — —

182 10 — .

262 10 — ,

182 10 — ...

182 10 — *

321 lS

96 12 —

5Z 6

440 — —

288 *r5 —

0 .) 1 ‘

200 — *

50 — t

3^4 1 5

IOO —

1 IOO — — -

IOO f----

IOO — — '

4,246 10 5

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the d4th of June 1775 to the 24th of June 1776.

To the Salary, of the Governor V ’* *

To the Salary of the Chief Justice "

To the Salary of the Secretary To the Salary of the Clerk of the Assembly To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents -

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal -

To an Allowance for a Minister of the Church of England and Two Schoolmasters

To the Salary of the Agent for the Affairs of the Colony -

To an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands ——

To an Allowance for contingent Expences - - - - '

To an Allowance for Mr. Ottolenghe, Superintendant of the late Filature at Savannah, in Confederation of his long and faithful Services in that Office, which is now discontinued -

d<

‘ A 1,000 coo 100 20 *5°

ICO

J5°

IOO

116

200

5°-----

500----

IOO — —

3,086----

ESTIMATE

16 Geo. III.

February

-S3-I

ESTIMATE -of the Civil Establishment, of His Majesty’s Province of Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 14th of June X775 to the 24th of June 1776.

l

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - »

To ihe Salary of the Chief Justice - *

To the Salary of the Attorney General -

To the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council -To the Salary of the Register * - *

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents *

To the Salary of the Surveyor of Lands - *

To an Allowance for an Assistant *

To the Salary of the Agent

To a Minister at St. Augufiint -f

To a Minister at Sr* Mark's - -

To a Schoolmalter at each of the above Places, £*25. each To the Salary of a Provost Marfoal - - *

lb an Allowance for a Pilot established at S/. Augtjlint To an Allowance}for unforeseen.Expences - .

To an Allowance'for the Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians, and other contingent Expences relative to that Service ? *

s, d.

1,200

500

150

100

xoo

120

30

200

100

100

5°

ipo

5

1,000

1,000 — —

4,95° -

ES TtM ATE of the Civil Establishment of Kis Majesty VProvince

Expences attending the lame, from the 24th of June 1775 to the 24th of June 1776*

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - * - - *

To the Salary of the Chief Justice - - . -

To the Salary of the Attorney-General - - 4 ’ . > *

TJo the Salary of the Secretary and Clerk of the Council .* - -

"To the Salary of a Register - -

To the Surveyor of Lands and an Assistant - '

To the Salary of the Agent - - * - - .*

'To the Salary of a Minister at Pensacola - -

To the Salary of a Minister at Mobile To a Schoolmaster at each of the above Places, £.25. each

To the Salary of the Provost Marshal l-*-~ To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences

To an Allowance for a Purchase of a proper Assortment of Goods for Presents to the Indians To an Allowance to Mr. Romans for his Care and Skill in the Collection of rare and ufefol Productions in Physic and Botany -

To the Salary of the Receiver General of the Quit Rents

£> *. 1,200 — ‘ — 5CO — — 150 — — 150 " — 100 —

t5° — r*

200 -- — *

100 — — 100 — —

50-----

loo — —

1.000 -

1.000 — —

5°. "

100 ---„ — v

' Vot. 35.

estimate

February.

A.i 77<J.

ESTIMATE of the Expense attending General Surveys of His

' ' j

for the Year 1776.

*s Dominions in North America

To an Allowance to a Deputy purveyor of Lands at "during the Tirtte -the Chief Sur*

veyor is employed in making jSurveys in other Parts of the Northern District -To Salaries and Allowances to Two Assistant Surveyors, and a Draughtsman to be employed in -England under the Surveyor General in the Preparation of the Plans for Publication

To-Rent of Apartments for the.Residence of the Purveyor General, and his Assistant Surveyors and Draughtfitian, and for Stationary, Drawing Instruments and Materials, with other incidental Expences - *

-Tor John Peachy and Roger Mall Holland, Two disabled Soldiers left af Amboy to take Care of the Instruments, for their §ubfistence, at 1 s.3 d. per Diem each - *

To Expences and Allowances fijr the Survey of the Southern "District

To an Allowance upon Account of Pees to be paid upon Orders for the "Receipt and upon the tffue of Monies granted upon the Estimate - - " *

To an Allowance for defraying the Expence of making Copies, " for the Use of the Public - Offices, of thy Maps and Plans returned by the Surveyors* and for preparing them for Publication ——

£ x. d.

too — —

571 10

t6y 1 —

45 *

700 17

400 — — too — —

1,885 4. —

i .-4

ESTIMATE of the Expence of lupperting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge for the Year 1776.

To a Salary to the Governor -

~ To a' Salary to~the Chief Justice - - — »-- .- -____-_

To a Salary to the Superintendant of Trade at James Forty in the River Gambia To a Salary to the Secretary of the Province - - r - -

To an Allowance to Two Ministers' - 1

- To an Allowance for a Schoolmasterat St I Lewis - -- - - _

_To a Salary to the Secretary for Mobrish Affairs" -

To-ar\ Allowance for Repair of Forts, and other Contingent Expences- -

— To the Expence of an armed Sloop so be employed under the Command of the Governor

_To a Salary to an Agent for the Affairs of the Province -- -: -

£ *. d.

1,200 -

400 — — 200 —

200 -

200 — 7-

50-----

JOO ——

2.000 — J; —

1.000 —

200 - —

5>55° -

— — - V t

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ho«le.

Blackthome" The Lord IVaim an presented to the House, according lodofur^. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties of Blacktborne, in the Farish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford: And the same was ► _ received j and read the First Time.

* efolved,*That the Bill be read a Second Time.

16

- A Eetition of the Gentlemen, AFerchant?, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, ini the Coilnty of interested as Proprietors in the Birmingham Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament pa fled in she Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons, therein described by the Name of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, have made, executed, and completed, a Navigable Canal, from the said Town of Birmingham, through

Stourbrid

Canal.

llcjff

16 Gifo. III. . p° Februarih 533

- or near certain Places called Tipton

Green, and Biljione, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford,

to a Place called Autherly, in the said County of Stafford, where the said Navigable Canal joins and communicates with a certain other Navigable Canal, called the Staffer dshire and Wircejlershire Canal Navigation; such latter Canal communicating also with the Rivers Severn and Trent; and that the great Object, in making the said Birmingham Canal, was, as the Petitioners apprehend, to reduce the Price of Coals at the said Town of Birmingham, and in other Parts of the County of wick, but particularly in the said Town of Birmingham,

the Trade and Manufactures of which Place depend in a great Measure upon the Cheapness of Coals, and that the Proprietors, -in executing the said Canal, have extended it through a large d raft of Country, at or near the above Places, abounding in Coal, great Part of which before the making of the said Canal could not be got and brought to Market, but which in consequence thereof are now raised and vended; and that many Persons (Owners of such Coal Land) and others, who have bought or rented tho lame, have, in consequence of the Conveyance rendered them by the said Canal, expended very large Sums of Money in planting such Coal Works and in erecting Engines, Gins, and other Structures, for the Purpose of railing and vending such Coals lying near to the said Canal; in purl'uance of which mutual Accommodation to the Public, by the making the said Birmingham Canal, and by opening such Mines m consequence thereof, the great Objects of making the said Canal have been answered, and the Petitioners, as well as all other the Inhabitants of the said Town and the neighbouring Parts of , have been enabled

thereby to purchase Coals at about Two Thirds of the Value for which they could buy the same before the making of the said Canal; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the several Coal Works already opened, and which may be opened in the Vicinity or the said Canal, will be sufficient to liipply the Demand for the feme for many Centuries to come; and that the said Owners of such Coal Mines do now render the feme at Market at as cheap a Rate as in the Nature of their Undertakings it is possible for them to do; and that, in consequence, any Scheme which may have a Tendency to compel the present Owners or Workers of Coal Mines, upon the Line of the said Birmingham Canal, to desert and decline the Working of such Mines, will eventually tend to the Prejudice of the Public, but alarmingly lb to the Petitioners and the other Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham: and that the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Stourbridge, and certain Coal Works in that Neighbourhood, to communicate with the said and

Canal, at a certain Place called Stourton, in the said County of Stafford, at a Distance of about Sixteen Miles (measuring along the respective Birmingham and Staffor dshire and Worcestershire Canals) from greatest Part of the several Coal Mines now at Work, and from which the Markets are now so reasonably supplied; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, a Monopoly will focceed: And therefore praying, That the feme - may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard against the feme, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Stewnbridge A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal. Birmingham Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been brought in, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of and the Coal

Works in that Neighbourhood, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at Or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford i and the Petitioners Vol. 35.-. „ ;-

apprehending that they may be materially affected in the Event of such an Undertaking, in case the said Bill should pass into a I-aw; therefore pray. That they may be heard, by themselves or Coilrifel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the principal Coal Maftcfs and Owners Stourbridp of Mines in the Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton, in Canal, the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That __ a Navigable Cut; or Canal, to effect a Communication between the River Severn and the River Trent, called the and

Worcestershire Canal.Navigation, having been completed, and another Navigable Cut, or Canal, having been since rpade, from the d own of Btrmrjtgbatn, to join the said Cut, or Canal, at Alder fey, near Wolverhampton, the Petitioners, in order to accommodate with Coals the several Towns and Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Canals, hare been induced to erect Fire Engines and Gins, and to fink deep Pits, either in their own Estates, or in the Estates or others, whole Mines they have purchased at the Expence of 36,000. and upwards (feme of the Coal Mailers and Owners of Mjnes having already paid to Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward and other Lords of Manors, and others being still liable to pay, heavy Fines for Licence to get Coals and other Mines under Copyhold Estates) and the Petitioners by these Means have supplied with Coals, at a very easy and cheap Rate, not only several Parts of the1 County of Stafford, but ilfo the Counties of and Warwick, whilst little or no He turn has yet been made to the major Part of the Adventurers in the said Undertakings, who, finding that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Canal, from the Town of Stourbridge, to finite with the aforesaid Canal called the StaffordshiKe and Canal Navigation, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also other collateral Cuts, to Places where Collieries now are, or are intended to be established, as by the Execution of such Plans they will lose all Prolpedt of reaping any Fruit of their Labour, and must fit down under the hard Pressure of *vast and irrecoverable Expences, do therefore, oh Behalf of’ themselves and their numerous Labourers, -which, for Want of Employment, must be reduced to great Distress; if the said intended Cut' be made to communicate with the Staffor dshire and Worcestershire Canal, pray, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, or have inch other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

‘And the said Petitio/is were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or

near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the St affor dshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near- Stourton, 'ini the County of

Stafford; and also Two collateral' Cuts, one trorn a Place called The Fens, upon jS

cofhihunicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wtardejley Brook with the Rive?

Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the fade! Chace, to j6in the first> mentioned collateral Cut at or near fcertainUahds. called The Lays, in the Parish of ini the said County of Stafford, be read a Second Time: And the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, agpnft the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted tq be heard, at the same Time, in "Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free* Ditto* holders, and Farmers, of the Parishes of Bromsgrove Bellbroughton, Alvec'hurch, Cojl-

dejley-Corbet, Pedmore, Stone, and Hartlebury, in the*

6 U- County-

Gooigl<

5 34 9 FebruariA. \ 77

County of WareeJier , Tardebig, in the Counties of Wor-eefter and Warwick, and Broom and Clent, in the County of Stafford* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill to make and complete a Navigable Canal, from Stourbridge and some Collieries thereto adjacent, to communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at St our ton, in the County of Stafford; and that there are resident in most of the aforefeiu Parishes great Numbers of Nailors and other poor and laborious Manufacturers in Iron, who, as well as the Petitioners, are supplied with Coals from the said Collieries adjacent to Stourbridge; and the Petitioners apprehend, that if the said Bill should pals into a Law, such large Quantities of Coals will be lent from the said Collieries, by Means of such new Navigable Canal, that the Price of Coals at the said Works will be greatly advanced, to the Loss and Detriment of the Petitioners, and to the total Ruin of the Nailors and Manufacturers now labouring under the greatest Distress from a Stagnation of Trade in their respect<tive Branches of Business; and the Petitioners conceive, that, if the few Coal Mines, now in the Hands of several distinct Proprietors, are, by the before.-mentioned Means, soon exhausted (which the Petitioners are well informed will be the Cafe) an Opportunity may occur of establishing a dangerous and of? preflive Monopoly in that useful Article of Life, to any Individual who may at that Time be possessed of the Bulk of the Collieries unworked: And therefore praying the House, to take thp Premises into Confideij-ation, and to afford them such Relief in the same as to the House shall seem meet.

Stourbridge A Petition of the principal Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkjbttry in the County of was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been brought in, for making a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and cejltrshire Canal, at or near , in the County of

Stafford, and allb Two collateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said intended Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that, by Means of t)ie said Canal and collateral Cuts, great Quantities of Coal, which are raised in the Neighbourhood of the said Canal and collateral Cuts, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be forwarded down the River , and thereby the said Town of and the

Country bordering on the Rivers Severn and Avon, will be supplied with Coals in a more plentiful Manner, and «t a cheaper Rate than at present; and the Conveyance of Iron Goods, and other heavy Merchandizes, the Manufacture of the Country through which the said Navigation is intended to pals, and of Grain of 9.U Sorts failed in this Country, will be rendered more cheap and commodious than at present; the attaining of which said Ends wiH, as the Petitioners apprehend, be particularly beneficial to the Petitioners, as well as of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet. J

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight. ' ,

Yardley A Petition of Henry Drmmond, Robert , and

Hafitegs Thomas Walley Partington, Esquires,. Lords of the Manor

iic 9 ure. Yardley Hajlings, in the County of

Patrons of the Parish Church thereof, and Proprietors of moll Part of the Open apd Common Fields, Com-20

mon- Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley Hajlings aforesaid (as Grantees m Trull of the Estates of the Right honourable Spencer Eari of Northampton) and of the Reverend *

diner. Clerk, Reiilor of the Parish and Parish Church of Yardley Hajlings aforesaid, and of other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of other Parts of the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, lands, and Grounds, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, w*s presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows, l ands, and Grounds, lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be very advantageous to the several Persons i.nterested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specilic Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their several and respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That N Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Pastures, Meadows,

Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That 1 cave be given to bring in a Bill,

Surluant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Ir. Knight ley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Fish Curers and other Inhabitants, Pilchud in the Borough of Saint Ives, concerned in the Pilchard Fishery carried on in the Bay of Saint Ives, in the "

County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there hath been for many Years pall a considerable Pilchard Fishery carried on in the said Bay of St. Ives-, and that the said Fishery hath hitherto been carried on conformable to certain Customs or Constitutions, which have from Time to Time been deviled by the Fishermen and Fish Curers for their Government, and which have in the general been complied with, but in some Instances have not been liibmitted to, whereby great Loss hath happened in the Fishery; and that of late Years the Adventurers in the Fishery, and -the Craft employed therein, are greatly increased, by Means whereof the aforesaid Cul-tomsand Constitutions are more frequently infringed; and that it appears by experience, that it will be for the Benefit of the Fishery, if feme Alteration be made in certain of the aforesaid Customs or Constitutions; and also that tha, Fishery may be greatly improved and increased, if some, new Regulations;^ made therein i And therefore praying. That Leave, may be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery within the Bay of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the said. Petition be referred to the Consideration of a, Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, Adam Drummond, Mr.

Yownjkend, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mt. Yufnell reported from the Committee, to whom Sr. Grange the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers ( of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants of the Parish of street^. Saint George, is)-the County of Midd was referred;

That the Committee had examined tie Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame* as it, appeared to them, to the House.; and-he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in, at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme was read; and is as foUpweth; viz,.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,^Mr.

James

j

16 Geo III. o° Februarti- 535

James Hopkins being examined, laid, He was an old Inhabitant of the said Parish, and had served all the Parochial Offices, except that of Churchwarden:

That the Poor of the said Parish are very numerous, and maintained at a great Expence-; and that if proper Powers were given to the Petitioners for the better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the said Poor, they would be more effectually relieved and provided for; and it would also be a great Ease and Convenience to all the Inhabitants of the said Parish: That the Streets and other public Passages and Places of that Part of the said Parish which is not within the Liberty of the Tower of , are not

sufficiently cleanled, lighted, and watched; and it would be a great Convenience and Safety to the Inhabitants, if proper Powers were given for effectually cleansing, lighting, and watching the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor, within the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London; And that Mr. Tufnelland Mr. Fielde do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Walgrave A Petition of Sir James Baronet, Lord of

c o ure. t^e ^janor Qf Walgrave, in the County of Northampton, and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth) That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, Failures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in finall Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it will be advantageous to the several Persons entitled thereto, if the feme were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, in lieu of their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Failures, Meadows, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill/ pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Knight ley and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Halifax, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are . *c* thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, and Traders na within, the several Vicarages and Parishes of

Bradford, Bingley, Guijley, , Batly, Mir-

feld, Hartshead cum Clifto, and the Lordship of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, within the said Vicarages and Parishes, are great Numbers of Manufacturers, Labourers, and others, who are frequently contracting small Debts, many of whom, although well able, reftife to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements and Difficulties their Creditors lie under, from the Expellee they are unavoidably put so, and the Delays they meet with, in suing the m! And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Vicarages and Parishes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Voi. 35.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Satuile, Mr. Lafcellts,

&c.: And they are to meet upon. Monday Morning, next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, *T*radefmen, Manufac- Halifax, turers, and others, Inhabitants of the several Vicarages &c-and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bingley, Calverley, SnuU Deb!s-Tong, Birstal, Bat ley, Guijley, Harte/Zekd and

Mirfield, in the West Riding of the County of York', was also presented to the House, and read;- Setting ’ forth, *1 hat the Petitioners daily sustain very great Loss and Inconvenience in the Recovery of final] Debts under Forty Shillings, from the extraordinary Expence and great Uncertainty attending the Proceedings in the inferior Courts of Law: And therefore praying, That fudi Relief may be granted in the Preniifes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the hft pre* ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as if shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Mulgrave Rlulgrave in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord of the Manors of MW-grave and Seaton, in the Parishes of Land fnr1ofllTe in the North Riding of the County of York, and of ie-veral other Persons whose Names are thereunto lubj feribed, Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Manors and Parishes, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the Townships of Hutton, Mul* grave, Lyth, Barnby, Mickleby, Bnrand in the said Parish of Lyth, and within the Township and Parish of Hinderwell, several Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, NIoors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvements; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners and the several other Persons interested therein, if tire feme were inclosed, and specific Allots ments made to them, according to their respectivo Rights, Shares, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think-proper. "

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And- that Sir George Savile and ' Mr. Lafcelies do prepate, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Cawood thereunto subscribed, on Behalf <jf themselves -and others. Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Tenements, within the Manors and Parishes of CaUooood and fViJlno, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manors and Paxiflats of Cawood and IVNow aforesaid, several Open Common Fields, Woodsy and Average Grounds, lngs, Marshes, Cars, Commons,' and other Waste Lands and Grounds, containing by Estimation z,oooo Acres and that the Petitioners appro- hend it would be of great Advantage to all Parties interested in the Premises, and would also be of pubfki Utility, if the feme were inclosed, and specific Allot-' ments made thereof to^ the respective Proprietors, according to their respe^f ive Rights and Interests therein:

And therefore praying, ^hat Leave may be giJen to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Cud several Open Common Fields, Woods, and Average Grounds, lngs, Marshes, Cars, Commons, and other Waste

_ - Land*

Nunningtou

See.

Inclosure,

Melbourn

and

Storthwaic*

Inclosure.

536 90 Februariu A. \ 7 7 6.

Lands and Grounds within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and Wijlozvaforesaid, and for making adequate Satjsfaction or Equivalents in lieu of Tythes, as shall be expressed in the said Bill, and for other Purposes to be therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Servile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

A Petition of the Honourable Thomas Howard, Lord of the Manors of Nunnington, Stonegrave, and in the North Riding of the County of York, and Sir Bellingham Graham, Baronet, his Lessee, and of the Several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the several Open and Common Fields within the Parishes of Nunnington and Stonegrave, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands within the Manor of West-Nefs, Part of the Parish of Stonegrave aforesaid, in Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Parish of Nunningtonin the North Riding of the County of York, divers Open and Uninclosed Fields and Commons, called or known by the several Names of Church Field, Middle Field, Far Field, High Moor, and Skye Croft, containing by Ellimation 45c /lores, or thereabouts; and that there are, within the Parish and Township of Stonegrave, in the said Riding, certain Open and Uninclosed Common Fields, called Near Field, Middle Field', and Far Field, containing by Ellimation 140 Acres, or thereabouts; and within the Manor of fVefi-Nefs, Part of the said Parish, certain Lands and Grounds, already inclosed, containing by Ellimation 1,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds in the said Open and Uninclosed Fields and Commons lie intermixed and in Imall Parcels, and it will be an Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open and Uninclosed Fields and Commons, if the same were divided and inclosed, and certain Allotments made to them in lieu of their Interest therein; And therefore praying; That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Uninclosed Fields and Commons, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, or . Persons interested therein, and for exonerating as \vell the said Open Fields and Commons as the old Inclosure lying within the said Manors and Parishes respectively, from the Payment of all Tythes, Produces, gr Compositions in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the laid Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Danser, John Dudding, William Wright, John Brabs, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads, and Lands, in the Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the Manor; of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the Parish

of Thornton, in the East Riding of the County of York,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there: are, in the said Township of Melbourn, divers ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads, and old inclosed Lands or Grounds, several Open Common Fields, and Uninclosed Carrs, and Mea-. dows or Ings; and that the Lands of the respective Proprietors therein are intermixed and dispened in small Parcels; and that, by Exchanges of the said ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads; and old inclosed Lands or Grounds (with the Consent of the Proprietors) and by a Division and Inclosure- of the said Open Common Fields, and uninclosed Carrs, and Meadows, or Ings, freed from the Payment of 22

all Tythes, the feme may be much' imptoved, and made more ‘convenient to the respective Proprietors thereof; and that, in the said Township of Storthwaite, are divers ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontlleads, and old inclosed Lands or Grounds, and several uninclosed Carrs, and Meadow's, or Ings, wherein the Lands of the Proprietors arc' intermixed and dispersed; and that, by Exchanges of the said ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads, and old inclosed Lands or Grounds (with the Content of tb« Proprietors) and by a Division and Inclosure of the said uninclosed Carrs, and Meadows or Ings, free from the Payment of all Tythes, the same may be much improved, and made more convenient to the respective Proprietors thereof; and that there are, in the said Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, Two Commons, or Parcels of Waste Ground, the one called Ross Moor, containing 1,400 Acres, or thereabouts, the other called Melbourn Common, or East Moor, containing 400 Acres, car thereabouts, whereon the Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, or Frontsteads, in the said Townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, jointly inter-common, which Commons are, in their present State, of Imall Value, and incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the said Commons, or Parcels of Waste Ground, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted, freed from all Tythes to,- and veiled in, the several Persons interested therein, it would be very advantageous to them, and of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above and other Purposes, to be therein mentioned, under such Reilrictions and Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Bruce, Lord of Manor of Ntwfham, in the Parishes of Kirkby Ravensworth and Barningham, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of several Freeholders and Owners of Lands lying within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is within the said Township, a Stinted Pasture, commonly called Newfham Town Pqfiure, and also several Common and Waste Lands, which, in the present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the Petitioners and several other Persons interested therein, the feme might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Stinted Pasture, and Common ami Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the Owners of -Lands and Estates, in the Township of Monkbretton, otherwise Burton, in the Parish of Royjione, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, several Open Common Fields and Melne Inclosures, with a considerable Tract of Commons and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie open and uninclosed; and that the said Mesne Indofures being the mixed Property of divers Owners, having specific Parcels of Land therein, the feme cannot be cultivated to the bell Advantage; and that it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons interested, if the said Common Fields and Waste Grounds were divided and in- closed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in

Proportion

Newfbsm

Inclosure.

Monkfcrcttn.

Inclosure.

ie

16 Geo. III. 90 FebruariL 537

Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein, and allb if the said Mesne Inclosures were held in Severalty, by the respective Proprietors of the laine, by convenient Exchanges made of the said Mixed Lands and divers Properties therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for exchanging and allotting the Lands in the said Melhe Inclosures amongst the several Owners of the fame, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, purfoant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Savile and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ickkford A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are ludofure. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, and otherwise interested, in the l’everal Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickltford, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in such Manner as to the Hotife shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byng, Mr. Plnmer, and Mr. Halsey, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Southampton The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Ek&ion. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been 1 truck, by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining un-struck; to which last mentioned Lift, the Names of Sir George Tonge, Baronet, and John Morton, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Adams, Esquire, Richard Beuyon, Esquire, Thomas Dimmer, Esquire, Sir John Palmer, Baronet, Richard Hopkins, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Asheton Cnrzon, Esquire, Benjamin Allen, Esquire, Anthony Eyre, Esquire, Richard Combe, Esquire, James Grenville, Esquire, IJ'aac Martin Rebow, Esquire, Edward Elliot, Esquire, Sir George Tonge, Baronet, John Morton, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the 1 own of Southampton, having a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Town, on Behalf of themselves and others, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Wooton A Petition of the Right honourable 'Thomas Lord laclosure. Hyde, and Charlotte Lady Hyde his Wife, and the hum-

ble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable lands and Grounds,

Vol. 35.

within the Parish and Liberties of Leek Wooton, otherwise Church Wooton, in the County of Warwick, and in Hill Wooton, in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and of the several other Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and difoerfed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be advantageous to the said several Persons, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Owners and Proprietors, according to their relpedrive Interests:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Holte and Mr. Skipwith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, Aflm-ood Lord of the Manor of Kingswin/ord, in the County of Ha.y Stafford, and the humble Petition of William Ptgott, ‘‘c‘l 11 Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Kitttrstoinford aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors ot Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the same Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwoodflay and Wall Heath, and divers other Parcels cf Land and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwoc/d Hay, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, 1,200 A.cres, or thereabouts, and which, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit or Advantage to the Petitioners and the rest of the Proprietors, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted, unto and amongst the Petitioners and ajl other Persons interested, the said Commons might be greatly improved, and become very profitable to the Petitioners and the rest of the said Proprietors, as well as a public Advantage: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons,

Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Ke ft rid ions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That l^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Paid Petition: And that Mr. Lygonand Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, principal Tarc?tl>5-g Land Owners and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Tarde- Church bigg, in the Counties of fVoreLjler and Warwick, on lie-half of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Part of the Church of the said Pari lb hath lately fallen down, and the other Part is in lb ruinous a Condition that it is incapable of being repaired j and that an Estimate hath been made of the F.xpence of taking down and rebuilding the said Church, e.mounting to the Sum of £. 1,222, which Sum the Petitioners are desirous of railing by a Tax upon themselves, for re-lmilding the said Church, but the sanae cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to take down and re-build the said Church, and for raising a liilHcient Sum of Money to defray the Expence thereof, by such Ways and Tvleans, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

6 X Consideration

G()Oglc

5 3 8 9* Februa. 1776.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House *

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dorfmgton A Petition of William Rawlins, Lord of the Manor Inclosure. of Dorfington, in the County of Gloucester, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Dorfmgton aforesaid, the Reverend William Gelfthorpe, Clerk, Rector of the said Parish of Dorfmgton, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, which coofift, or are reputed to consist, of Forty Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and contain in the whole, by Estimation, Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands and Grounds of the Owners and Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it will be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons entitled thereto, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorfmgton, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid, unto and amongst the Persons interested therein, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley, and Sir William Guise, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Surfleet A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands, inclosure. within the P^grish of Surfleet, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, which are computed to contain 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open Fields, and other Commonable Places, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rulkington A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands, Inclosure. within the Parish of Rujkington, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, which are computed to contain 3.000 Acres, Qr thereabouts, wherein the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave rbpy be given to bring in a Bill for di-> .

viding and inclosing the said Open Common Fields,

Meadow Grounds, Common Fen and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in,* the lame.

A Petition of George Mattocks, Gentleman, was. Birmln^him presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Theatre. Birmingham is a very large and populous Town; and that great Numbers of Persons of considerable Property relide therein, and in the Neighbourhood, who are desirous of having a public Theatre established there, under proper Regulations; and that the Petitioner and Mr. Joseph Younger are Lessees of a certain Building in King Street, in the said Town, very proper and conveniently situated for the Purpose of a Play-, house: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a Patent to the said Joseph Younger, and the Petitioner, for the Use of the said Building as a Theatre.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strahan, Mr. Whitworth,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Robert Childerditch Lord Petre, of Writ tie, on Behalf of himself and the and 'rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and WestHomjoa Grounds, in the Parishes or Manors of Childerditch ,coun:' and West Horndon, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors or Parishes, several Commons, or uninclosed Commonable Lands or Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any material Improvement, and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioner and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes or Manors of Childerditch and West Horndon, if the same were divided: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-, strictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Luther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord uffington Craven, Lord of the Manor of Uffington, in the County iudofore. of Berks, and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Manor and Parish of Uffington, and of certain other Lands within the Hamlets of Kingston L fte and Fuwler, in the Parish of Sparjholt, in the said County of Berks, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Owners and Proprietors of certain other Lands, within the Hamlet of Wolfton, otherwise Wolverfton, in the Parish of Uffington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Uffington, and Hamlets of Balking and Wolfton, otherwise Wolverfton, in the said Parish of Uffington, and also in the Hamlets of Kingston Life and Fawler, in the said Parish of Sparjholt, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common,

Pastures; Downs, Commons, and other Commonable Lands', belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed; and certain other Owners of Lands in the Hamlets of Kingston Ltjle and Fawler

have

Googh

J

16 Geo. III. (f Februa 539

fiaye Right of Common with the Petitioners, in certain Corveton Wood or Coinmpn,* whereon the Petitioner Lands in the Tow nth ip of Uffington and Hamlet of and the other Freeholders within the said Manor and Balking aforesaid; and the said several Lands'are not, Township have distinct Rights of Common; and it in their present Situation, capable of any considerable would be beneficial to the Petitioner, and to all Par-Improvement, but if the same were divided arid allotted, ties interested therein, to have the said Common or and certain Parts thereof inclosed, it would be of great Waste Land divided and inclosed, and specific Shares Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Per- thereof allotted to them and to the Vicar, according (pns interested' therein: And therefore praying, That to their respective Rights and Intercfls: And therefore Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, in- praying, That. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, closing, and allotting, the said Lands and Grounds, under for dividing and inclosing the said Trad of Common, such Regulations as to the House shall feerp meet. or. Waste Land, in such Manner, and subject to such

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Regulations, as the House shall think fit. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Elwes, Mr. Pop ham, Mr. Charles Finely and Mr. Mor- pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that timer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Noel Hill do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

teofWight A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the

Fo®r* JJle of Wight, was presented to the House, and read; A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Com-Setting forth, That an Act was made, in the nth monalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a House the City of Bristol\ under their Common Seal, was or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the the Port of Bristol is a Place of great Trade and Com-Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places merce, and that the Ships and Vessels lying therein are, within the said Island; and that the Petitioners have by the Efflux of the Tide, left dry Twice in every proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, to the Twenty-four Hours, whereby they frequently receive great Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the Damage, and that great Quantities of Timber, Deals, said Island, but find that, by reason of the Insufficiency Staves, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, have, for many of the Sum of Money they are authorized to borrow Tears pad, been imported into the said Port yearly, for the Purposes of the said Act, and on Account of and particularly in the Summer Months, during which some Dcfeds therein, they cannot completely execute Time there has frequently not been Room within a the Trusts repoled in them, without the further Aid of convenient Distance for storing the fame, by reason Parliament; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it whereof, and of the Expence of removing, which is too would be expedient to repeal the said former Act, and great a Charge on Articles of such low Value, the to make one complete Act for the Purposes of main- Quays have be£n often, and through Necesslty, greatly taining and regulating the Poor within the said Island: incumbered, and the Danger of Fire to the Ships in

And therefore praying, That-Leave may be given to the Port rendered very great, and much to be dreaded; bring in a Bill to enable them to borrow a further Sum and that the Petitioners have, from Time to Time, of Money, and for the other Purposes above-mentioned, expended very large Sums of Money for the Benefit of or that they may have such other Relief in the Pre- the Navigation and Trade of the said Port, and the miles as to the House shall teem meet. above-mentioned Evils having been much complained

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of, they did some Time since purchase certain Docks Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- and Yards, in the Parish of Clifton, in the Count}7 of mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it Gloucester, adjoining to the River Avon, within the said shall appear to them, to the House: Port of Bristol, and have, at a very considerable Ex-

And it is referred to Sir Richard Worsey, Mr. Sloane, pence, rendered One of the said Docks, now called &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Mom- The Floating Dock, capable of receiving and floating ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the largest Ships using the said Port; and that the Peti-Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, tioners propose to enlarge the said Dock on the Welland Records. ern Side thereof, and to render the same capable of

containing a greater Number of Ships, and also to lay Windltffham A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, &c. whose out and make a convenient Quay, on such Western and Names are subscribed, in the Parish of Windlefham and Side for landing, and to erect Store Houses, and lay IncfoTure Fagshot, in Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and others, out Yards for storing the afore-mentioned Articles of was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Trade, by Means whereof the Trade of the said Port That the Waste Lands, in the said Parish, &c. con- in the several above-mentioned Articles will be greatly tain, by Estimation, 10,000 Acres; and it would be accommodated, and the Danger of Fire amongst the of great Benefit to the said Proprietors and the Pub- Ships greatly lessened; and that, in order to effect the lie, if some Parts of the same were cultivated, which said several Purposes, the Petitioners apprehend, it will cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: be necessary to prohibit the Landing of the afore-men-

And therefore praying, for Leave to bring in a' Bill, tioned Articles of Trade on the present Quays within for Power to indole and divide, among all Parties in- the said Port, when imported in certain Proportions, terested therein, such Parcels of the said W afte Land as and to render the said intended Quay a lawful Quay shall be conducive to the above Purposes. ' in respect of the said enumerated Articles of Trade,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, and to compel all Persons importing such Articles, in

Surfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that such Proportions, to land the same on the said new fr. Onslow, Mr. George Onslow, and Mr. Norton, do intended Quay, And to ascertain the Rates to be paid prepare, and bring in, the fame. for landing and storing the fame, and for regulating

the Management of the said Dock, Quay, Store Houses, Corfton A Petition of Charles Bal'divyn, Esquire, Lord of and Yards, and also Lighters, Boats, and Vessels, kelofur®. the Manor of Corfton, in the County of Salop, on Be- carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port; and half of himself, and others, was presented to the House, for extending the Jurisdiction of the said City of Bris-and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the tol to the said Dock, Quay, Store Houses, and Yards, Manor and Township of Corftonx otherwise Corveton, and to certain other Docks adjoining to the said Float-and in the Parish of Diddlebury, in the said County, ing Dock, and for making other Regulations within a Tract of Common Waste Land, containing the said Port; and to oblige and enable all Persons in-300 Acres, or thereabouts, called Corfton otherwise terested in any Lands or Hereditaments which may be Vol. 35.» necessary

Bristol

VctU

538 9# FebruaA. 177 6.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dorfington A Petition of William Rawlins, Lord of the Manor

Inclosure. Dorfington, in the County of Gloucester, and Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Dorfington aforesaid, the Reverend William Clerk, Rector of

the said Parish of Dorfington, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, which coofift, or are reputed to consist, of Forty Yard Lands, or thereabouts, and contain in the whole, by Estimation, Nine hundred Acres, or thereabouts, wherein the Lands and Grounds of tho Owners and Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it will be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons entitled thereto, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorfington, in the County of Gloucester aforesaid, unto and amongst the Persons interested therein, in such Manner as to the House shall, seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley, and Sir William Guise,

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Surfleet A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands,

Inclosure. within the Pajifh of Surfieet, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, which are computed to contain 1,300 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open Fields, and other Commonable Places, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for divid'-ig and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Eutkington A Petition of the Proprietors of Houses and Lands,

Inclosur#. within the Parish of Rujkington, in the County of Lincoln, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Fen, and other Commonable Places, which are computed to contain 3,000 Acres, Or thereabouts, wherein the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement: And therefore praying. That Leave riipy be given to bring in a Bill for di-

viding and inclosing the said Open Common Fields,

Meadow Grounds, Common Fen and other Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Brownlow Bertie and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in,- the fame.

A Petition of George Matlocks Gentleman, was . Birmingham presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Tfccaire. Birmingham is a very large and populous Town; and that great Numbers of Persons of considerable Property reside therein, and in the Neighbourhood, who are desirous of having a public Theatre established there, under proper Regulations; and that the Petitioner and Mr. Joseph Younger are Lessees of a certain Building in King Street, in the said Town, very proper and conveniently situated for the Purpose of a Play-house: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a Patent to the said Joseph Younger, and the Petitioner, for the Use of the said Building as a Theatre.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strahau, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Robert Childerdtch Lord Petre, of Writtle, on Behalf of himself and the and ’rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and 'Veit Homdc* Grounds, in the Parishes or Manors of Childerditch t, COUK' and WefiHorndon, in the County of Essex, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors or Parishes, several Commons, or uninclosed Commonable Lands or Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any material Improvement, and that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioner and the rest of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes or Manors of Childerditch and Wefi Horndon, if the same were divided: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-strictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harvey and Mr. Luther do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Uffington Craven, Lord of the Manor of Ujfington, in the County luctofiire* of Berks, and Owner or Proprietor of certain Lands within the Manor and Parish of Uffington, and of certain other Lands within the Hamlets of Kingston JJJle and Fawler, in the Parish of Sparfholt, in the said County of Berks, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunder written, Owners and Proprietors of certain other Lands, within the Hamlet of Wolfion, otherwise Wolversion, in the Parish of Ujfington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Township of Ujfington, and Hamlets of Balking and Wolfion, otherwise Wolversion, in the said Parish of Ujfington, and also in the Hamlets of Kingston Lisle and Fawler, in the said Pari fir of Sparfholt, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common, 1

Pastures; Downs, Commons, and other Commonable-Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which lie intermixed and dispersed; and certain other Owners of Lands in the Hamlets of Kingston Lisle and Fawler

have.

16 Geo. III. g Februarii.539

fiave Right of Common with the Petitioners, in certain Lands in the Township of and Hamlet of

Balking aforesaid; and the said several Lands'are not, in their present Situation, capable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided and allotted, and certain Parts thereof inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested' therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Lands and Grounds, under such Regulations as to the House shall feerp meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Etwes, Mr. Pcpham, Mr. Charles Finch, and Mr. Mortimer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

IQeofWight A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the

Isle of Wight, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made, in the nth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Island, but find that, by reason of the Insufficiency of the Sum of Money they are authorized to borrow for the Purposes of the said Act, and on Account of feme Defects therein, they cannot completely execute the Trusts repoled in them, without the further Aid of Parliament; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it would be expedient to repeal the said former Act, and to make one complete Act for the Puqiofes of maintaining and regulating the Poor within the said Island: And therefore praying, That- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to borrow a further Sum of Money, and for the other Purposes above-mentioned, or that they may have such other Relief in the Pre-miles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Mr. Sloane,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Windlesham A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, &c. whole and Names are subscribed, in the Parish of and

Incfoture Bagshot, in Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Waste Lands, in the said Parish, &c. contain, by F.ftimation, 10,000 Acres; and it would be of great Benefit to the said Proprietors and the Public, if some Parts of the same were cultivated, which cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, for Leave to bring in a' Bill, for Power to inclose and divide, among all Parties interested therein, such Parcels of the said Waste Land as shall be conducive to the above Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Onslow, Mr. George Onslow, and Mr. Norton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Corfton A Petition of Charles Esquire, Lord of

loelofurs. the Manor of Corfton, in the County of Salop, on Behalf of himself, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Manor and Township of , otherwise

and in the Parish of Diddlebury, in the said County, a Tract of Common Waste Land, containing 300 Acres, or thereabouts, called Corfton otherwise Vol. 35.

Corveton Wood or Comnipn, - whereon the Petitioner and the other Freeholders within the said Manor and Township have distinct Rights of Common; and it would be beneficial to the JPetitioner, and to all Parties interested therein, to have the said Common or Waste Land divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them and to the Vicar, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That . Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the .- laid Tract of Commort, or Waste Land, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Noel Hid/ do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mailer, "Wardens, and Com- Brirtol monalty, of the Society of IVTerchant Venturers of Ert. the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the Lloufe, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Bristol is a Place of great Trade and Commerce, and that the Ships and Vessels lying therein are, by the Efflux of the Tide, left dry Twice in every Twenty-four Hours, whereby t frequently receive Damage, and that great Quantities of Timber, Deals,

Staves, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, have, for many Tears past, been imported into the said Port yearly, and particularly in the Summer Nlonths, during which Time there has frequently not been Room within a convenient Distance for storing the fame, by reason whereof, and of the Expence of removing, which is too great a Charge on Articles of such low Value, the Quays have been often, and through Necessity, greatly incumbered, and the Danger of hire to the Ships in the Port rendered very great, and much to be dreaded; and that the Petitioners have, from Time to Time, expended very large Sums of Money for the Benefit of the Navigation and Trade of the said Port, and the above-mentioned Evils having been much complained of, they did some Time since purchase certain Docks and Y ards, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, adjoining to the River Avon, within the said Port Of Bristol, and have, at a very considerable Expence; rendered One of the said Docks, now called 1 he Floating Dock, capable of receiving and floating the largest Ships using the said Port; and that the Petitioners propose to enlarge the said Dock on the Western Side thereof, and to render the same capable of containing a greater Number of Ships, and also to lay out and make a convenient Quay, on such Western Side for landing, and to erect: Store Houses, and lay out Yards for storing the afore-mentioned Articles of Trade, by Means whereof the Trade of the said Port in the several above-mentioned Articles will be greatly accommodated, and the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships greatly lessened; and that, in order to effect the said several Purposes, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be necessary to prohibit the Landing of the afore-mentioned Articles of Trade on the present Quays within the said Port, when imported in certain Proportions, and to render the said intended Quay a lawful Quay in respect of the said enumerated Articles of Trade, and to compel all Per lb ns importing such Articles, in such Proportions, to land the same on the said new intended Quay, and to ascertain the Rates to be paid for landing and storing the fame, and for regulating the Management of the said Dock, Quay, Store Houses, and Yards, and also Lighters, Boats, and Vessels, carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port; and for extending the Jviriicliclion of the said City of tol to the said Dock., Quay, Store Houses, and Yards, and to certain other Docks adjoining to the said Floating Dock, and for making other Regulations within the said Port; and to oblige and enable all Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which maybe

neccfi'ary

Gx30qIc

540 d° Februarii. A. iin6.

necessary to be made Use of for the Purposes afore-- said, to sell and convey the same to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cruger, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exporting A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Com-Prem ions, mona|tyj Gf the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the British Colonies in the fVeJi Indies have been usually supplied from North America with great Quantities of Bread, Flour, Rice, Indian Corn, Live Stock, and other Provisions; and that, during the present Situation of Public Affairs, the said Colonies will be greatly distressed unless a Supply is sent from this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to apply such Remedy as shall appear fit and necessary.

Ditto. A Petition of several Merchants trading from the Port of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the British Islands in the West Indies have been hitherto supplied from the Continent of North , with large

Quantities of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Biscuit, Bread, and other Articles of Provisions, which Supplies are, by the present Disputes with America entirely withheld from the numerous Inhabitants of the said Islands; and representing to the House, that it is impossible to ascertain the Quantities of the above Articles ablb-Jutely necessary for the Sustenance and Support of the numerous Inhabitants of the said Islands, where the Heat of the Climate renders every Article of Provision liable tolpeedyDecay: And therefore praying the House, to take into Consideration the unhappy Situation which the Inhabitants of the said British Islands must be in, while such Supplies are withheld from them, and allow the Petitioners to export Wheat, Wheat Meal, Biscuit, Bread, Pease, and other Articles of Provisions, to the said British Islands, for the Sustenance of the Inhabitants thereof, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole, (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Forthce A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Foor. Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Milles, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cockayne’s Mr. Lyttleton presented to the House, according to Name. Order, a Bill to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith cn'y, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith,

Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Stroud wj*« ing next, proceed in the further Hearing of Counsel, Is:av,8anon* upon the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Atfl, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An Atfl for making navigable the River " Stroudwater, in the County of ,from the

" River Severn, at or near Framilo to IVallbridge, " near the Town of Stroud, in the same County and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to IVallbridge aforesaid.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Sandwich upon Wednesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eallern Parts of the County of Kent, more effetflually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Vallies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, upon this Day Sevennight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant February.

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Horsham whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging ** the Powers, of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of ^uffex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbifham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Slone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, was committed, and to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Leatherhead, and the Places adjacent in the County of Surrey, and of the several other Persons Owners and Occupiers of Estates within the same, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

Mr. Ba/dzvyu presented to the House, according to Rothton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Speiu-w mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rujhlon ,ldature* Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- Raithby mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Indofuic. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raithby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Lord Brownlow Bertie, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Sairei

13 th ®ee*»

x 2° Februarii. 541

thereunto subscribed. Owners end Proprietors a£ urther Time, an certain Fen Lands, lying in Holme Fen, in the Parishes Hit prefect Ma- of G and or One of them, known by the

: sra&'-r'1'1 *siSrs£ 2r *"» "

- LitedTiTO, the Difies payable. upanlhc Impor " tation of Tallow, Hogs lard, and Grease, and t<

« roll.

16 Geo. III.

13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ii

tuled, "An Act to continue for :a further Time, _

Ad, made in the'Seventh Year of His present Ma- of Glutton and Holme, or One nf t

" Relen. intituled, An Act to difcbntim* for a several Names of J* J*cm» *7 ,tke

---- and The , was prer^rsV.^ FT1Vs AlJerlots*

-K-nlnr, fnrth That read;

" tation of Tallow, Hogs l^aru, aim v*.- — , - — to permit the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, " Hams, and Cheese, into this Kingdom, from any " Part of Europe, for a limited Time, free of Duty,"

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given td bring1 in a Bill,

-----1

rr."','f'T""-k7 r-'-tuicu 10 me nouie, anu rca -Setting forth, Tha the I ands of the Petitioners in Holme Fen, and containing together about 1500 Acres,

have of late 1 ears been frequently overflowed aitd greatly annoyed «k Water, by reason of the Decay of the Outfall for iffmng and discharging the Land Waters to the Sea, and g,r Want of f&flSent Banks, and the necessary Works of Drainage, by which Means the said Lands are greatly diminiled in their Value, ’* " tended that the same cannot be fuffil

to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the the iaia juanus are great!v dim n Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, and it is apprehended that tk m,r ln ’ ^Ue>

" An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Du- ciently and effectually emhiini, j cannot be suffithe Importation of Tallow, Hogs the Aid of Parliament: r . without

may be riven to

Accounts ordered; Soap, &c.

jeave UC ^*vn aw -t5 — .

further Time, an Act, made in the venth 1 ear 01 his present Majesty s An Act to discontinue, for a limited

" ties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs -- - — -- -nuu incrwr? praying, mat

« Lard, and Grease :’T And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Be given to bring , in a Bill, to impowfer Sir Goone Warren do prepare, and bring in, the the Petitioners to embank and drain the said Lands, in lame. such Manner as to the HouGothab feetn meet.

OrJreerf.Thdthe said Petition be referred to the Gon-Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, an federation ot a Committee: And that they do examine

Account of the Quantity of Hard and Soft Soap, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear made in England, from Midsummer 1769 to Midsummer to them, to the House:

... .....C '*.!*&». the Lord

cl tixey are to meet Tomorrow the Clock, in the Speaker’#

each Year. V ' ° and Record*. ow«r to fend for Persons, Papers,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and Net Produce of Hard and Soft A Petition of the Merchants TfarWt t„u.

Soap, made in England, from Midsummer 1769 to Mid- bitants, within the Hundred of ’ Kirt»» ;« *u. fmmtr i,7i, dUWuishing eacVYear. of Holland, in the County of /"!?' " clfl

Ordered, That there he foirt to the House and read . ?\ was presented

HunLVTr , Setting forth. That, in the

&d dcwl KTn’ " the *"* of Holland, in the BranrW V n'r Carr^d on several extensive

emnlotr «,° ^^^Trade, and Commerce, which

tract ^nal^rLv!1011^^ *many of whom cons’; amoUnt'hg in the Whole to a large

m^thf MoneY y«arly, and, although well able to 01? the nT^* °ften refuse so to do, presuming Ordered, That there be laid before this House an tL Creditors lie under, from

Account of the Tallow exix^rterl frnm 1?,) j r f # ^cv axe unavoidably put unto in

er- — -^SfaasiS Sj

Credit S° prClm0te ^ndustry, and to support useful urM" therem: Ana ________r__i___That 1 /*ave

V /

7731 distineutfmng Ordertd, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gro(s and Net Produce of the Duties on Candles, from Midsummer 1769 to Midsummer 1773; distinguishing each Y car.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into

England, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 17751 dif-

tingu'iflung each Year, and the Foreign Tallow from the Irish.

Kirton Small Debts*

The other Orders of the Day being read; *»PPbi Resolved. That the u~-f-

W*y»

Mean*.

Eefolved, That this Hnnf* ’ greatly tend to *"* wimm uu. uhu . ——

"S next, resolve itself into . r U'Wn Mom- Credit therein Yndustry, and to support useful

House ,0 «nf, der L„h‘"r'°of t£),2m,t'e' of *e whole may be riyTn o^ therefore praying, iW Leave Majesty. ma ot Supply granted to His speedy R^'" ° Wg in a Bill for tl,! more easy and.

of*>»MaforefIiH .?!: Debts within the Hundred

it efohed, That this House will w as to the Houf#. <v, U^er f^cb Regulations and Restrictions

£g next, resolve itself Vnto a CW?? Mo">- ^'d T^r^1 .

the SunnlCOnid'r f"r,hcr WayTand M of ?" *hole £der"‘on if a Petition be referred to the Con-

PPty granted to His Majesty ^eans for raising the Matter thi*rArwrrirrxittee: that they do examine

And then the Hour , ’ to them, to the HoxfSl &me’"‘l ^lpI

fog next. Ten o^tfrTciocfc Monday Morn- &c"rfeftL to Sr Wtaj , Lord Brownlow

~ ing, at Nine of l? meet Tomorrow Mom-

have Powp-r 'L ^9°^* t^c Speaker’s Chamber; Records. to fen<f for Persons, Papers, and

OI*tton ud Holme ^nuoajic.

Lun^ 12* die Fbruarit;

T

Anno 16* Georgii Ulu* Regis, 1776. Pa ay eks.

CVO HN Liardettook the Oaths appointed, in order to

J his Naturalization.

A Petition of Daniel Mc of LincohCs Inn Cojmtt

Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, tot and on the Behalf of tfae Right honourable Ann Counted Sftau Dowager of Muffin-tent, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Residaxe of certain Lands, heretofore granted

By Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, and under the Seal of the Duch* T

S42

12* Februarii.

i H A: \ Tj6.

Moflareene Carteot sell and dispose of her Estate-in Par-ctfc io advantageously as (he might do, if the same was charged on feme certain Part thereof, and the Residue discharged therefrom; and therefore the said Countess some Time since made Application to the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to obtain their Content for that Purpol'e, but, before any Order was . obtained thereon, her Ladyship went into Laly, and is not yet returned, leaving k in Charge with the Petitioner to proceed in her said Petition with all Diligence ai*d Favour*^ and the Petitioner hath lately obtained ..the'.Content of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, for making an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill to chafge the said Fee Farm Rpf»t upon certain Farms of the said Counters Dowager,

of the annual Value of £. 400, and upwards (beifig Phrt of 7,331 Acres 3 Jioods and ir6 Perches, granted by the fed Letter* Patent) and that the Residue thereof may be exonerated from the said Rent; and that it will . mankeftly tend to the Benefit and Advantage of 'the said Countels Dowager of Mast'areene, that such Bill should be brought in this present Session, but, as the Time allowed by the House for presenting Petitions for Private Bills is neariexplring, therefore the Petitioner, for and on the Behalf of the said Am Countess Dowager of Majfareene, prays the - House, That the Petition of the said Counters Dowager*.* for. Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid* may be hereafter received, although the same should not be offered within the Time prescribed by the House for presenting Peti-t . tionefor Private Bilk.

Ordered, That thfc said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dorchester A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Streets. cheftar, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, and other public Psflages, within the said Town, are in general very ill cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Paths and Passages thereof are greatly obstructed by Nuisances and Annoyances, and the Foot Ways of great Parts thereof, which are Turnpike, are very inconvenient for walking thereon, and cannot be remedied by the said Turnpike; and both the Horse Ways and FootWays, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike, are in a very ruinous Condition; and that, on the 11 th Day of July last, there happened in the East Street of the said Town a sudden and terrible Fire, which, by reason of the many thatched Houses in that Part of the Town, in a very ftiort Time burnt down and consumed Twenty-two Dwelling Houses, besides Out Houses and other Buildings, and the whole Town was in imminent Danger of being burnt and destroyed; and that it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and be of great public Utility, if the said Streets, Lanes, A Hep, and other public Passages, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Nuisances, Obstructionss; and Annoyances removed, and the Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike were rendered more convenient for Foot Passengers, and the Horse Ways and Foot Ways of such , Parts thereof as are not Turnpike were better repaired;

and k would conduee to the preventing future Dangers by 1 Fire, if thatched Houses and Buildings were prohibited in

the said Town: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, of the Town of aforesaid,

and the paving the Foot Wap thereof as are Turnpike; and for the repairing both Lire Horse and Foot Wap of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike, and for re* moving Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for preventing ffoufes and Buildings, hereafter to be built, from being, covered with any Thatch or Straw, for the greater Safety of the Inhabitants, and better Security from Danger by Fire.

21

Ordered, That the laid "Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Cornmktoe: And that they do examine the Matter, thereof; and report! the lame, as it shall appear to them, tA the Housei: *. ! V >, "

. Artd it is referred to Mf.7 TMr. r Ewer,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nipe of the Clock,' in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power jto fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

Sir John Hytide>Cotton reported from the Committee, South Level

.to whom the Petition, of the Commissioners for put- ^raina1*^ tipg in , Exception an Act of Parliament, made in the raiaaSe* Seventh Year., of the Reign, of His present Majesty King George (the Thkd, intituled, "An Act for draining and ptefqrving certain Fen Lands and Low " Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of.: the " Great Level of the Fens, commonly called !

" Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and " the Hard Lands of Bottifham, Sw'affham] and

" Sxcaffham Prior, East, and for impowering the Governor,. Bailiffs, and Comrhonalty, of the Company " of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, com-". monly called The Bedford Level, to fell certain Fen

" Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly " called Invtfled Landsand of levepl other Owners

and Occupiers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the Limits aforesaid, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the- House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been. complied1 with; and that the (Committee had exa-; mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as tblloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that certain Lands, which were, at the Time of passing the lame, dug out into Hods or Turf Pools, were charged with only Half Rates for the Space of Seven Years, which Term is near expiring.

Mr. Camforth Manning, being examined, laid, That the Commissioners appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Rates thereby laid, all which have been duly expended in the several Works of draining and embanking thereby directed, which has been a great Benefit to the Navigation of the said River Cam; that the Rates and Tolls by the said Act granted have been found very inadequate, and that the several Works thereby directed to be done cannot be completed, unless some additional Tolls are laid; that the Lands dug out into Hods or Turf Pools, are incapable of paying the ' Proportion of Taxes charged thereon, and that, if they were to be sold, the Produce of them would not amount to the Sum due in Arrear; that the turning of Bottifham and Swaffham Loads into the Reach l oad, in order to make but one Outfall into the River Cam, would be the' fefeft Way of Drainage, and a Saving of some Miles of Embanking; that for this Purpose it may be necessary to take into the Boundary some other Lands, which may be done without any Prejudice to the Proprietors; and others, which are at present within the Line, but have not receved any Benefit from the Drainage, may be left out; and he concluded with laying, that the Powers of the said A Cl, in m^ny Particulars, want to be enlarged and amended.

Mr. William Poulter, being examined, confirmed the*

Whole of the foregoing Evidence; and added, that the Sum due on the Credit of the Act, amounts to near Four thousand Pounds, together with a large Arrear of Interest thereon.

Ordered,

iS^Geo. III. i FeiruariL54j

Ordered, That Leave -be given to bring in a Bill Leave may be given to Tiring in a Bill for the Purpose* to amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the above mentioned. , . ... ;:

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confix " draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low deration of a Committee a And. that they do examine the " Grounds, lying in the-South Level, Part of the Great Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appeaJr.co " Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level\them, to the House:; . ? *y-:-

" and in the County of Cambridge, between the River And it is referred to Mr. ,'’Sir Edward

*- " Cam,. otheri'ife Grant., West, and the Hard Lands Hawke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom-!

__; ".of Bottisham,$wajfkarri Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

" East, and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs,' and and have-Power to fend, for Persons; Papers, and " Commonalty,-of the Company of Conservators of Records.:

the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bed-: o . .....:

" ford Level, to fell certain Fen Lands, lying within A Petition; of; the honourable Richard Berry\ John Kingsiey

". the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Arden, d Esquite, John Welles, . Esquire, John Crewe, Ef-. and " LandsAnd that Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Sampquire, Ralph Ley refer, Fdquire, Henry Aston, Esquire,- Crowton

fan Gideon, and Mr. Jenpis, do prepare, and bring in, the- John Gifford,' Esquire, Eliscabetk Aston, Spinftef, John incl<rfure* fame. f Wilkinson, Edward Turner, Robert Ashley,

> George Oakell, Daniel Bufuett, Turner, Richard

Uck field -.A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Millerr the Younger, William TSrfarrow, Gentlemen, andi put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for subscribed, wasi presented to the House, and read; Sfct-amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road ting forth. That there are, within the Manor and Fed leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield, in of Kingsley, contifling of vthe several Townships of Kings*

the County . of Suffix, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish ley, Newton, and Norley, in the Parish of Frod/ham, in of Westham, in the said County, and of several other the County Palatine of Chester, and within the Manor Persons whose Names are thereupto subscribed, was pfe- of Crowton, in the Parish of Heaver ham, in the same fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the County, divers Open Commons and Waste Grounds, laid Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execu- containing together, by Eftiraation, about 1700 Acres, tion, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, which of Assize; and that the same are at present of little cannot be Repaid, and the said Road kept in sufficient Use and small Value, though they might be i greatly Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, improved, if divided into specific Allotments and in-ana further Powers given; and that the Road leading doled: And therefore prayiivg, That Leave may be from the Side Gate, on the Horsebridge Turnpike Road, given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-in the Parish of Hellingly, to a Place called Horam, in doling the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the the Parish of Waldron, and from thence through, a laid Manor and Fee of Kingsley, and within the Manor Place called Little London, in the said Parish of Wal- of Crowton, in the County PalaHhe' of Chester. dron, to tfre Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-kand Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in la Bilk

to Burwqfh, in the said County of Sussex, is in a ruinous pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that.

Condition, and in the Winter Season dangerous, and Mr. Crewe, Mr. , and Mr. do prepare,

cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in and bring in, the fame.

Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would

be of general Utility and Advantage; to the-Public, if Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom Hoffman’* Powers were given to repair, widen, and amend the the Bill for naturalizing jFohn Hoffman, was com- at-

said Road: And therefore praying. That Leave may mitted; That the Committeo had examined the Alie--: be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, gations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true;

under such Regulations as to the House shall seem and that the Committee had directed him to report the

meet. Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And' he

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Ordered, That the Bill tie. ingrossed.

the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall ap- .

pear to them, to the House.: A Petition of the TrufLees for putting in Execution ChodklgH

And it is referred to Mr. Newnham, Mr. Brand, an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year 01 t^j»e

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, /^burton

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road,

and have Power to fend ‘ for Persons, Papers, and " Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Henneck,

Records. "in the County of jDenjon, through the Town and TJo-

" rough of Ashburton, to Brent in the Parish of

Portsmouth A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting " South Brent, in the said County j" and also of the ireets, jn Execution an Act for the better paying and deaniing Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the First the Streets, and other public Passages, in the Town of Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty, intituled,

Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for pre- " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

venting Nuifences and Annoyances therein, and for " Traveller’s Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to

widening and rendering the feme more commodious, " ton Bushel, and from thence to Forche’s, otherwise

and of several other Persons Inhabitants of the said " FoCrofs, in the Parish of in the

Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting " County of was presented to the House, and

forth. That the Commissioners appointed by the said read; Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said

Act have proceeded to put the feme in Execution, to first mentioned Act, several Sums of Money have been

the great Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said borrowed on the Credit: of the Tolls, which, as also

Town, and Persons relorting thereto; and that the the Surplus of the Produce of the Tolls, after paying

Petitioners apprehend it would be it further Advantage the Interest of the Money borrowed, have been applied

and Convenience, if Power was given to the said Com- to the Repair of the said Road, and the feme has been

missioners to cause the several Streets and public Places, nearly completed; but that fbme of the Provisions ot

within the fuel Town, to be properly lighted, and to the said Act have, been found inconvenient; and that,

establish a Nightly Watch therein, and if such Amend- as well for the more effectual repairing the said Road,

ments and Alterations, as shall be found necessary, were and for keeping the same in Repair, as also for the better

jnade to the said Act: And therefore praying, That Security of the Creditors, it is necessary that the said Act:

Vat. 35. should

4 ]

1

fTbrtham

Road.

Iadosure*

544 i £ FebruariLA. 1776.

should be explained and amended, and the said Term farther enlarged; and that, in pursuance of the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and applied to the Repair of the said Road; and that the Repair of the said Road, which by the said Act is to terminate at Forche's Cross, ought to be continued from

thence, through the Parishes of Tingrave and to the Town of South Bovey, which cannot be done, nor any Part of the said Road be effectuallyRepaired, or kept in Repair, without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the * Tends and Powers of the said Acts, for making further Provisions for the Repair of the Roads respectively comprised therein, and for extending the Provisions respecting the Road comprised in the Act of Parliament last mentioned, from Forche's Cross to South; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred tQ Mr. Palk, Sir George Yonge, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Stiffen, through Cape//, Dorking, Mick/eham,

and Leatherhead, to the Watch-House in in

the County of Surrey, and from Cape// to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the 28 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Cape//, Dorking, Mick/eham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch-House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from CapeU to Slone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Jane Rooke, Widow, Lady of the Manor of Ifton, in the County of Monmouth, and an Owner and Proprietor of great Part of the Common Fields, and of the other Lands and Tenements, within the said Parish of Ifton, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Common Moors, Comtqon Meadows, Common Paf-tureSj and all other the Commonable Lands, within the hud Parish; and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the said Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open or Common Fields in which the Lands of the Petitioners and other Owners and Proprietors thereof lie intermixed; and allb Two certain Parcels or Tracts of Open Common Moor Land, called Moors, and likewise

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and in-doled: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other the Commonable Lands, within

the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall appear reasonable and proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Morgan and Mr. Hanbury do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Towns, Villages, or Hamlets, of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Towns, Villages, or Hamlets are become large and populous, and, from their Vicinity to the Metropolis, the Inhabitants thereof, and allb all Persons passing to and from the same in the Night-Time*, are much exposed to Robberies and other Outrages; and that it would be a great Security to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, Villages, or Hamlets, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass to and from the same in the Night-Time, if the Road from, and including,' the House in the Occupation of Henry Bethwin, in the Parish of Camberwell, leading from the Turnpike at IValworth, to and through Camberwell and Peckham, and ending at the Extremity of the Parish aforesaid, at the East End of Peckham, and allb the said Towns, Villages, or Hamlets of Camberwell and were

properly lighted and watched, and allb if the Pith for Foot Passengers eroding the North Fields from Peckham to Kent Street Road, and from thence to Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, was watched by a Foot Patrole, during certain Hours of the Night: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Leeds is very populous, and of large Extent, confiding of many Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, inhabited by Numbers of Tradesmen, Manu-fasturers, and others, who are obliged, in the Prosecution of their Business, to pals through the feme, as well in the Night as in the Day-Time; and that several Burglaries, Robberies, Outrages, and Disorders, have of late, been committed, and many more attempted, within the said Town; and that several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, are ill paved, dirty, narrow in several Parts, and greatly obstructed by Signs, Sign Polls, Penthouses, Cellar Holes, Cellar Windows, Polls, Row Windows, and other Project ions, extending into the same beyond the Line of the Houses, whereby the Passage is rendered extremely incommodious and dangerous for Passengers; and that it would tend to the Health, Safety, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others having Occasion to resort thereto, and of public Utility, if the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and widened where necessary, by taking down Part of feme Erections projecting into the said Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, and the Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances removed, and in future prevented: And therefore praying. That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa*.

mine

CamberwcQ and Peck bun Nigl&ly Witch, kc.

Leeds

Streets.

j

Bilron

Inclosure.

Bourton

lacloiure.

Coxrent Garden Theatre 5 Decayed Actors Fund*

16 Geo. III.

120 Februarii.

545

tninc the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Sum of Money is now in -

shall appear to them, to the House: cable to the above-mentioned the

And it is referred to Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savile, titidners have Keafon to , will and

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at that the Petitioners are that

Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and should be made for more effcduolly cflablishing and

fec the said Fund for the above-mentioned charitable Purposes, and which, cannot be

so properly done as by an Act And there-

fore praying, That Leave Bill for the above-mentioned

- 1 — 7

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, and Grounds, in the Township of , in the County of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in the said Town-ship, several Open Common Fields, Failures, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, which are intermixed, and very inconveniently situated, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners and others are desirous that the said Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, may be divided and inclosed, and that specific -Shares thereof may be allotted and assigned unto and amongst them in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to, their

may be given to bring in a ed Purposes, under such -

gulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the skid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee:And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Frank land, Mr.

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Directors, appointed in pursu-

respective Lands, Grounds, Tythes, Common Rights, ance of an A#, made in the lad Parliament,

and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and within the Hundreds of AFztfordand Launditch, in the inclosing the said Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, in the said Township read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are em-of Ri/ton, and for other Purposes to be therein contained, powered, by the said Act, to contract for the Purchase in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. of any Parcel of Common or Waste Land, not

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, in and ole the same for the Purposes pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that in the said A# mentioned, in Man-

Mr. Lascelles, Sir George Savi/e, and Sir Cecil Wray, ner directed by the said; and that the Petitioners

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. have proceeded in the Execution of the said A#, and

have made choice of a certain Piece or Parcel of -

MUfordp

ac.

Poor*

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Common or Waste Land, situate in the Parish of,

mon Lands, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and the Lady the Manor in which the said Common

Common Grounds* Commonable Lands, and Tythes, or Waste Land lies hath agreed that the same shall be lying and arising within the Fields, Liberties, Territo* inclosed for the Purposes of the said A#, but some ties, Precincts, and Townships of Great Bourtcnand Difficulties have ariten, in settling the Recompence and Little Bourtoti, in the Parish of Cropredy, in the Satisfaction to be made to the several Persons having

County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and Right of Common thereon; and the said A# has in read; Setting forth, That there is in the said Liber- other Respects been found defective: And therefore tics. Territories, and Townships, One large Open and praying. That Leave may be given to bring id a Bill Common Field, called or known by the Name of for amending the said >VCt, in such Manner as to the -Bourtoti Common Field, consisting of 57 Yard Lands House shall seem meet.

and an Half, or thereabouts, and containing together,. Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the 1 able. 1,500 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Lands _

and Grounds of the Petitioners and others. Land Owners A Petition of such of His Majesty’s Justices of the and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Peace for the County of Pembroke, whose Names are lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels in and over thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other the said Common Field, and are most of them incon- the Justices, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the same veniently situated; and produce but little Profit to the County, was presented to the House, and read;

Proprietors and Owners thereof, and are, in their pre- forth. That the Common Gaol belonging to the said lent Situation, incapable of Improvement: And therefore County (at is not only inconvenient tar

praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, the Purposes intended, but also an ancient Building, for dividing, inclosing, assigning, and allotting, the greatly gone to Decay, and in a very dangerous State, said Common Field, Common Meadows, Common and in a low, unhealthy, and confined Situation; and Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, that, at the Jaffc Cieneral Quarter Sessions of the Peace or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House held for the said County, it was the unanimous Opinion shall l'eem meet. of that Court, that a new Gaol for the County

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, was absolutely necessary, present; and

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that that the Castle of was a very proper and the Lord JVenman and Lord Charles Spencer, do prepare, fit Place for eretfffcing such new Gaol; and that die lame

and bring in, the lame. Court did order, that an Act of Parliament Ihou be

obtained, as well for purchasing the said Castle for A Petition of several Persons belonging to the Thea- making a new as also for erefling the said

tre Royal, Covent Garden, whose Names are thereunto Gaol at the Expence of And therefore

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill said Company, was presented to the House, and read; for purchasing the said Castle, or Part of the said Castle Setting forth. That, in the Year 1765, a Contribution and Premises af for or Building of

was let on Foot in order to establish a Fund for the the said new Gaol, and also for erecting the same Support of such Performers, belonging to the said Gaol, with fiaerh flowers and Authorities, and in such Company, as through Age, Infirmity, or Accident, Manner, and under such Regulations as to the House should want Assistance, or be obliged to retire from the thall seem meet. _ .

Stage, and for the-Relief and Support of Widows and Ordered, Tlint, the said be referred to the

Children of deceased Performers; and that a considerable Confederation of a And that they do exa-

Vojl. 35. - rr/mc

Go

5 4 6 i 2*Februarii. 17 7

mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anglesey A Petition of the Reverend Edward Hughes, Clerk,

oj.per Mine*. jn J3eha[f Gf himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Copper Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several considerable Mines of Copper in the said Isle of Anglesey, and that the Petitioner and other Persons, who have been concerned in railing Copper from the said Mines, have been obliged, on Account of the Want of Coals and other Fuel in the said Ille, to carry their Copper Ore, at a very considerable Expence, to other Places at a great Distance, where Coals pay no Duty, in order to be smelted; and that this heavy Expence, which the Petitioner and others necessarily incur on Account of the high Price of, and Duty on. Coals in the said Ille, is a great Discouragement, as well to the Owners and Proprietors of the said Mines, as to other Persons who might become Adventurers therein, and prevents them from raising the Quantity of Copper Ore, which would otherwise be raised from the said Mines; and that, if a Drawback was allowed of the Duties on Coals used in smelting the Copper Ore in the said Ille, in the same Manner as was granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of Queen , on all Coals uled in lmelting Copper and Tin Ores, within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, the Petitioner and other Persons would be enabled to work the Copper Mines in the said Ille more effectually, as well to the Advantage of the Owners and Adventurers, as of the Public in general: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to the Lord Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Desborough A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

Inclosure. mon pjeySj in the rarish of Desborough, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Sir George Robinson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

T.iardet’s A Petition of John L, of Great Suffolk Street, in Patent. the Parish of Saint Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Clerk, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That His present Majesty did, by His letters Patent, bearing Date the 3d Day of April, in the Thirteenth Year or His Reign, give and grant unto the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, His lole Privilege and Authority, to make, ule, exercise, and vend, a certain Composition, or Cement, for all the Branches concerning Buildings to which the same was applicable, with a certain Greale therein mentioned, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and that the Petitioner hath, pursuant to a Proviso in the said Letters Patent, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, described and ascertained the Nature of his said Invention, and in what Manner the dame is to be performed, and hath caused the same to be inrolled in his Majesty’s High Court of Chancery; and that the Petitioner hath employed a very considerable Part of his Time for many Years pall in bringing

the said Invention to Perfection, and hath but lately accomplished the fame, by making several Additions and Improvements therein, which are likely in Time to render the same of great public Utility, in the Improving and beautifying of Buildings, and in the other Purposes to which the same is applicable; but, by reason of the Difficulty the Petitioner is under in getting and teaching proper Workmen and others to make, ule, and vend, the said Composition, or Cement, the great Expence of the Materials whereof the same is made, and the Danger of having the said Invention counterfeited, and that several Years and repeated Proofs will be required, before any considerable Part of the Public can be fully convinced of the Utility of the said Composition, or Cement, and of their IntcrfelL to adopt the lame, the whole Term granted by the said Letters Patent will probably elaple, before the Petitioner can receive an Advantage equal to his Labour and Invention, unless the Term thereby granted be prolonged, and his Property in the said Invention better secured, for such Time as may enable him to obtain an adequate Recompence for his Labour and Expence:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Ule and Property of the said Composition, or Cement, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Colonies and Plantations Abroad, for a limited Time, and for other Purposes to be therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. John St. John, Mr. Lultrell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons interested in certain Purito* Low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes *c. of Puritan, Pawlett, Huntspill, Burnham, Berrow, South ^>ai‘ia»e Brent, East Brent, Mark, Wedmo Meare, Glaston St. John, Glaston St. BenediB, Wej Pennard, West Lyd-ford, East Lydford, Baltonsborough, Butleigh, Street, Walton, Ashcott, Shapwick, Cat cot t, Chilton, Eddington, Cufftnglon, and Woolavington, in the County of Somerset,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are certain Low Lands and Grounds, containing about 40,000 Acres, lying within the several Parishes and Places aforesaid, which, by reason of their low Situation, are much annoyed with Waters, for Want of a proper Drainage; and that, if the same were effectually drained, great Benefit would accrue, as well to the Petitioners as to the Public; and that the said Lands and Grounds cannot be effectually drained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John St. John, Mr. Lultrell,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Peniston Lord U.-per Melbourn in the Kingdom of Ireland, Thomas Finney, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, inclosur*-> Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and otherwise interested, in the Open and Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Upper Haddon, in the Parish of Bakewtll, and County of Derby, was present -

ed

a

i 6 Geo. III.

12* Februarii.

547

Stourbridge

Cnnal.

Ditto.

ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their pretent Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and it would lend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and incloting the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Edward Bentinck and Lord George do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Traders and other Inhabitants of the Borough of fVeulock, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worc to join the -

shire and Worceffershire Canal, at or near Stourton,

in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The , upon Penfnet Chare, - to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of fVordesley Brook, with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called The Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingsw'mford, in the said County of Stafford-, and that the Trade of the said Borough entirely depends upon a populous Neighbourhood, thef Inhabitants whereof are almost wholly employed in navigating Vessels upon the River Severn, or in the Coal, Iron, and Lime Trades, which are dependant upon one another, and who, by their said Employments, are enabled to get a sufficient Maintenance for themselves and Families; and that, should such Bill pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive that an almost total Stop will be put to the Coal Trade and Navigation, and the Iron and Lime Trade greatly reduced, and that great Numbers of the said Inhabitants will be necelfi-tated to go to distant Parts to seek Employ, by which Means the Country will be depopulated, the Land and Householders as well as Owners materially injured, and the Trade of the said Borough reduced to the lowest Ebb: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, and Manufacturers, in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, and Dudley, in the County of was

also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That very extensive and important Manufactories of Nails, and other considerable Branches in the Iron Trade, have been long established in the said Neighbourhood, on account of the Cheapness of Coals, and the Situation of the various Mills and Forges upon the River Stour-, and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been presented for making a Navigable Canal, from Stourbridge and the Coal Works in that Neighbourhood, to communicate with the and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and that the Petitioners are allured, from good Authority, that such Canal, if made, cannot be lup-plied with Water otherwise than by the Sources that now fall into that valuable River, and which, in Consequence, supply and support the several Mills and Forges thereon, and that such Canal, therefore, must of Necessity, if made, greatly hurt, if not entirely remove, the Iron Trade from that Part of the Country, by depriving the Mills and Forges of their Water, and by raising the Pri ce of Coals at the Pits; and that many Thousands

Vol. 25-

of poor People are etn ployed in the manufacturing Nails and other Articles in the said Neighbourhood, in consequence of such several N1 ills and upon The

Stonr, who, if such Mills and Forges are rendered ule-less, will be destitute of Employ, to the Ruin of themselves and Families, and to the great Injury of that Part of the Country; and that the Petitioners are informed no material Advantages will arise to the Public by the making of such CanaJ, the Country being already, by Means of the present Navigations, supplied with Coals at very reasonable Rates: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pals into a Law.'

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the and Wor-

ceJlershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to cofn m u nicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Brook

with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black T>elph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, intbe said County of,

be read a Second Time.

Lord Edward Bentinck reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michaels, otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington

End, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of dpril 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto -, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bui, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BHi, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Christopher Sykes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and of IWarle Sykes, his eldest Son, an Infant of the Age of Four Years or thereabouts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the I^arish of in the County of York, several Open and Uninclosed Fields, Wolds,

and Grounds, containing 5,000 Acres, or thereabouts, and also Two several Rarcels of Inclosed Grounds, the one containing 200 Acres, or thereabouts, and the other containing 140 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said several Fields, \Vblds, and Open and Inclosed Grounds, and the Tythes thereof, are now let to different Tenants, at the Yearly Rent of £. 540, or thereabouts, after deducting a certain Fee Farm Rent issuing therefrom, and a stipendiary Payment to the Curate of Sledmire; and that it would be an Improvement to the Petitioner’s Estate, if the said Fields, Wolds, and Open Grounds, were inclosed and fenced, and the said Inclosed Grounds altered and otherwise divided, and if proper and convenient Roads and Ways were let out and appointed, and Reservoirs for Water provided in and over the fame, and if Farm Houses and other Conveniences

Sutton

Su Micluel’s Inclosure,

Sykes’

Mortgage

011

Sledmire

Inclosure.

548 I2° Februarii. A. 1776.

veniences and Requisites were made, which the Petitioner is willing to do, provided he is enabled to charge the lame, with the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining of an Act for that Purpose, and the completing of the said Inclosure; and that the Wife of the Petitioner is contenting, in case Ihe should survive the Petitioner, to have and receive, out of the Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Slcdmire (limited to her in Part of her Jointure) a sufficient Annuity, or Yearly Rent Charge, in lieu of her Life Estate; and that the Petitioner,- and the Persons who may become entitled to all or any of the Estates expectant upon the Death of the Petitioner, have no Power to let Leases of the same Estates, or to make Exchanges thereof, nor is the Petitioner’s Wife at Liberty to accept any Annuity, or Yearly Payment, to be issuing out of all or any of the Estates limited to her, byWay of Jointure, in lieu of such Estates; and that it may be beneficial to the Petitioner and the said several Persons, if Power was given to let Leases of all or any of the said Estates, and to make exchanges of the fame, or any Part thereof, and the Petitioner’s said Wife to be at Liberty to accept of a sufficient Annuity, in lieu of all or any of the said Estates lo limited to her as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Eden and Sir George do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Trent and . A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Mersey Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, was pre-Navigation. fcntet] to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Sixth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, proceeded to make a Navigable Canal from the River to the River Mersey,

and have completed 82 Miles thereof, and within that Distance have made the great Tunnel through

Hill, of the Length of 2,850 Yards, and the-Tunnel through Preston Hill, of the Length of 1,241 Yards, and also all the Locks necessary for this Canal, and are proceeding to complete the Remainder of the said Canal with all possible Expedition; and that, by proper Surveys lately taken, it appears that the said Canal may be extended, by a Branch from a certain Part thereof already made on the South Side of Harecajile, in the County of Stafford, by Hanlay and Norton, to Chedleton, from whence a raised Way may be made, for the Conveyance of Coals, Stone, and other Goods, from such Canal, to a Place called The and from thence

the said Canal may be continued to or near several Limeworks and Lime-stone Quarries at or near in the said County, whereby the Conveyance of Coals, Lime, Lime-stone, Timber, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, will be facilitated and rendered leis expensive, and the Utility of the Undertaking authorized by the said former Acts will be greatly increased to the Public; and that, if Powers were given to make raised Ways, from the said proposed Canal or Branch, to the several Coal Mines and Lime-stone Quarries lying near the Course of the said Branch, it would also be of Advantage to the Public; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to extend, continue, make, and complete, such new proposed Canal or Branch, and raised Ways, at their own Expence, and to perform such Things as shall be necessary for the supporting, maintaining, and rendering the same effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to execute the several Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Conficferation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bacon, he.:

And they are to meet To-morrow-Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are Salford thereunto subscribed, Trustees for the Time being of Charity, certain Lands, lying and being in in the County Palatine of Lancaster, granted and conveyed by Humphrey Booth, heretofore of Salford, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for the Relief of such Poor, Aged, Needy, or Impotent People, as for the Time being should inhabit or dwell within the Borough or Town of Salford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the great Increase of the Manufacturers and other Inhabitants within the Town of Manchester, all the Land which lies convenient for building upon in the said Town is capable of very great Improvement; and that the said Trust Estate lies in such a convenient Situation, as to give the Petitioners the fairest Prolpeft of greatly improving the lame, and increasing the Charity, provided they arc enabled to grant Leases thereof for a Term of Years sufficient to encourage Builders and others to take the lame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring ill a Bill to enable the Petitioners to grant Leases of the said Lands, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Stanley and Sir Thomas Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Mand*fl«. thereundet written, Subscribers or Contributors to a Streets. Fund for the widening, opening, and enlarging, certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is not only very large and populous, but is much relorted to by Strangers, as the principal Market for the various Manufactures established and carried on in the said Town and Neighbourhood thereof; and that -the several Avenues approaching to The Exchange, where the Merchants and Manufacturers retort 011 Market Days, particularly the Streets called The Old Mill Gate and The Saint Mary's Gate, are very narrow and inconvenient, and that it would tend greatly to the Convenience, not only of the Inhabitants of the said Town, but of the Public in general, if the said Streets could be widened and enlarged, and if a new Street could be opened, between the said Exchange and a Street or Place called Saint Ann's Square in Manchester; and that the Petitioners have entered into a Subscription, whereby they have raised the Sum of £. 10,790, and upwards, to be laid out in the widening and opening such Streets, and in the Purchase of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, necessary to be taken down and laid open for that Purpose; but that several of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, belong to public Charities, or are in strict Settlement, or otherwise so circumstanced, that no lawful Content can be obtained for the taking down the fame, nor can the same be purchased by the Petitioners, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the widening and enlarging the said Streets, called The Old Mill Gate and The Saint Mary's Gate, and for opening a new Street between The Exchange and Saint Ann's Square, within the said Town of Manchester, and other Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

16 Ordered,

16 Geo. III. r 2° Februarii. 549

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Sir ’Thomas

Eger ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anglesey A Petition of Sir John Stanley, Baronet, was pre-

Roads. (ented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That,

in the last Session of Parliament, an Act was passed for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey; and representing to the House, that there are certain Powers contained in the said Act, which, the Petitioner conceives, are not necessary, and, in Consequence of such Powers, the said Trustees have ordered a Wall or Embankment to be made, at a Place called Cricklas, in the Parish of Llanynghenedle, under Pretence that the same is necessary for the Safety and Convenience of Persons and Carriages passing to and from Holyhead, but such Wall or Embankment is not yet made; and that the Petitioner is Owner of certain Lands and Grounds lying near the Place where the said Wall or Embankment is proposed to be made, and should the same be made the Petitioner and his Tenants must be great Sufferers; and that a Road may be made shorter than the present Road, and which would at all Times be convenient and lafe for Travellers and Carriages, without making the pro-poled Wall or Embankment, which will be a leis Expence than the proposed Wall, or Embankment, and Road, proposed to be made by the said Trustees; and that, during the passing of the Bill in the last Session of Parliament, being, from several Circumstances, under Apprehensions that some additional Powers might be given which would affect his Property, he had intended to petition the House against the said Bill; but on receiving Assurances from the Person who was employed as Agent for, and solicited, the said Bill, that nothing was intended that could at all affect the Property of the Petitioner, and the Clauses under which the Trustees think themselves authorized to make the said Wall or Embankment being only in general Words, without specifying the particular Work which is now intended to be made, the Petitioner, relying on those Assurances, did not make any Application to the House, or oppose the Bill, which he would have done if he had understood that, under any general Words, the Trustees could be authorized to make such Wall or Embankment, or do any other Work to the Prejudice of his Estate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the said Trustees from making the proposed Wall or Embankment, or any other Work whatsoever, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Stanley, Sir Thomas Eger ton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records j and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Southampton Mr. James Grenville, from the Select Committee Elo&ion. wj1Q were appointed to try and determine the Merits Vol. 35.

of the Petition of many of the Inhabitants of the Town of Southampton, having a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the said Town, on Behalf of themselves, and others, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Fleming, Hi quire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Southampton,

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the Occupiers of Marsh Lands, Mea« Sandwich dow Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Valley of Drainage,

(containing 3,210 Acres and an Half, or thereabouts) within the Limits of the Commission of Sewers for several- Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill hath been presented, to enable the Commissionert of Sewers for the said Limits to make a Cut, or Drain, at or near the Salt Works at , from the River Stour, into Sandwich Haven, and for other Purposesj and that the Petitioners have been informed, that many of the Inhabitants of the Town of,

within the said Limits, have signed, or intend to sign, a Petition, against the making of the said Cut, or Drain, under a Pretence that the fame, if effected, will be of Prejudice to the Lands in the said Valley of Lydden; but the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the making of such Cut, or Drain, from the said River Stour, at or near the said Salt Works, into Sandwich Haven, will not only be for the Benefit of the Lands in the General Vallies within the said Limits, but also of great Service to the Lands in the said Valley: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Bill* so far as the same relates to the making of the said Cut, or Drain, at or near the said Salt Works at Stonar, into Haven

aforesaid, may be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Vallies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the limits aforesaid, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put m Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th tear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Ferry, in the County of Worcester, to the Hundred House, and from thence " to Monks Bridge, in the Road to the Town 01 Tenbury, and from the said Hundred House to the said " Town of Tenbury, in the said County," and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, was presented- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tniftees appointed to put the said Act in Execution hare borrowed, at Interest, several Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made in the Repairs thereof; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Monies due on the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, and the Tolls and Duties thereby given, be further continued, altered, and enlarged, and the iaid Ad made more effectual; and that, in pursuance of an Act made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a Bridge hath been built across the River Severn, at a Place called Stourport, in the District of , and a

Road or Avenue hath been made, from the West End

7 A of

Redstone

Fetry

to

TenV>ury

Road»'

550 12° Februarii. A. 1776.

ludfttone Ferry of the said Bridge, to a Place called Areley

*° in the Road leading to the Hundred and

£ad7 the said Ferry or Passage across the said River is now totally flopped, and the Road leading therefrom, as already laid out, is become useless; and it would be of public Utility to divert the said Road, so as to communicate with the said Avenue leading from the Well End of the said Bridge, but some Doubts have arisen, whether the Powers of the said Act are sufficient to impower the Trustees to do the same without further Explanation and Amendment; and that there, are several other Restrictions, which have proved very prejudicial to the said Roads, and that the said Roads cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the present Tolls; and that, by an Act passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing, altering, and amending. Two Acts, of the 12th of King George the First, and the 10th of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Worcester, and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, the Road leading from Knight if ord Bridge, to a House in the Possession of

Mailer George Southall, in Red Mar ley, in the Parish of Great tVitley, was taken into, and made Part of, the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Worcester Turnpike Acts, but the same is, by the said Act of the 7th of His present Majesty, made separate and independent of all or any of the other Roads directed to be repaired by the said therein-mentioned former Acts; and that the present Act, and the Tolls arising upon the said Road, and all Monies which should be borrowed on the Credit thereof, are directed to be applied in amending and keeping the same Road in Repair, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences attending the feme, distinct and separate, in all respects whatsoever, from any other Part of the Roads directed to bd repaired by the said therein-mentioned former Acts, or that Act; and that the Sum of£.1,750 hath been borrowed at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Road leading from

foyd Bridge, which hath been laid out in repairing the feme, but the said Road is not effectually amended; and that the feme lies remote from and the

Bufinefe attending the Direction and Management thereof hath been transefted at the Hundred House aforesaid, separate and independent from the other Parts of the Worcester Turnpike Roads, but it hath been found difficult to get a sufficient Number of Trustees, authorized by the said Worcester Turnpike Acts, to attend and make a Meeting for transacting the Business thereof, and the same is thereby attended with a very great Inconvenience and Delay; and it will be for the Good of the said Road, and of public Utility, to have the feme Road taken out of the Worcester Turnpike Acts, and included in, and made Part of, the said Hundred House Turnpike Road, and the Trustees of the said Worcester Turnpike, and also the Mortgagee of the Tolls, are consenting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act, and for altering, amending, and explaining, the feme Act, and for taking out of the said Worcester Turnpike Acts the said Road leading from Knigktsford Bridge, to a House in the Possession of Mailer George Southall, in Red Mar ley, and including the said Road in, and making the same Part of, the Hundred House Turnpike Road,

in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

20

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Exe- KMdetminfUr cution an Act of Parliament, made in the 33d Year koads. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from " the Market House in the Town of " in the County of Worcester-sand of the Mortgagees of the Tolls or Duties granted by the said Act; and also of the Inhabitants of the Borough of aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto (ub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have, in pursuance of the Powers given them, borrowed at Interest several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Monies owing on the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, and the Tolls and Duties thereby given, be further continued, altered, and enlarged, and the said Act made more effectual; and that the Road leading from the Mill Street, in the Town of Kiddermiufter, to the Avenue at the East End of Stourport Bridge, and also the Road leading from the said East Avenue, through the Village of Mitton and the Parish of Hartlehury, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Kiddermiufter aforesaid, to Bromf in the said County, at or near the Village of Stone, and also the Road leading from a Place called The Hoo Brooke, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the said County, to a certain Place called Broad Waters, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster aforesaid, towards Stourbridge, are in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that a certain Tenement in the Town of Kidderminster, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Widnell, being the Corner House of a

Range of Buildings called Behindjhops, (lands in the Road leading from the Market House in the said Town, to Blakedown, and Part of another Tenement lying near the Bridge in the said Town, and now in the Occupation of Edward Pebody, in the Road leading from the said Market House to Wribbenhall, and also Two Cottages in the Park Butts, within the Borough of Kiddermiufter, in the Occupation of Joseph Chambers and Walter Perry, in the same Road, are great Annoyances to the said respective Roads, and render the Passage for Carriages very narrow and incommodious, and to remove the feme would be of general public Utility; and that it would be much more convenient, and of public Utility, to divert that Part of the Road leading from the Town Hall in Kidderminster aforesaid to Goodness, which lies within the Borough of Kidderminster, and to take the same through The Vicars Street in Kidderminster aforesaid; but, by an exprefe Clause in the said recited Act, the Trustees are restrained from entering into any Garden for the Purpose of widening the said Roads; and, by the said recited Act, the Trustees are restrained from erecting Toll Gates, or taking Toll, between certain Places therein mentioned, which Restrictions have proved very prejudicial to the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said recited Act, and for altering, amending, and explaining, the same Act, and for repairing the said additional Roads, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

nd it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, Sue.:

And

16 Geo. IIL i 2°Februarii. 55

' And they, are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of thay be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and -

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power doling the said Lands and Grounds, to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. lationsas the Houseshall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, KidJcrminster A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Road* and Borough of Bewd/ey, in the County of Worcester, Mr. Lygoit and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring and of the several other Persons whole Names are in, the lame, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, A Petition of the Merchants, and other Wbrkiogton

an Application is making, or intended to be made, principal Inhabitants, of the Town of in Harbour.

by the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House,

Act of Parliament, made in the 33d Year of the and read; Setting forth. That the said Town is a Pof{

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in- of very considerable Trade, and conveniently situated tituled, " An Act for amending, widening, and keep- for the Reception of Ships and VeUels navigating the " ing in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Irish Seas, in Cafes of DiBrels by Storms# or otherMarket House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the wife, in which respect it would be the Means of VCounty of lVorcefterfor Leave to bring in a Bill ing the Lives of many of His Majesty’s Subjects, if for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the the Harbour was made capable of holding Vessels of laid Ad, and for making certain additional Roads; more considerable Burthen; and that, if the said Har-and that, by an Act, made in the 7th Year of the hour was properly deepened, enlarged, and secured, it Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing, alter- would be veiy beneficial to the Trade of the Petitioners, ing, and amending, Two Acts of Parliament, of the be a Means of increasigfl* His Majesty s Revenue, and 12th of King George the First, and the 10th of his the Number of Seamel&anci of great public;

late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into and that several Sums of AToney have been borrowed, the City of Worcester, and for amending several other and othenyife raised, for the Amendment, Preservation,

Roads near or adjoining thereto, a certain Road lead- and Security, of the said Harbour, which have been ing from TittonBrook to the Hamlet of fVribbenhall, duly applied; but, by reason of the great Increase of where it joins the great Road from Kidderminster to the Trade of the said Town, the said Harbour is be-Wribbenhall, was, with other Roads, directed to be come much too finall, and has been rendered iucom-repaired by the said Act, but the Tolls thereby granted modious, by high Tides, Storms, and Land Floods,

% have been found insufficient for railing Money to re- and is in Danger of being destroyed by the River pair the last mentioned Road, and the same is in many Derwent's breaking out of its present Courier And Places founderous and bad; and it would be a great therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring Convenience and Advantage to the said Town of in a Bill for amending, enlarging, preterving, and fe*

Bewdley, and of public Utility, to repeal so much of curing, the said Harbour, and for paying off and the said Act of the 7th of His present Majesty, as re- discharging the several Sums of Money borrowed and Jates to the said last mentioned. Road, and to include applied as aforesaid, by a Duty on Shipping, Coals, the same in, and make it a Part of, the Kidderminster Wares, and Merchandises, in such Manner as to the Turnpike Roads; and the Trustees of the said tVor- House shall seem meet. cester Turnpike, and also the Trustees of the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-KidderminsterTurnpike, are consenting thereto, and the li derat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine laid Road was originally intended to be included in the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall the said Petition from the Trustees of the said Kidder- appear to them, to the House:

minster Turnpike, but through feme Mifepprehension And it is referred to Nfr. Anthony Bacon, Mr. Laf-or Mistake, the same is omitted therein: And there- celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-fore praying. That Leave may be given to add the ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Road lying between Tilton Brook and the Foot of and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Re-Bewdley Bridge, in the Hamlet of iVribbenhall, to the cords; and all who come to the Committee are to have additional Roads comprised in the said Petition of the Voices.

Trustees of the Kidderminster Turnpike, and that the.

fame Road may be included in the Bill prayed by such A Petition of the several Persons whole Hands are Crick Petition to be brought into the House for repairing sech thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors or, nc o ur . additional Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall or otherwise intereffced in, the Open and Common seem meet. Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Estates, or

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and within the Parish. and Liberties of Crick, in the Consideration of the Committee to whom the last pre- County of , was presented to the House,

ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine and read. Setting forth. That the said Lands and El-the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it tatesof the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common shall appear to them, to the House. Fields, lie inconveniently intermixed and

and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any Rouflench A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Estates, considerable Improvement; and it would be very ad-and within the Manors or Lordships of Rouflench and vantageous to the several Persons interested therein

Incbfure Radford, in the Parish of Rouflench, and in the Manor of if the feme were divided and inclosed, and specific

nc u Hoblenc/i, otherwise Abbotjlench, in the Parish of Flad- Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors there-bury, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are of, according to their respective Rights and Interests thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be others, was presented to the House, and read; Set- given to bring in Bill for dividing and inclosing

ting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, or the said Open and Common Fields, and other Com-Lordships, and Parishes, several Open Common Fields, monable Lands and JEflates, in such Manner as to the Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, House shall feern meet.

belonging to the Petitioners, and others, which, in Ordered, That Leave be bring in a pur-

their present Situation, are incapable of any consider- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. able Improvement; and that if the same were divided Knightley and Mr- and bring in, the

and inclosed, it would be of great Benefit to the Peti- feme.

tioners, and the several other Owners and Persons < .

interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave An ingrafted Bill foe naturalizing Charles Godfrey nicker,

Vol. 35. IVo/ff Su.

GoCVgJ^'

Crowcombe

Indofurt.

Woodftone

inclosure.

Wighgate

and

Hampflead

Xoads.

552

12° Februarii. 1776.

Wolff and John Adam Hecker, was read the Third Time.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff and

John Adam Hecker.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill ta the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, James

nard, Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Reverend Henry Lockett, Clerk, was presented to the Hoilfe, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are interested in, and entitled unto, certain Open and uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called or known by the Names of Heath

Field, and Heddon, in the County of and

allb another large Open and uncultivated Tract of Land and Waste Ground, Parcel of Hills,

situate within the Parish of Crowcombe aforesaid; and that the said Open and uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, in their present State, are of very little Advantage, and incapabk of Improvement; but that the lame, if properly divided and inclosed, may be made of considerable Value, which will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, but also of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the dividing and inclosing the said Open and uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, and for such Aid and Assistance in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Elwes, Mr. Phelips, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of Middlemore Ward, Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of Woodjlo in the County of Huntingdon, and entitled to the Great and Small Tythes, and to the Glebe Land, within the said Parish of Woodstone, and also Patron of the said Rectory, and

of Thomas Vaughan, Esquire, James Delarue, Esquire, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, the Owners and Proprietors of the greatest Part of the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dif-perled, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners and others interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Petitioners, and the several other Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Coipmonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Benyon and Mr. Wyldbore do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, of* the Third and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 7th, 8th, 26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, in the County of , and for

making a new Road, from the great Northern Road at

Islington, to the Edgware Road, near Paddington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a very considerable Sum of Money on the Tolls and Duties by the said Acts granted, which has bjen laid out in repairing the said Roads, and other Purposes of the said Acts; and that the Money now due on the Credit of the said Acts cannot be repaid, or the said Roads effectually kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged j and that the several Roads leading to High-gate Gate House and Hampstead, in the said Acts mentioned, are very inconvenient and dangerous to Travellers who have Occasion to travel the said Roads in the Night-time, being much infefted with Robbers, which might be in a great Measure prevented, and the Lives and Properties of Passengers rendered fe-Cure, if the Petitioners were empowered to watch and light the fame; and that it would much conduce to the Convenience of Persons passing the Lid Roads, and the Inhabitants of Houses on the Sides thereof, if the Petitioners were further empowered to water the lame, and authorized to collect and' take a reasonable additional Toll for the Purposes aforesaid: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penton, Mr. Frederick Montagu, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Hend, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner and James Oswald, Esquire, were Candidates at the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Fife, in Scotland, in place of General Scott, which was held on Wednesday the 24th January 1776; and that, at the said Election, Sir John Anjlruther, Baronet, was chosen Prsefes of the Meeting by the Petitioner’s Friends, who were a clear Majority upon the Poll, as made up at the previous Meeting; and, after the Choice of Praefes and Clerk, the Freeholders present having next proceeded to adjust the Roll, by striking off such as were dead or diverted of their Estates, or such as refused to take the Oath of Trull and Possession, in Terms of the Act in the 7th of the late King, Four of the Petitioner’s Voters, and the same Number on the other Side, were thereby found disqualified, which still left the Majority with the Petitioner; Fifty-nine of the Freeholders present being for him, and only Fifty-five against him; and that an Objectioti having been moved against another of Mr. s

Voters, viz.William Melvil, of Greigston, the same was

unjustly over-ruled by the Meeting, and the said William Melvil was continued on the Roll, although he ought to have been expunged, having been admitted as the Husband of an Heirels, who was now diverted of her Estate, in Favour of her Son, by her former Marriage; and that the next Step was to admit such Claimants for new Inrolment as produced sufficient Titles; Three appeared on the Side of the Petitioner, and Six for Mr. Oswald; Two of the Petitioner’s Claimants were admitted without Objection, the Third was objected to, and, upon examining his Titles, it was thought that they were insufficient, and therefore the Meeting refused to inrol him; of the Six Claimants, on the other Side, Four were admitted without any Objection: the Fifth, James Rutherford, was objected

to,.

Fife

Eledio*.

1

i 6 Geo. III.

12a Fsbruarii.

553

Call of the House.

Supply.

to, as - not having sufficiently instructed that his Lands were of the Valuation required by Law; the Objection, however, was over-ruled, and he was admitted upon the Roll; the last of Mr. Oswald's Claimants, Captain Hugh Dalrymple, was objected to, as not having pro-

duced a legal Title, and it came to a Vote of the Meeting, whether he should be inrolled or not at this Period; including those who had been newly inrolled, the Petitioner had Sixty-one Voters on the Roll, and Mr. Oswald had Sixty; but one of the Petitioner’s

Friends having declined taking the Oath, commonly called the Meeting House Oath, tendered to him by virtue of the Ad 19th Geo. II. Cap. 38, his Vote was difeounted, and other Two of the Petitioner’s Friends, not understanding the Question, threw away their Votes, whereby it carried by a Majority of Two to inroll Captain Dalrymple, though he had been kept off at a former Meeting; and that Mr. Oswald came thereby to have Sixty-one Voters on the Roll, including the said William Melvil, James Rutherford, and Hugh Dal-

rymple; and the Petitioner had Sixty, including the Prefes, and exclusive of the Person who refused taking the Meeting House Oath; and that, the Roll having been then called for the Choice of Member, Mr. Oswald's Sixty-one Friends voted for him, and the other Sixty for the Petitioner, whereby the Election was apparently carried for Mr. Oswald, by One of Majority; but the Petitioner entered a Protest against Mr. Oswald's being returned, and that he himself was duly elected by the legal Majority, in respect of the Ob-jedions that lay to some of Mr. Oswald's Voters; and Sir John Anfruther, the Praefes, did at the same Time declare publicly that he gave his calling Voice in Favour of the Petitioner, in case, upon any After-dif-cuffion of the Votes, it should appear there was an equal Number on each Side; and, in Token thereof, he signed the Protest; notwithstanding which, the said James Oswald has been returned as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said County of Fife, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner; who therefore prays the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were lent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Wednesday Fortnight, the 28th Day of this Instant

February.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-jc-fty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVtduefdayMorn-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. ...VpL. 35.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole «ul Mean*,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; 1 <

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Srroudwater Counsel upon the Second Reading of the Bill to Navigation, amend an Act, pafi’ed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of " ter, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to " IVallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same " County ;" and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wall-bridge aforesaid.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in ’ 1

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, against the Bill, examined several other Witnessfes, in support of the Petitions against the Bill; and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel For the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses in support of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^r* i 52.

(Sir William Gut:i J

Tellers for the Noes rhomas I

(Mr. Barrow. J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Mr. Southwell,

Sir William. Gui/er &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to make a y^micte Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Street*. Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing> lighting, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within, the City and Liberty of fer, and Parts adjacent.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, in the Execution of the said Acts, the Petitioners find, that some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made thereto, with regard to the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants with Water, and that some further Powers and Regulations are wanting, to enable the Petitioners to effectually fulfil the Intention of Parliament in granting the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be ‘referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Sir Charles -

7 B worth.

11.

4.

is

554 12° — 13* Februarii. A. 177 6.

worth. See.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; And,

Cornwall^ to cna^c His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, * and Grahts, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments,

Parcel: of the Duchy ot , or annexed to the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-Moming, Ten of the Clock.

Martisj 130 die Februarii;

Sums of Money for augmenting the fame; from which Benefactions and Subscriptions of Performers and others belonging to the said Theatre, the Managers of the said Fund have not only been enabled to relieve many Objects of this Charity, but are now possessed of 3,400 in the public Funds, together with a Dwelling House, situate in Drury Lane, let at the Yearly Rent of f. 50, and have also some Money in the Hands of their Treasurer, all which are veiled in Trustees, and applicable to the Purposes aforesaid.

That the Persons chosen to manage this Charity have extended the same to the occasional Alfiftatice of Persons belonging to the said Theatre, in calc of Sick-ness; and to the Relief and Support of any Widows and Children of deceased Performers, who shall appear proper Objects thereof.

The Witness further said. That he knows the State of the Fund perfectly well, being Secretary to the Persons appointed to manage the lame; and that the said Managers and other Persons interested therein, are delirous that effectual Provision should be made to prevent any Misapplication or Embezzlement thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir Grey Cooper, Mr. Burke, Mr. PJgby, Mr. Elwes, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anno 16* Georgii IIPU Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Duties Q1R Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, aeon rj cording to Order, a Bill to continue, for a further Tallow, Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His pre-c- sent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liardet’s A Bill for naturalizing John Liardet, was read a Nat. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Sir Charles Whitworth,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Drury Lane Sir Grey Cooper reported from the Committee, to Theatre whom the Petition of several Persons belonging to His D*C*Fund?°ri Majesty’s Company of Comedians of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Company, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} ami had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Johnston, being examined, informed your Committee, That, in the Year 1766, a Contribution was begun by tire Patentees and other Persons belonging to the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, in order to establish a Fund for the Relief and Support of such Performers and other Persons belonging to thp said Theatre, as, through Age, Infirmity, or Accident, should be obliged to retire from the'Stage.

That the Patentees of the said Theatre have contributed to the said Fund, by Benefit Plays and otherwise; and that some other Persons, not belonging to the said Theatre, have geoerously given confident^ . 21

Mr. Lifter reported from the Committee, to whom, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and others, residing near, or frequently travelling, the Road from a certain Place called The Market in the Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, both in the County of Lancaster, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the feidTetition, Mr. Henry Heaton, being examined, said. That the said Road, leading from a certain Place called The Market Cross, in the Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and mountainous in several Places, and cannot be diverted, as is greatly necessary in some Parts, and effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair in other Parts, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from The Market Cross, in the Township of , to Salford Bridge,

in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Lifter and Mr. Asheton Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Clithero*

Ac.

Road.

Mr. John Morgan reported from the Committee, to grecjnioclc whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough Streets, Sec. and T'own of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock,

was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Hugh Gold, being examined, said. That the said Town and Borough is very ill supplied with Water, and often in Danger from Fire for want erf a sufficient Supply thereof} and that Water might he brought to supply the

feid

J

16 Geo. III.

laid Town and Borough, by means of Pipes, at an ealy

- Expence.

That the Streets and other public Passages within the said Town and Borough are very ill paved and cleansed, and many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed in the Night-time, for want of the same being properly lighted; and the same are greatly obstruded by many Projections, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

That the supplying the said Town with Water, and better paving, cleansing,' widening, and lighting the said Streets and public Passages, and taking down and removing the Obstructions, and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, will be of great Benefit, Safety, and Advantage, not only to the inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, but to all Persons resorting thereto, and will be of public Convenience.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of , and

liberties thereof with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening, and making commodious, same of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages:. And that Mr. John Morgan, Mr. , and

Mr. Van, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BUckibora A. Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lutlofurr. Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties, of in the

Parish of Ambrojden, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , the Lord Wetiman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

IjikI T*x; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mistaketiu rectifying Mistakes in the Names of foveral of the C°T^amM.erS* Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britfor the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-fiveand for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six: And that Sir Whitworth and Sir Joseph do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Militia. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1776.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

- ‘ Voj. 35*

555

Mercurii, *4° Februarii;

Anno 16* Georgii III’11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

The House being informed, that Mr. Byrne (from. Account the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at presented; the Door; he was called in and, at the Bar, pre- ^aifins>ato fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net Quantity of Raisins and Currants imported into England, in the Years 1772,

1773, aQd 1774> together with the Allowances made for Damages thereon in each Year j distinguishing each Port.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and Cockayne’* his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Name. Frith only, pursuant to the "Will of Neighbour Frith,

Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Com- Rufhton mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rushton Spencer Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, lnd#fure* was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton Curz, on, Mr. Lyttelton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Land Tax; cording to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by Name*, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act. made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the ‘c Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-fiveand for appointing other Commilr sioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, Cor granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Taac, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hunr dred and Seventy-six:; And the same was received $ and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Towji of Derby Sheffield, and of the Townships of Ecclesal Byerley, and thm* Hallam-Nether, in the Bari Hi of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, on Behalf of Roi<"* themselves and many other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the 29th Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the W'hitc Stoop, near the North End of the Town of JDerby, through the Towns of Duff eld and Chesterfield, and other Roads therein mentioned,

in the Counties of Derby and , the Trustees

thereby appointed are restrained from eroding any Turnpike or Toll Gate nearer to the Town of Sheffield than the Mill JVheef jxt fJealey Bridge, in the County of

York;

130 — 14* .

Derby

tlu-o'

Dtifticld,

Ro«ds.

556 14 0 Februarii.A. 1776.

York; which Restriction, the Petitioners conceive, was The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Exporting intended to leave the Communication from Sheffield and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Pr0V,&o,w* Ecclesal to another Road leading to Upper Healy, and consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders from thence to Gleadlafs, and other adjacent Parishes of the Town and County of Poole, praying to be permitted and Places, free and open to and from the said Town to export Provisions and other necessaries, for the Use of and Parish of Sheffield; and the Petitioners believe the the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland and the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road understood they Places adjacent, and of the several other Petitions referred had no Power to place any Bar in Iiealy nearer to to the Consideration of the said Committee;

Sheffield than the Mill Wheel, and that the said Bar Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-, was continued in its lirft Situation for some Time, and night, rclblve itself into the said Committee, in that Time the Road to and from Sheffield and the

Township of Ecclesal Byer/ey towards Upper Healy and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply.

Gleadlafs, remained free and open to and from the said to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Townships of Sheffield and Ecclesal Byerley, but,' after consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, having continued there for some Time, the said Truf- be now read.

fees cauled the said Toll Gate to be removed to a And the said Order being read accordingly;

Place beyond the said Mill Wheel, and nearer to the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-laid Town of Sheffield, so as to intercept the said Road ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee, to and from Upper Healy and Gleadlafs, and a Toll was

exacted for passing the said removed Bar to and from Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to w»y»

Upper Healy and Gleadlafs; and that afterwards the Cud resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meant.

Trustees, to avoid a Ford and Stream of Water running consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

from the said Mill (the Bridge then standing over the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

said Mill Goyte being only a Horse and Foot Bridge, - And the said Order being read accordingly;

and incapable of receiving a Cart or Carriage) cauled . Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

anew Road to be made through some Grounds lying ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

by the Side of the River, and ereefted a Carriage

Bridge near the End thereof, and demolished the said A Petition of the Manufacturers, Traders, Free- Stourbridge old Bridge over the Mill Goyte, and barred up the old holders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Canal. Road to Sheffield, and then having removed the said Dudley, in the County of Wwcester, and the Neighbour-Toll Gate from its last mentioned Situation, they fixed hood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; it at the Entrance of the said new Road, and thereby sub- Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the jeefred the Petitioners, and all others passing through the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill feme Gate with Ilorles, Carts, and Carriages, to and from for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or Sheffield and Ecclesal Byerley, to and from Upper Healy and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Wor-Gleadlafs, to pay Toll for passing the said last mentioned cester, to join the and Canal,

Toll Gate; and that some of the Petitioners and others, at or near St our ten, in the County of Stafford-, and also having been several Years aggrieved with ’Exactions of Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens,

Toll for passing the last mentioned Bar, placed in the Two upon PenfChace, to communicate with the intended

last mentioned Situations, made their Complaint to the Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the Justices of the Peace of the West Riding of the County River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black

of York, in their General Quarter Sessions, of the said Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned

Abuse Or Excess of Power in the said Trustees, and the collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays,

said Justices did adjudge the said Complaint to be true, in the Parish of in the said County of

and the said Court did order the Sheriff of the County Stafford-, and that the Petitioners likewise observe, by

of York to remove the said Toll Bar, pursuant to the the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, by the fe-

Directions of the Act of the Thirteenth Year of His veral Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

present Majesty’s Reign; and the Petitioners observe, residing in and near the Town of Dudley, in the County

from the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for enlarging the of Wor cester, and concerned and interested in Lands,

Term and Powers of the said Act of the 29th Year of the Mines, Trade and Manufactures there, praying that Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and the Branch, which is intended by the said Bill to be the Petitioners are apprehentive that some Attempt wifi made to Black Delph aforesaid, may be extended into the be made to reinstate the said removed Bar last men- Estate of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, at Netherton, near tioned, in the feme Situation from whence it is re- Dudley aforesaid; and that there are very extensive moved as aforesaid, or nearer to the said Town of Mines of Coal and Iron-Stone, and large Quantities of Sheffield,'and to subject the Petitioners to a loll, which, Nails and other heavy Iron Goods manufactured, in the they conceive, has been hitherto illegally exacted: And Neighbourhood of Dudley; and the same is very popu-therefore praying, That the like Clause may be conti- lous, and full of Labourers and Manufacturers, whole nued in the said Bill, as is contained in the said Act of Succels and Employment solely depend on the working the 29th Year of King George the Second, for retrain- of the said Mines in an extensive Manner; and that, ing the Trustees from erecting any Turnpike or Toll since the Opening of the and Worcestershire

Gate nearer to die Town of Sheffield than the said Mill Canal, the principal Demand for Coals is gone into other Wheel, ib as the said Road to Upper Healy and Gleadlafs Parts, and by that Means the Value of Coal Mines about may be free and open. Dudley is very much reduced, and the Working thereof

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in a great Measure suspended or discontinued, and Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Situation of the Petitioners for Trade is rendered enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the less eligible, which has occasioned a great Number Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King of Colliers, and other useful labouring Persons, to be George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing out of Employ, and tended to an Increase of the Poors " and widening the licxul from The White Stoop, near Rates in Dudley aforesaid, and other adjacent Parishes,

" the North End of the Town of Derby, through the to a high Degree; and that a navigable Canal from " Towns of Dnffiehland Chesterfield, in the County of Stourbridge, with collateral Cuts, and an Extension " Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of thereof from The Black , into the Lands of the

" York, and from the said Town of Dttffield, to the said Thomas Talbot Foley as before described, opening

" Moot Hall in the Town of Wirkfutorth, in the said into the interior Parts of the said Country, the Petition County of Derhv," is committed. . ers apprehend will be the only Means to restore the

Value

16 Geo III.

14® Februarii.

557'

Stourbridge

Canal.

Ditto.

Value of such Mines and Trade to its former Footing, and al(b be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts may pals into a Law; and that Provision may be made for extending the said Branch, or collateral Cut, from The Black into the said

Estate of the said Thomas Talbot Foley, at near Dudley aforesaid, with such Powers, and under such Terms and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several of the principal Owners and Workers of Coal Mines, on Behalf of themselves and the Petitioners observe, that a Petition has been presented, praying that the Branch which is intended by the said Bill to be made to Black Delph may be extended into the Estate of Thomas ‘Talbot , Esquire, at , near the Town of Dudley, and that

very considerable Manufactures of Iron Goods and other Branches of Trade are carried on in and about the said Town of wherein many Thou-

lands of Mechanics and Labourers are employed, the Succels and Continuation of which Trade depends, in a great measure, upon a cheap and plentiful Supply of Coals; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the the other Proprietors of Coal Mines lyinp; in the fe- present very great Demand for Coals, down the Staf-veral Parishes of Oldfwinford and Kingswinford, and in fordfh and Wurcejlershire Canal to The as also

the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, in the Counties of the Town of , and the Works upon The

Worcester and Stafford respectively, was also presented Stour, from the Collieries neaF Bil/Iozi, upon which the to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill laid Town and Neighbourhood depend for a Supply of mentioned in the preceding Petition; and setting forth. Coals, will tend to distress the Inhabitants and Manu-That there have been, for Time beyond Memory, facturers of the said Town of and Parts

large and extensive Collieries established in the Neigh- adjacent; but that the making and maintaining of such bourhood of Stourbridge, and particularly in the Pa- navigable Canal and collateral Cuts, and an Extension rishes of Kingswinford and Oldfwinford, in the work- thereof into the Lands of the said Thomas Talbot Foley,

ing of which several Hundreds of Hands have been Esquire, will cause very extensive Mines of Coal] employed; and the Petitioners and the other Proprie- which at present are in great measure excluded from tors of the said Mines have from time to time, ex- Sale for want of Water Carriage to be opened and pended very large Sums of Money in the linking of worked, and such Coal to be forwarded to The Severn, Pits, erecting of Fire Engines, and other Works, in as also the said Town of Kidderminster, and the Iron order to enable them to work the said Mines, and Works upon The Stour, which will in Part supply those have been induced to give large Premiums for the Pur- Markets, anti tend to ensure to the said Town and chafe of the said Mines; and that there are allb very large Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton a more lasting anti Tracts of valuable Mines still unworked, lying within plentiful Supply of Coal, essentially serviceable to the the said Parishes of Kingswinford and Oldfwinford, and Inhabitants, Manufacturers, and Poor, of the said the adjacent Parts; and that, before the making-and Town and Neighbourhood, and that the same will be, opening the Staffordfiire and Worcestershire, the Bir- in other respects, of great' public Utility: And therefore

praying. That the said Bill for making the said Canal and collateral Cuts may pals into a l,aw, and that Provision may be made for extending the said Branch or collateral Cut from The Black Delph, irtto Estate of the said Thomas Talbot , at ^^^er near Dudley aforesaid, with lueb. Powers, an Ci

as- to

mingham and the Droitwich Canals, there was a very great Sale at the aforesaid Collieries, to the Town of Kidderminster, the Town and Saltworks at Droitwich, the Forges and Works on the River Stour, and several other Parts in, and adjacent to, the County of Worcester, by which Means many Hundreds of Hands were employed in working the said Mines, and were enabled such Terms and Conditions,

the

House f«m

to gain to themselves and Families a very comfortable meet.

Subsistence, and the Petitioners were enabled to work A Petition of several of the "Merchants, . the said Mines to Profit and Advantage; and that, turers. Traders, and other principal Inhabitants,

_____ Ai r i i_rL i t nn _r v. .» *r r iJ/'/jr'WlCK) W&S

,^?U° Uting

J u

said Collieries to their former State and Condition, and of bringing the said Mines to Market, which mull otherwise be excluded from, and an essential Lois to, the Public; and that, by means of such intended Canal, the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Warwick, and other Parts of the Kingdom, will be more plentifully supplied with Coals, and at a cheaper

Ditto i

raised from other Collieries lying more remote have also presented to the House, and read; — ,

been brought to the several Places which were be- Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth* That the fore chiefly supplied from the Collieries belonging to said collateral Cuts will open into very extensive Coal the Petitioners, and the Petitioners have thereby, and for Mines, lying between Stourbridge and Dudley, and want of a Water Carriage from their Mines, m a great within Four or Five Miles of the Staffordshire and Wor* measure been deprived of the usual Sale at their Works, ceflershire Canal, and which Mines are now in a great which has rendered them of very little Benefit to the measure excluded from being brought to Market, for Petitioners or the Public, and has been the Means of leav- want of a Water Carriage; and that the Petitioners aping a great Number of industrious Workmen destitute prehend, that the present great Demand of Coals down of Employment, and of bringing their Families a Charge the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal to The , upon the aforesaid Parishes, and is still likely to be as also to the Town of and many Iron

productive of greater Evils; and that the Petitioners Works on The Stour, now supplied from the Collieries apprehend, the making of the said intended Canal and lying upon the Banks of tire Birmingham Canal, will collateral Cuts will be the only Means of restoring the tend to distress the Inhabitants and Manufacturers of

the said Town*and Neighbourhood of;

but that, by means of the said intended Canal and collateral Cuts opening a Communication from such Collieries lying between Stourbridge and Dudley to The Severn, the Owners of such Mines will thereby be enabled to supply Part of the Demand upon the River Severn, as also the Town of Kidderminster, and the Iron Rate, than at present, and the Distresses of the poor Works upon The Stour~9 and by means thereof the In-Miners and Labourers greatly relieved: And therefore habitants and Manufa.<51_urers of the said Town and praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, as to Neighbourhood will, as the Petitioners apprehend, have the House shall seem meet. a more lasting and plentiful Supply of Coals, upon,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Trad- which Article the Succels and Support of the very great ers. Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Trade of the said Town and Neighbourhood, and ma Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, ny Thousand Mechanics^ employed therein, essentially was also presented to the House, and read; likewise depends; and, the Petitioners apprehend, the making taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That such Canal and collateral Cuts will be in other respecte Vot. 35. 7 C of

55° 140 FtbruA. 1776.

of public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, under such Powers and Restrictions, as to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until tire Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the and

tershire Canal, at or near St our ton, in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The , upon Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stcfford, be read a Second Time.

King’s Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Scdfiii.oor (J)rder, a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a Inclosure. certa|n Traci of Commonable Land, commonly called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Deer Ordered, That the Bill more effectually to prevent Stealing, the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

s«vem Bridge Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Jtautull ^e P®t*bon of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, residing in or near Colehrooke Dale, Madeley IVjod. Bent hall, and Brofeley, in the County of Salop, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Addenbrooke, being examined, laid. That he knows Colebrooke Dale, Madeley Wood, Bent hall, Brofeley, and Places adjacent, in the County of Salop; that there is a considerable Traffic carried on in that Part of the Country in Iron, Lime, Potters Clay, and Coals; and that Persons carrying on the feme are frequently put to great Inconveniences, Delays, and Obstructions, by reason of the Insufficiency of the present Ferry over the River Severn from Bent hall to Madeley Wood, particularly in the Winter Season, when it is frequently dangerous and in very high Floods it is impassable:

That if a Bridge was erected across the said River from Benthall to Madeley Wood, the Witness apprehends the aforesaid Branches of Trade would be much improved, by a quicker Conveyance of Goods, particularly the China Manufacture at Cauthley, near and the Communication between the several Places before mentioned rendered sese and commodious.

And the Witness further feid. That the said Ferry is only passable for Horses and Foot Passengers, by reason of which Carriages are obliged to go Eight Miles about; and that the building of the said Bridge will be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge acrose the River Severn, from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the feme: And that Mr. Baldwin, Sir Henry Bridgeman, and My. Noel Kll, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Sha^bury Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select c‘

Committee, who were appointed in the last Session of Parliament, to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans IVintrop Mortimer, Fiquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the county of ’

Dorset.

the House was moved. That the Proceedings of the House, of the 25 th Day of April, and the 4th Day of

May, in the last Session of Parliament, upon the Report which was made from the said Select Committee, might be read.

And the feme were read accordingly.

And several Parts of the said Minutes were allb read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That it appears to this House, by the Minutes of the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, and which have been laid before this House, that there was the moll notorious Subornation of Perjury practised, and the moll corrupt and wilful Perjury committed, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset,

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That it appears to this House from the said Minutes, that Francis Sykes, Esquire, Thomas Rttmbold,

Esquire, John Good, William Bennett, William Armstrong,

Matthew Merefield, William Pope, and Thomas Hannam, were the principal Promoters find Suborners of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

And an Objection being made. That the said proposed Question was a complicated Question, the same was, by Consent of the House, divided into Eight separate Questions.

And the First Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that Francis Sykes, Esquire, was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the further Consideration of the said Minutes be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the‘28th Day of this Inllant February;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the First Question being put. That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that Francis Sykes, Esquire, was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Second Question being put. That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Third Question being put, That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that John Good was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Fourth Question being put. That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that William Bennett was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Fifth Question being put. That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that William Armstrong was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Sixth Question being put, That it appears so this House, from the said Minutes, that Matthew

Merefield

0

16 Geo. III.

140 — 15 Februarii.

559

Merefield was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Seventh Question being put. That it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that William Pope was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Eighth Question being put, Tint it appears to this House, from the said Minutes, that Thomas Hannam was a principal Promoter and Suborner of the said corrupt and wilful Perjury;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered That the Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the said Francis Sykes, Thomas Rumbold, John Good, William Bennett, William Matthew Merefield, William Pope, and Thomas Hannam, for the said Offence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to disfranchile and incapacitate Certain Persons, therein to be mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset: And that Sir George Yonge, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Drake, Junior, Mr. Da/kwood, Mr. Annesley, Sir George Mr. George Venables

Vernon, Mr. Abel Smith, Mr. Asheton Mr. Sut-

ton, Mr. Holt, Sir John Duntze, Sir Richard the Lord Guernsey, Mr. George Clive, Mr. Dunning, and Mr. Serjeant Adair, do prepare, and bring in, the lime.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

That the Bill for draining, dividing, and Inclolarf. Biclosing a certain Tract of Commonable Land, commonly called King's Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the a6th Day of this Instant February.

Leigh Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom < *ncl°lure- the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or Tract of Common and Waste Land, called The Link, and other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the County of Worcester, was committed, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the ,2.5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Manor and Parish, of the Yearly Value of£ .420, or thereabouts; and that the Whole of the Lands within the said Manor and Parish, entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, amount to the Yearly Value of £*3,999, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committe? to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were,

Vol. 35.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15 0 die Februarii;

Anno 16* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Witness*.

tecetved an Application from several Persons, Compeilfa.l,oa who were come to Town in obedience to the Orders of the House, to be examined Yesterday, as Witnesses, on W* the Confederation of the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed in the last Session of Parliament, to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Mans fVintrop Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sha/ton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, and who are now detained in Town by Order of the House, till Wednesday the 28th Instant, to desire that they may have feme Compensation for their Trouble, and the Expences of their Journey, and by their being detained in Town from their Families and Business.

Ordered, That what Mr. Speaker has now acquainted the House with, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House, and what may be proper to be done in Cafes of a similar Nature.

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert Elliot* Mr. Frederic Montagu, &c. And they are to meet To-morro

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, i* l^-.tJTare to Chamber; and all who come to the Co turn have Voices.

knted to the Taylor’*

A Petition of Waller TTaylor, was P*c . Petitioner ^alenl* House, and read; Setting forth, That e longthe intended to have applied to the House, t P an

Term granted by His Majesty’s ^^king Blocks, exclusive Right in a new Invention for tnaKl for the Use of the Royal Navy Merchants, and otners, but being informed that there was an Intention to app y for a general Bill, impowering the Crown to prolong the Terms granted by Letters Patent, the Petitioner omitted presenting his Petition within the Time limited by the House: And therefore praying. That he may be permitted to present a Petition for the Purposes aforesaid.

And several Members, in their Places, having confirmed to the House the Truth of the Allegations contained in the said Petition;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, and of the Information now given to the House by such Members,

Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Walter Taylor.

Then a Petition of / Valter Taylor was present ed to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is possessed of His Majesty’s Letters Patent, for the exclusive Right in an Engine for making Blocks, for the Use of the Royal Navy, Merchants, and others; and that the Petitioner has been at great Trouble and Expence in perse«£L ing the said Invention, which has not as yet produced an adequate Return: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to prolong the Term granted by the said Letters Patent.

Ordered,

by

Accounts

pi dented: fix tile.

Liddington

Inclosure.

Soar River Navigation<

560 150 Februarii. . 1776;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley Mr. Burkey &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of hard and fofr Soap made in England, from Midsummer 1769,

1775; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the gross and net Produce of hard and soft Soap, from Midsummer 1769, to Midsummer 1775; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Candles made in England, from Midsummer 1769, to Midsummer 1775; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the grols and net Produce of the Duties on Candles, from Midsummer 1769, to Midsummer 1775; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord IVenman presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Failures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington, and Hamlet of Med-bourn, in the said Parish of , in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathaniel Palmer Joseph

Boyer, Thomas King, Junior, John Alleyne, Richard Sanfome, Thomas Nicholas

tVebfter, William Douglass, John Foster, William Cappy

and Edward Savage, Twelve of the Commissioners appointed for carrying into Execution an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making the River " Soar navigable, from the River , to or near " Loughborough, in the County of and for

making navigable Cuts or Canals from the said " River Soar to or near The Rushes and Hermitage " Pool at Loughborough aforesaid and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, of Loughborough aforesaid, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Commissioners therein named were empowered to make a navigable Cut from the Place where the River and the Hermitage Brook, in the Lordship of Loughborough aforesaid communicate, to Hermitage within the said Lordship. And,

Mr. John Smith, being examined, said, That it has been found impradicable to make and maintain a navigable Cut or Canal as above described, on account of the Floods, to which the said River Soar is frequently liable, and which, on all such Occasions, discharges it--self with great Vehemence and Rapidity into the Hermitage Brook, by which Means any Works raised to render the same navigable, as the said Act: directs, would be entirely destroyed; that a Cut, from the Place where the said River Soar communicates \yith a Piece* of Ground, called Bishop's Meadow, in the Liberty of Garenton, to Loughborough, as described in the Petition and Plan thereunto annexed, may be ealily and effectually made, to answer all the Purposes intended by the said former Act; and that a Sum, sufficient to carry7 the above-mentioned Plan into Execution, is already subscribed.

Mr. William Cradock, being examined, said, That: some Alterations and Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Act; and some further Powers are wanting, for completing and preserving the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the River Soar navigable from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of

Leicester; and for repealing Part of the said Act; and for making navigable Cuts or Canals, from a certain Part of the said River Soar, which joins or communicates with a Piece or Parcel of Ground, called Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty of Garenton, in the said County, near, up, or into The Rushes at Loughborough aforesaid: And that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Palmer, and Mr. Darker do prepare, and bring in,. the lame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Lincoln hc*3 to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Exe- Roadv> cution an Act, made in the 29 th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads leading from " the East Side of Lincoln Heath, to the City of Peterborough, and from the East End of Marham Lane " to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of " Colfterworth, and from Donnington High Bridge to " the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby, and from " the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and " through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of " Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the " County of Lincoln; " whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. William Dyer, Clerk to the Middle District of Roads in the Petition mentioned, being examined, feid.

That the Trustees have proceeded to put tire said Act in Execution; and that ft veral considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed by the Trustees upon the Credit of the several Districts.

The Witness produced to your Committee a State of the Debt, by which it appeared, that there is owing, upon all the Districts, the Sum of^. 14,600.

And being further examined, laid. That the Term of the Act has not above a Year or Two to come; and that some Alterations are necessary to be made, particularly

i4 Geo. III.

150 Febrmrii.

56?

cularly with regard to the Places of Meeting fixed by the late Act.

And . the Witness added, That the Roads will go to ruin, and cannot continue to be repaired and widened, nor can the Money borrowed oft the Credit of the several Districts be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing'^.nd widening the Roads leading from the " East Side of j Lincoln Heath, to the City of " rougfi, and from the -Halt End of Mar ham , to

" the Town, of Walton, in the county of ,

and :fropi>the Town of Bourn to the Town of " worth, and from Dannington High Bridge to the

Po/l, in the Parish of Hacconby, and from the East: f*find of a Laqe called Hale Drove, to and through she Town of Qld Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in tfre iRarish, of Quarrington, in the County of -coin:" And that Lord Brownlow-Bertie and Mr. Pel-ham-do.prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Salted -The?Lord Midleton presented to the House, accord-

Bteff&n. ing tcK.~Oxder, a BH1 for making perpetual ib much of an Act, niade in the Eighth-Year of His present Majesty-’s ?Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and " amend.an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of halted.Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from :Ireland,j for a limited- Time; and for allowing - the Importation of felted-Beef, - Pork, Bacon, and "-Butter,*from the British Dominions in , for

a Um\tad iTime, as relates to the Importation of " lalted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from and also another Act, made in the- Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to permit " the free Importation of Catdefrom And the

feme was received; and read the First Time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. George Mr. Tuftiell presented to the t House, according to ^Powrand^^^Ofder, a Bill'for.'the 1 hetter maintaining, regulating, -and-employing, the Poor..within the Parish of Saint , Goorgefm tho -County, oi middkfexand for cjeaafiqg and lighting the Squares, Streets, I^nes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages. andj 'Places, and for keeping and regulating a Nightly.IWateh.within.fetch ;«Parts of-.thedaia Parish. as ate, not within the Liberty of The f ower of London: And the feme was received i and ^tpad> the FidhTinae.

Bisfolved, That;th* Bill be. read a Second Time.

jjtpdet’s Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to - Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing /^# Liardet was committed } - That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of tho Bill, and found the feme to be true; and--that the Committee had directed him to report -the Bill- to the -House, without, any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

1A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

Cunby The l-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An and i Act for dividing anti incloting the Open Fields, Mea-

iTicloui'i-e l>afeure> and other Commonable and Waste

Grounds, within the Liberties of Gunby and North Witham, in the County of Lincoln -, without any Amendment And also,

Spa'dtvick The' Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An with Act for exchanging certain Lands, in the Parish and Upthorpe Liberties of Spaldzviek-with Upthorpe, for other Lands, in the Parish of Long in the County, of Hunting- Si-

IncloJ.irc.

don, in the Manner, anti for the JPurposes, therein mentioned; without any-Arcnendment. *

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Sutton Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Satnt Michaels, otherwise Sutton commonly

called Bonington End, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within, the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michaels, otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington in

the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill ,to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to in- Poor qujre . how fer . the Orders made in the kit Session of Committee Parliament, with respect to the Relief, Employment, 0 n<*uiry* clothing, maintaining, ordering, and regulating, the Poor, within the several Houses of Indufery, and public Workhouses, efltablished by Act of Parliament, specially made, and to the Buildings provided for their Reception, and with respedb to Vagrants and Houses of Correction, have been complied with, and to make , Report thereof to the House; and also to consider what further Information may be necessary to be laid before this House, as a Foundation for making eiffeftual Provision for the better Employment, Relief, and Maintenance, of the Poor, the apprehending and Pafling of Vagrants, and for regulating Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as they shall think fit.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Cham-. ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of fe- LandTtx; vej-al of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made ip tfee last Session of Parliament, to put in Exe- ^une«.

cution an Act, made in the feme Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a . " L, and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-five and for appointing other Com-. rqissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put. in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting ,an Aid to His Majesty, by , a; Land. ft ax, to he raised in i , for the

Service ,of| the Year One thousand Seven hundred and SeveqXy-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort* night, the 29th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, (Jo prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commi Hi oners Names, for executing the said Act, for the respe<5Hve Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

-Sir Charles Ait worth reported from the Committee, Militia.

who were appointed to prepare an of the

Charge

Privilege*

562

150 Februa

~r,

Charge of the Pay and Clothing, of the Militia, for the ear 1776; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

A- 1776.

Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow* eth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1776.

Pay to 50,840 private Men, at is. each, 28 Days -

D" to 70 Adjutants, at 6j. a Day each -

D* to 1,542 Serjeants, at is. a Day each -

D° to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d. a Day each - -- -- - i-

For additional Pay to 30,840 private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise and returning, calculated upon an Average of Days Pay each Man -

Additional Pay to 70 Serjeant Majors, at is. 6 d.a Week each -

D°----- to 70 Drum Majors, at 6 d.a Day each ——

D°----- to 1,542 Corporals, at 6d. a Day each, 28 Days -

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each -

Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, computed at

D*----- to each Regiment, Battalion, and independent Company, for contingent Expences,

at the Rate of 6d. per Month for each private Man and Drummer - -

Clothing for 30,840 private Men, at £.1.\os. each - - - .

D* - - for 1,542 Serjeants, at £. 3. ior. each -

D°----- for 1,200 Drummers, at £.2. each ——

For additional Pay for clothing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 Drum Majors, at t. each Subsistence to 498 Captains, at js. 6d. each per Day, for 28 Days -

Subsistence to 561 Lieutenants, including 2 Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3*. 6 each, for 28 Days ——

D"----- to 435 Ensigns, at 35. each, for 48 Days ——

C t. d.

43,176----

7,665-----

28,141 10 — 10,950----

6,168-----

455-----

638 15 — 1,079 8 —

3>5°°-----

4,000 — — -

10,023-----

46,260 — —

5*397 -

2,400 — — -

xo8 — —

5.229----

2,748 18 — 1,827----

179,766 11 —

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

Complaint being made to the House, That the Earl Harcourt. Lord Lieutenant General and General Governor of Ireland, did, on the Twenty-third Day of November last, in Breach of the Privilege, and in Derogation of the Honour and Authority, of this House, fend a written Message to the House of Commons of the Parliament of Ireland, signed with his own Hand, to the following Effect:

" That he had His Majesty’s Command to acquaint " that House, That the Situation of Affairs in Part of " His Majesty’s American Dominions was such, as to " make it necessary, for the Honour and Safety of the British Empire, and for the Support of His Majesty’s " just Rights, to desire the Concurrence of His faithful Parliament of Ireland, in fending out of that " Kingdom a Force not exceeding Four thousand " Men, Part of the Number of Troops upon that Efta- blishment, appointed to remain in that Kingdom for " its Defence; and to declare to them His Majesty’s " Most Gracious Intention, that such Part of His Army " as shall be spartd out of that Kingdom, to answer the " prrient Exigency of Affairs, is not to be continued a " Charge upon that Establishment, fe> long as they " shall remain out of that Kingdom.

" And that he was further commanded to inform " thit House, That, as His Majesty has nothing " more at 1 (cart than the Security and Protection of "'His People of Ireland, it is His Intention, if it shall " be the Deli re of that Parliament, to replace such "Forces as maybe lent out. of that Kingdom, by an " equal Number of Foreign Protestant Troops, as " loon as His Majesty shall be enabled lb to do, the 21

" Chafge of such Troops to be defrayed without any " Expence to that Kingdom."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Telle* for the Noes, sh}

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Privilege. That the Votes of the House of Commons of Ireland, printed by the Order of the Speaker of that House, of the Dates of the 23d, 28th, and 29th of,

and the 25th of December last, be delivered in at the Table, and read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto, posed, That it is highly derogatory to the Honour, and a violent Breach of the Privileges, of this House, and a dangerous Infringement of the Constitution, for any Per-Ibn whatever to presume to pledge His Majesty’s Royal Word to the House of Commons of the Parliament of Ireland, " That any Part of the Troops upon the " Establishment of that Kingdom shall, upon their " being sent out of that Kingdom, become a Charge " upon Great Britain," without the Consent of this House; or for any Person to presume to offer to the House of Commons of the Parliament of Ireland, without the Consent of this House, " That such

" National

elchester

ilcAion.

Ditto.

16 Geo. III. 150 — 16‘ — 17

" National Troops, so sent out of Ireland, shall be re-u placed by foreign Troops, at the Expence of Great Britain

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die Februarii;

Anno i6° Georgii IIP*' Regis, 1776. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William. Jones, Inquires, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury Brereton, Esquires, for’ the Borough of Ivelchester, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buli-ness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 91 Members only being found to be present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sab baity 17* die Februarii;

Anno 16® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1776. Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury Brereton, Esquires, for the Borough of Ivelchester, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 27 Members only being found to be present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Da}', for taking the said Petition into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Voi~ 35-

190 Februarii. 56 3

Lunee, 19® di Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIIll! Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Nathaniel Webb and Owen Salusbury Brereton, Esquires, for the Borough of Ivel* chester, being come; .

And Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair;

A Member, in his Place, informed the House, That he had an Authority from the Petitioners, to desire of the House, that they might be at Liberty to withdraw their said Petition.

One of the said Sitting Members, in his. Place, consented thereto.

And another Member, in his Place, informed the House, That he had an Authority from the other of the said Sitting Members, to give his Consent to the withdrawing of the said Petition.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker dated to the House, the Proceedings of the House on the 28th Day of February 1774, with respect to the House having given Leave to withdraw the Petition of John Roberts, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of London, on the Day on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

And the Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Eieftions or Returns " of Members to servein Parliament," was read.

But it appearing to be the Sense of the House, That the Order of the Day ought to be proceeded on, and that the House could not suffer any Question to intervene;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Bud-ness of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and 138 Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, die Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

' And the feme being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glades, and were then drawn by the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Four Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Morton, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to *

Note, That in the course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those wjio were absent from the House; Three on account of their then serving on a Select Committee; and One on account

of

Ivelchester

Election.

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

Troops.

S«4

19° FebrUarit.

A. 1776,

of his being a Member against whose Return a Petition was depending.

And the whole Number of 'Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, And not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir Alexander Leith, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said* Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And, the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on’both Sides withdrew.

THe 'Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty 'and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, signed oX-Britnswick the 9th of January 1776; and Translation; together with a Paper, intituled, " Note concerning the Levy Money arid TranslAtion: And also,

Copy of a. Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgfave of Hejfe Cajjell, Signed at Cajj'ell the' 15th of January x 776; and Translation: And also.

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty ‘and the Hereditary'Prince of Hejfe Cajj'ell, signed at Hanau the 5th of February 1776; and Translation.

Together with a List: of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The laid Copies And Note ate' preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as tblloweth; viz.

Translation of a Treaty between His Majesty and the

Reigning Duke of Brunswick. Signed at,

the 9th of January 1776.

Be it known unto all’whom it does or may concern, That His Majesty the King of Great,

having judged propier to propose to1 His Most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick arid Ltthetrburgh, the1 Cession of1 a Body bf his Troops, to be employed in the Service- of Great Britain, and His’ Most vSerene Highness having yielded with Zeal and:Readi- riels to His Majesty’s Views,' the High contracting ' Parties1 have given' Otders -for1 'this! Purpose to"their Tespective- Ministers, that- isto-fay,- His Majesty to Colonel William Captain' of the

Guards, and the Most Serene’ Duke of Brmjhvick "and Lunenburgh to the Privy CouriciBor; Feronce, \\ho, after (he Exchange1 of Yheir: fair Powers havel agreed upon the following Artifcles.

Art: 1.

The Molt Serene Duke of Brunswick yields' to5 His Briiaiiriick Majesty a’--Gorps of--Infantry of his TrOops, of Three thousand'Nirfe hundred Sixty-four Men, Which Corps shall be entirely at the-Dispo'fition of the' King, as well in Europe as in' America.

Art. 2.

His' Most Serene 'Highness allb yields to His Bri-‘ tamiick Majesty a Body of ’ Light Cavalry of Three hundred Thirty-six’ Men; but -as ’His 'Britandick Majesty will not have Occasion for the'Horses of this Corps, ' the said Coirps shall lerve as1 a Corps of Infantry; and if the Service requires them to -be mounted. His Majesty engages to do it at His own Expence.

Arti 3-

The Most Sercnfe Duke engages to equip completely both these Corps, except the Horses for the Light Cavalry; His Moll Serene-Highness will keep iri Readi-nels for marching, towards-the Fifteenth of next at fastheft,- the First Division of this Corps, confining of Two thousand Two-hundred Eighty-two Men, in l’uch Manner that this" First'Division shall arrive, towards the 25 th of February, - at the Place of Embarkation to be agreed upon between the respective ' Ministers: As’ to the' Second 'Division- of the said

Body of Troops, amounting to Twothovtfand Eighteen Men, His Most Serene -Highness will cause them 'to begin their March in the last Week of the -Month of March at farthest. These Two Corps shall pals in Review, at the Place of their Embarkation before His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary; and, -in order to prevent Desertion.in their March, His Britannick Majesty will caiile the most precise Orders to ibe* given in his Electoral Dominions, that all necefl’aiy Measures be taken to Hop every Deserter from this Body of Troops, and to convey them without Delay to the Place of Embarkation, there to join their Regiments. His Britannick Majesty will cause Directions to be given to the Governors or Comhaaftdants of-Places, Bailiffs, and others, to execute these Orders with the same Exadtnels as is observed -with regard to His Majesty’s Electoral Troops.

Art. 4.

This Body of Infantry and of Light Cavalry shall be composed Of Five Regiufents and of Two . Battalions, according to the Lifts annexed to the present Treaty. The Officers -Servants on the said Lifts shall be fumished with /Arms and every necessary Equipment as Soldiers; they shall do Service like them, if Occasion requires it, and shall be paid as such.

Art.9.

The Most Serene - Duke engages to furnish: the .’Recruits that may be annually necessary. for this Corps. These Recruits shall be delivered, after a.previous. Notice of Four Months, to His Britannick' Majesty’s Commiflhiy, disciplined-arid - equipped. The - said. Recruits shall arrive at -the: Place of their Embarkation 1 at: the ‘Time that -shall bo agreed- upon before the Opening of each Campaign.

Art.- 6.

The King’s Service, and the Preservation‘.of the Troops, requiring equally that the Commanding Officers and Subalterns should be expert Persons, His Most Serene Highnest will take proper XJare in‘ the.Choice of them.

.'Art. 7.

The Most Serene Duke engages to put this Corps on the best Footing possible; and none shall be admitted mtoifr triir Persons' proper for' Campaign "Service, and acknowledged as such by His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary.

Art. 8.

This Corps shall be. fumished with Tents and all necessary Equipage.

Art 9.

The King grants to this Corps the -ordinary and extraordinary Pay,- as.weH as- all Advantages in Forage, Provision, &c.- &c. enjoyed by.: the Royal Troops: ’Arid the-Most Serene Duke engages to - Let this Corps enjoy all the Emoluments of Pay that His nick Majesty allows them. The Sick and Wounded of the said Corps shall be taken Care of in the Ilof-pitals,-and- at the Expence of the King, as i’ the 'Troops- of His Britannick Majesty. The-Wounded, not in a Condition to serve, shall be transported into Europe at the Expence of the King, and landed jn a Port on the Elbe or the Weser. As to what regards the Body of Light Cavalry, they shall be put on the Foot of the British Light Cavalry, when they are dif-mounted; but they shall have the same Pay, as well Ordinary as Extraordinary, as the Light Horse of His Majesty; from the Day that they shall serve on Horse-back.

Art. 10.

There shall be paid to His Most Serene Highness, under the Title of Levy Money, for each Foot Soldier or Trooper- not mounted,. Thirty Crowns Banco, the Crown reckoned at Fifty-three Sols Holland, and reckoned at'' Font Shillings Nine Pence Three Farthings. One Third of this Levy Money shall be paid

a Month

16 GeO. III. 190 Febfuarii.

a Month after the Signature of the Treaty, and the Two other Thirds shall he paid Two Months after the Signature. The Payment of this Levy Money shall be made nevertheless prt Condition that Thirty Crowns Banco shall be retained for each Soldier of the said Corps, who, without Cause of Sickness, shall be abl'ent on the Day when they pals in Review before His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary, which Thirty Crowns Banco shall however be paid as soon as the 'blent Soldiers shall join their respective Corps.

Art. 11.

According to Custom, Three wounded Men shall be reckoned as One killed. A Man killed shall be paid for at the Rate of Levy Money. If it shall happen that any of the Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of this Corps should fufler a Lois altogether extraordinary, either in a Battle, a Siege, or by an uncommon contagious Malady, or by the I^ols of any Transport Vessel in the Voyage to America, His Britannick Majesty will make good, in the moll equitable Manner, the Loss of the Officer or Soldier, and will be at the Expence of the necessary Recruits to re-establish the Corps that shall have suffered this extraordinary Loss.

Art. 12.

The Most Serene Duke reserves to himselfthe Nomination to the vacant Employments, as also the Administration of Justice. Moreover His Britannick Majesty will cause Orders to be given to the Commander of the Army in which this Corps shall serve, not to exact of this Corps any extraordinary Services, or such as are beyond their Proportion with the rest of the Army. This Corps shall take the Oath of Fidelity to His Britannick Majesty, without Prejudice to the Oath which they have taken to their Sovereign.

Art. 13.

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences the hasty Equipment of this Body of Troops occasions. His Britannick Majesty grants Two Months Pay previous Jo the March of the said Troops. And from the Time the Troops shall have quitted their Quarters, in order to repair to the Place of their Dedination, all the Expences of their March and Transport shall be at the Charge of His JBritam Majesty.

Art. 14.

His Britannick Majesty grants to His Most Serene Highness an Annual Subsidy, which shall be regulated in the following IVfanner: It shall commence from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, and shall be Angle, that is to say, of the Amount of Sixty-four thousand Five hundred German Crowns, as long as these Troops shall enjoy the Pay. From the Time the Pay shall cease, the Subsidy shall be double, that is to say, of One hundred Twenty-nine thousand German Crowns. This double Subsidy shall be continued during Two T ears after the Return of the said Troops into His Most Serene Highness’s Dominions.

Art. 15.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Con-trafting Parties; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

Thus concluded and signed. by the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Part, and by the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick and"

Lunenburgh on the other Part.

Done at Brunswick, this 9th January 1776.

William Faucitt. (L. S.) B. Feronce. (L. S.)

ESTABLISHMENT of TROOPS, Which are to eftter into the Pay His Majesty.

GENERAL STAFF. i Major General

1 Lieutenant Quarter Mailer Generalr i His Servant 1 Aid de Camp 1 Secretary 1 Cashier, with 1 His Servant 1 Writer 1 Clerk

1 Gunsmith

2 His ’Assistants 1 Matrofs

1 His Assistant

1 Farrier

2 His Assistant*

1 Sadler

1 Waggon Maftef

1 His Assistant

2 Servants for the Carriage with the Military Chert. 22 Men.

Vol. 35.

7 E

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

Troops.

12° Febru

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

Troops.

A. i

ESTABLISHMENT of ON E REGIMENT of INFANTRY.

Staff. Establishment of One Company.

x

4

1

2

Colonel or Lieutenant Colonel

His Servant

Major

His Servant

Aid de Camp

His Servant

Captain Lieutenants

Servants

Regimental Quarter Master

His Servant

Auditor

His Servant

Chaplain and his

Servant

Serjeant Major

His Servant '

Clerk

His Servant Drum Major Hautboys Prevot 4

His Servant

Servants for the Carriages with the Military and Medicine Chests.

Captain His Servant First Lieutenant His Servant Second Lieutenant His Servant Ensign His Servant Serjeants Inferior Officers

Capftaine d'Armes i Fourier i Bearer of Colours

5 Corporals x Surgeon 3 Drummers 2o Anfpefiades 86 Soldiers 2 Servants for the Tents i Solicitor.

106 Soldier*

25 Men.

131 Men.

Five Companies of 1 % 1 Men -Staff - -

655 Men

Sum Total of One Regiment - 680 Men.

ESTABLISHMENT of ONE BATTALION of GRENADIERS.

Staff.

Lieutenant Colonel or Major His Servant 1 Captain Lieutenant 1 His Servant 1 Aid de Camp 1 His Servant 1 Surgeon Major x His Assistant 1 Provost 1 His Servant.

Establishment of One Company,

1 Captain 1 His Servant 1 First Lieutenant 1 His Servant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 His Servant

1 Sub-Lieu tenant x His Servant

2 Serjeants

2 Inferior Officers 6 Corporals

1 Surgeon

3 Drummers

2 Fifes 6 Carpenters

20 Anfpeifades 86 Soldiers 2 Servants for the Tents 1 Solicitor.

106 Soldiers

8 Men.

139 Men.

Four Companies of 139 Men *-----..556 Men Staff.....8

Sum Total of -1 Battalion of Grenadiers - 564 Men.

i 6 Geo. Ill

190 Februa

ESTABLISHMENT of* ONE Staff.

Colonel His Servant Lieutenant Colonel His Servant Major His Servant 3 Captain Lieutenants 3 Their Servants i Regimental Quarter Mailer i His Servant i Aid de Camp i His Servant i Chaplain i His Servant j Auditor t His Servant i Surgeon Major i His Servant i Clerk i Trumpeter i Provoll l His Servant i Farrier i His Afiillant i Sadler i His Assistant.

24 Men.

REGIMENT of K> RAGOON& Establishment of Om Troop.

t Captain 1 His Servant 1 Lieutenant 1 His Servant 1 Cornet 1 His Servant

1 Quarter Mallet4

2 Serjeants

3 Corporals

1 Surgeon

2 Drummers 60 Dragoons

2 Servants for the Tents 1 Solicitor.

78 Men.

Treat id for Subsidiery Troops.

Four Troops of 78 Men - - - - 312 McA

Staff - 24

Sum Total of a Regiment of Dragoons 336 Men.

ESTABLISHMENT of ONE BATTALION of LIGHT INFANTRY

STAFF.

Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and His Servant I Captain Lieutenant 1 His Servant 1 Aid de Camp 1 His Servant 1 Surgeon Major x Regimental Quarter Mailer 1 His Servant X' Provoll 1 His Servant

1 Servant for the Carriage with the Military Chell 1 Servant lor the Carriage with the Medicines.

11 Men.

VOL. 35.

c *

Joy

T reatics for

SutfiJiary

Troops.

568 19° Februarii. A. 1776.

Establishment of One Company of Chaffelirs.

i Captain 1 His Servant 1 First Lieutenant 1 Mis Servant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 His Servant 1 Sub-Lieutenant 1 His Servant

1 Surgeon

2 Serjeants

2 Inferior Officers 6 Corporals 2 French Horns 123 Chasseurs

2 Servants for tile Tents l Solicitor.

147 Men.

Four Companies of 125 Men One Company of Chasseurs Staff -

Sum Total of a

Establishment of One Ordinary Company.

1 Captain 1 His Servant

1 First Lieutenant

2 His Servant

1 Second Lieutenant 1 His Servant 1 Sub-Lieutenant 1 His Servant

1 Surgeon

2 Serjeants

2 Inferior Officers 6 Corporals

3 Drummers

lo Anfpeffades 7 c,

80 Soldiers i

2 Servants for Tents 1 Solicitor.

123 Men.

500 Men

M7 ,

11

Battalion of Light Infantry 658 Men.

l

RECAPITULATION.

The First Division consists in

The General Staff of ---- A 22 Men

Prince Frederick's Regiment of Infantry of ----- 680

The Regiment of Rtedefel of - -- -- 680

The Battalion of Grenadiers of Breyman of - - - - 564

The Regiment of Light TJragoons of- - - - 336

Total of the First Division - 2,282

The Second Division.

One Regiment of Rhetz - -- -- - 680

One Regiment of Spec lit - - 680

One Battalion of Light Infantry of Earner - - - «- - 638

Total of the Second Division - - 2,018 Men

Sum Total - 4,300 Men.

NOTE.

It is to be observed, That, by the Fourth Article of the Treaty, it is agreed, that the Officers Servants mentioned in the Establishment should receive Soldiers Pay; because they are equipped on the same Footing in order to serve in same of Neceftity. This Arrangement is made to prevent the Abuse which frequently takes place by Means of the Officers taking Soldiers of the Corps to serve them.

William Faudit.

J. B. Je Feronct*

16 Geo. III. 190 Februarii.

N O T E,

Concerning the Levy Money.

By the State annexed to the present Note, it is manifest, that the Total of the Heads for which Levy Money is paid, amounts to Four thousand Eighty-four. By the 10th Article, of the Treaty, it is agreed, That Thirty Crowns Banco, of Fifty-three Sols of Holland, shall be paid; the Crown Banco is valued at 4s. 9id. which makes for the Whole £.29,481. 7 s. 6 d. By the same 10th Article, it is agreed, That One Third Part of this Sum shall be paid One Month, and the Two other Third Parts Two Months after the Signature; consequently His Britannick Majesty will be pleased to order it to be paid on the 9th of February next, to the Banker properly authorized; the Third Part of the Levy Money making £.9,827. 2S.‘ 6 d. The Two other Third Parts shall be paid on the 9th of March next, the Amount of which is £. 19,654. 5 s. o d.

Done and Signed at Brunswick this 9th January 1776.

n j - r / '>

William Faucitt. J. B. de Feronce. f

STATE '

Of the Number of the Heads for which Levy Money is to be paid.

GENERAL STAFF.

1 Servant of the Lieutenant Quarter Matter General

1 Servant of the Cashier 11 Labourers

2 Servants for the Carriage with the Military Chest.

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

Troops.'

*5

15 Men.

REGIMENT OF DRAGOONS.

S T A F R -

3 Servants of the Captain Lieutenants , J

1 Servant of the Aid de Camp

1 - - of the Quarter Matter Major

1 - - of the Chaplain

1 - - of the Auditor

1 - - of the Surgeon Major

1 Trumpet of the Staff 1 Provost:

1 His Assistant

4 Labourers.

i5

1*0,) ' 4 *

ONE TROOP.

3 Servants for the Officers 6 Inferior Officers 2 Drummers

60 Dragoons ‘ .

1 Surgeotl "

- 2 Bats Men. j „ v

- 74 "Men makes', for Troops - - -

- Staff' 1 - -

296 Men

l5

---- 311

Vol. 35-

7*

57®

19- Fe^rums

d-.*77$,

SnnIni

fix schfrtiwy Two ft.

BATTALION. OF O R'£ N A D 1 E R S.

T A r F.

i Strvrirtt of die Captain Lieutenant i - of the Aid de Camp i of the Surgeon’s Assistjurt PioVoft t His Assistant

i Mao.

ONE COMPANY OF GRENADIERS.

4 Servants for the Officers lo Inferior Officers

1 Surgeon

3 Drummers

2 Fifes

6 Carpenters 106 Grenadiers

2 Bata Men, .:

134 Men makes, for Companies, of which this Battalion is composed, 536 Men

---- Staff ‘ . ' -: - - - 5

---- £4i

REGIMENT OF INFANTRY.

STAFF.

2 Servants of the Captain Lieutenants 1 Servant of the Aid de Camp 1 - - - - Surgeon Major

x - - -' Chaplain

I - - - - Auditor

I - - - - Quarter Master Majerr

1 - - - - Clerk.

1 Drum Major Hautboys 1 Provost

1 His Assistant

2 Bats Men

17 Men.

COMPANY.

4 Servants for the Officers 10 Inferior Officers

1 Surgeon.

3 Drummers

106 Soldiers

2 Bats Men.

126 Men. The Total of 5 Companies - - 630

Staff 17

Second Regiment -Third Regiment

Fourth Regiment.

6*7

647

647

647

l:

190 Februarii.

ijS Geo. III.

BATTALION OF LIGHT INFANT Ry

STAFF.

i Servant of the Captain Lieutenant

i - - - - Aid de Camp

l - - - - Quarter Matter Major

I Provost

I His Assistant

i Servant for the Chests

t - Carriage with the Medicines.

7 Men.

ONE COMPANY OF CHASSEURS.

1 . *

4 Servants for the Officers ' x Surgeon

io Inferior Officers 2 French Horns i*3 Chasseurs 2 Bats Men.

142 Men.

ONE ORDINARY COMPANY.

4 Servants for the Officers; >

x Surgeon

10 Inferior Officers s.

3 Drummers 100 Soldiers 2 Bats Men.

120 Men. 4 Companies of this Force - 480

---- 1 Company of Chasseurs - 14.2.

7

~~ 623

Total Men.

' - - . d» .

'Km " ' ‘ »

- /T

Tmtics io r Subfijjary Troops.

n . .

Translation of a Treaty between His Majesty and Great Britain 341 <4- FFeJp shall be ma^de the B*so of the Landgrave of Hep Capll.Signed at Capily the prefect Treaty », ojicl to *dopt as much of them as

' . the 15th January 1776. shall be applicable; to sche prefect Cifovwifbwjyvpr

His Britannick Majesty, bring defirpus of enrnlpy- to determine by ,npw Articles lpch Poihb as must

ing ih His Service & Body of Twelve thousand Men* be settled otfyenyile <5 every Thing that foall n°V )^e of the Troops, of His Mess Serene, Highnqfe..the differently rcgala^ed. Dull be deemed to f\»bfip; jn Reigning, landgrave of Hep Capll 5 and that Prince* hlh Fprce* a? it , OnaJl appear to be de$ars$ in riW full of Attadupent. foe His Majesty, defining nothing abpve-mentiQqeci Tfi.rea.ties & and as it is not pqffiblp more than to give Hhn.Pio^ of it* His M^effy, to specifj' eycli pggcticular Pafey every Thing in order, tofettfe the Qtye&s relative to, this Alh- shall not be, fbvainti regulated in a pmeife Manner, ance, has thought groper to send to CaJJell the Sieijr neither in the p*re£en^ Treaty*. h°r m tj>e fan* William Faucitt>H\i Minister Plenipotentiary and Cq- Treaties, ought to be let tied with Equity yujd gf&fr lonel in his Service, and His Most Serene Highness Faith, coAfoj^abdLy t*> the same Principles xyhfeh has named, on his Part, for the ianae Puraqfe, the agreed ftn eaefo. F*art to be pur/uea for yegplfaipg Baron Martin'fcntejle de 'Schlieffeir, his Minister of State, Cucfr TV Aether during 9f qftfj: tj>f

Lieutenant General and Knight of fos prijer^,' who, War.

being, furnished with j requi foe. fujlj Powers, have 1.

'*greed,/That the betweap . %U b« therefpjp, hf Tfefity,

Vol. 35. 1 pftwtaa

D zed by

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

Tropps.

19® Februa

572

between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and His Mod Serene Highness the Landgrave of CaJJell, their Successors, and H<yr$, a drift Friendftup,. and a sincere firm and constant Union, inso much that the one shall consider the Interests of the other as his own, and shall apply himself with good Faith, to advance them to the utmost, and to prevent and avert mutually all Trouble and Loss. . '

2.

To this End it is agreed, That all former Treaties, principally of Guaranty, be deemed to be renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses, and shall be of the same Force as if they were herein inserted Word for Word, so far as is not derogated from them by the present Treaty.

3-

This Body of Twelve thousand Men of the Troops of HeJJe, which is to be employed in His Majesty’s Service, shall consist of Four Battalions of Grenadiers, of Four Companies each. Fifteen Battalions of Infantry, of Five Companies each, and Two Companies of Chasseurs, the Whole provided with General and other necessary Officers.

This Corps shall be completely equipped and provided with Tents and all Accoutrements, of which it may (land in need; in a Word, shall be put on the best Footing possible, and none shall be admitted into it but Men fit for Service, and acknowledged for such by His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary. Formerly the Signature of the Treaties has usually preceded, by some Time, the Requisition for the March of the Troops, but, as in the present Circumstances, there is no Ti me to be loft, the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty is deemed also to be the Term of the Requisition, and Three Battalions of Grenadiers, Six Battalions of Infantry, with One Company of Chasseurs, shall be in a Condition to pass in Review before His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary on the 14th of February, and shall begin to march on the Day following, the 15th of Februaryfor the Place, of Embarkation. The rest shall be ready in Four Weeks after, if possible, and march in- like Manner.

This Body of Troops shall not be separated, unless Reasons of War require- it, but shall remain under the Orders of the General, to whom His Mod Serene Highness has intruded the Command; and the Second Division shall be conducted to the same Places only, where the First shall actually be, if not contrary to the Plan of Operations.

.4*

Each Battalion of this Body_ of Troops shall be provided with Two Pieces of Field Artillery, with the Officers, Gunners, and other Persons, and the Train thereunto belonging, if His Majesty is desirous of it.

„ . 5- .

Towards defraying the Expences, in which the Mod Serene Landgrave shall be engaged, for the Aiming'and putting in Condition. 4he said Corps of 'Twelve thousand Men, His Majesty, the King of Great Britain, promises to pay to His Serene Highness for each Foot Soldier Thirty Crowns ' Banco, Levy.' Money, as well for the Infantry as for' the ♦Chafiem^,! pr Artillery, if there should be 'any, J the -Sum Tota}" of which shall be afeertairied, according to :the Number of Men composing this Corps, and as *they-. have. befti reckoned in former Alliances.

S«m* of One hundred and Eighty 'thoulaqd ^Crdwns -Banco, valued as1 in the solidiving1 Article, shall -be vpaitf on Account of this' Levy 'Money/on the "i oth bfi February, and- the Residue shall be paid, when 4Ke Second Division of "this Corps shall begin their March.

6./ ' \

In - all <the ’fotmei' Treaties a certain Number of

i s

A. 177

Years is stipulated for their Duration; but, in the present. His Britannick Majesty, choosing. rather not to engage Himself for any, longer Time than He shall have Occasion for these Troops, consents, instead thereof, that the Subsidy shall be double, from the Day of the Signature of this Treaty to its Expiration; that is to say. That it shall amount for this Body of Twelve thousand Men to the Sum of Four hundred and Fifty thousand Crowns Banco per , the Crown reckoned at Fifty-three Sols of , or

at Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings

English Money, and that the Subsidy shall continue upon this Foot during all the Time that this Body of Troops shall remain in B Pay. His Britannick Majesty engages also to give Notice to the Mod Serene Landgrave of its Determination, Twelve Months, or a whole Year, before it shall take Place, which Notice shall not even be given before this Body of Troops is returned, and actually arrived in the Dominions of the said Prince, namely, in , properly so called: His Majesty shall continue equally to this Corps the Pay and other Emoluments for the Remainder of the Month in which it shall repats the Frontiers of HeJJe, and his Mod Serene Highness reserves to him-

self, on his Side, the Liberty of recalling his Troops at the End of Four Years, if they are not sent back before, or to agree with His Britannick Majesty at the End of that Time for another Term.

7-

With regard to the Pay and Treatment, as well Ordinary as Extraordinary, of the said Troops, they shall be put)on the same Foot in all Respects with the National British Troops, and His Majesty’s Department of War shall deliver, without Delay, to that of his Mod Serene Highnefe, an exact and faithful State of the Pay and Treatment enjoyed by those Troops; which Pay and Treatment, in Consideration that His Mod Serene Highness could not put this Corps in a Condition to march in so short a Time, without extraordinary Expences, shall commence for the First Division on the first of February, and for the Second Seven Days ..Before it shall begin to march, and shall be paid into the Military Chest of without any

Abatement or Deduction, to be distributed according to the Arrangements which shall be made for that Purpose; and the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling shall be advanced immediately on Account of the said Pay.

8.

If it should happen, unfortunately, that any Regiment or Company of the said Corps, should be ruined or destroyed,.either-by Accidents on the Sea, or otherwise, in the Whole, or in Part, or that the Pieces of Artillery, or other Effects, with which they shall be provided, should be taken by the Enemy, or loft on the Sea, His Majesty, the King of Great , shall cause to be paid the Expences of the necessary Recruits,

as well as the Price of the said Field Pieces and Effects, in order forthwith to re-instate the Artillery,’and the said Regiments or Companies; and the said Recruits shall be settled likewise, on the Foot' of ‘ those which were furniftieti to the Hejpan Officers, by, virtue, of the Treaty of 1702, (Article 5th) to the End' that the Corps may be always preserved and sent back in as good.i State as it was delivered, in The Recruits an-- nually necessary shall be sent tb the Commissary,

disciplined arid completely equipped, at the Place of Embarkation,'at such Time as Hh Britannick Majesty shall appoint. . *

. .; 1_ 9.

In Europit His Majesty shall make use <?f this'Eody #of Troops by Land, wherever He shall judge proper; 'but North America is the only Country of the other Parts of the Globe where this Body of Troops shall be employed' ' They‘shall not serve on the Sea;

and

i6 Geo. III. 19 0 Februarii573

and they shall enjoy, in all Things, without any Restriction whatsoever, the same Pay and Emoluments as are enjoyed by the English Troops.

10.

In case the Mod Serene Landgrave should be attacked or disturbed in the Possession of his Dominions, His Britannick Majesty promises and engages to give him all the Succour that it shall be in his Power to afford, which Succour shall be continued to him until he shall have obtained an entire Security and just Indemnification: As the Most Serene Landgrave promises likewise, on his Part, that in case His Majesty, the King of Great B, is attacked or disturbed in His Kingdoms, Dominions, Lands, Provinces, or Towns, he will give Him in like Manner all the Succour that it shall be in his Power to afford, which Succour shall likewise be continued to Him until he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace.

1 r.

In order to render this Alliance and Union the more perfect, and to leave no doubt with the Parties about the Certainty of the Succour, which they have to expert by Virtue of this Treaty, it is expressly agreed, That to judge for the future, whether the same of this Alliance, and the stipulated Succour, exists, or not, it shall suffice, that either of the Parties is actually attacked by Force of Arms, without his having first used open Force against Him who attacks Him.

12.

The Sick of the Hejfian Corps shall remain under the Care of their Physicians, Surgeons, and other

Persons, appointed for that F*urpose, under the Orders of the General commanding the Corps of that Nation, and every Thing shall be allowed them that His Majesty allows to His own Troops.

1 3-

All the Hessian Deserters shall be faithfully given up, wherever they shall be discovered, in the Places dependant on His Britannick Majesty, and above all, as far as it is possible, no Person whatever of that Nation shall be permitted toestablish himself in America without the Consent of his Sovereign.

14-

All the Transports for the Troops, as well for the Men as for the Effects, shall be at the Expence of His Britannick Majesty; and none belonging to the said Corps shall pay any Pottage of Letters in Consideration of the Distance of the Places.

15-

The Treaty shall be ratified by the High contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

In Witness whereof. We, the undersigned, fumished with the full Powers of His Majesty the King of Great Britain on one Part, and-of His Most Serene Highness the Reigning Landgrave of Hejfe on

the other Part, have signed the present Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereon. Done at CaJJell, the 15th of January, in the Year 1776.

(L. S.) William Faucitt. (L. S.) M. Schlieffen

T rartfes for Sub/iiiiary Troops-

THE GENERAL STAFF.

1 General Commandant His Two Aides de Camp His Secretary 1 Lieutenant General of Infantry His Aide de Camp Major Generals of Infantry Aides de Camp 1 Quarter Matter General

1 His Assistant

a Majors of Brigade

2 Assistant Majors of Brigade

1 Auditor General

2 Chaplains of the General Staff 1 Physician

1 Surgeon General

1 Waggon Mailer of the General Staff 1 Provost, and his Servants 1 Serjeant of Justice 1 Executioner, and his Servants

ONE BATTALION OF GR E N AD1ERS.

THE STAFF.

1 Colonel Commandant of the Four Battalions of Grenadiers 1 Lieutenant Colonel 1 Quarter Matter of the Regiment 1 Gun Smith

1 Provost ‘ .

i Servant for the Carriage with the Military Cfiefl Total of the Staff

Vol. 35. 7 ®

574

ip0 Februarit.

Treaties

for

Subsidiiry

Troops.

ONE COMPANY.

2 Captain and his Servants 2 Lieutenant and his Servant 2 Second Lieutenant and his Servant

2 Ensign and his Servant

3 Serje'ants 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Armes 6 Corporals

1 Surgeon

2 Fifes

3 Drummers 105 Private Men

1 Solicitor

131 Total of One Company 292 - - of Three others

- - of the Staff

524 Total of One Battalion of Grenadiers

ONE REGIMENT OF INFANTRY.

THE STAFF.

1 Colonel

1 Lieutenant Colonel 1 Major 1 Aide de Camp

1 Quarter Mailer of the Regiment 1 Auditor '

1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major 1 Waggon Mailer 1 Drum Major 6 Hautbois 1 Gun Smith 1 Provost 1 His Servant

1 Servant for the Carriage with the Milifafy Clieft 1 Servant for the Carriage with the Medicines

Total of the Staff

ONE COMP A N Y.

2 Captain and his Servant.

2 Lieutenant and his Servant 2 Second Lieutenant and his Servant

2 Ensign and his Servant

3 Serjeants

1 Fourier , f J1 Capitaine d’Armes 7 Corporals 1 Surgeon 3 Drummers 105 Private Men 1 Solicitor

130 Total of One^ Company 520 - - of Four others

- - of the Staff.

650 Total of One Regiment of Infantry

J

16 Geo. III. 19° Februarii.

575

ONE COMPANY OF CHASSEURS.

2 Captain and his Servant

2 lieutenant and His Servant

4 Second Lieutenants and their Servants Serjeants 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Armes 6 Corporals 1 Surgeon

3 French Horns 105 Chasseurs

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

Treops.

129 Total of One Company of Chasseurs 1 Quarter Matter Major

1 Servant for the Carriage with the Military Chett and Medicines,) for the Two

2 others for the Ammunition Carriage - - - J Companies

RECAPITULATION.

THE GENERAL STAFF.

524 Total of One Battalion of Grenadiers 1572 - - of Three others 650 - - of One Regiment of Infantry

9100 - - of Fourteen others

129 - - of One Company of Chasseurs

129 - - of another

12,104 Total

Translation of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Hereditary Prince of HeJJe Cajfell, Reigning Count of Hanau, &c. Signed at Hanau the 5 th February 1776.

Be it known to all whom it may concern. That His Majesty the King of Great Britain having judged proper to accept a Body of Infen try of the Troops of His Mott Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Cajfell, Reigning Count of Hanau, i3c. to be employed in the Service of Great Britain, the High Contracting Parties have given Orders for this Purpose to their respective Ministers; that is to say. His Britannick Majesty to Col* William Faucitt, Captain of the Guards, and the Most Serene Hereditary Prince of HeJJ'e CaJJell to His Minister and Privy Counsellor Frederick de Maljbourg, who, after the Exchange of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Art. 1.

The feid Most Serene Prince yields to His Britannick Majesty a Body of Infantry of Six hundred Sixty-eight Men, which shall be at the entire Disposition of the King of Great Britain.

Art. 2.

The Most Serene Prince engages to equip copi-pleatly this Corps; and that it shall be ready to march the 20th of the Month of March next at fertheft. The said Corps shall pass in Review; before His Britannick Majesty’s ComUissary at Hanau, if that can be done, or at some other Place as Opportunity shall offer.

Art. 3.

The Most Serene Prince engages to furnish the Recruits annually necessary. These Reeruits shall be delivered to His Britannick Majesty’s Commissary, dif-ciplined and compleatly equipcd, His Most Serene

Vol. 35.

Highness will do His utmost that the Whole may arrive at the Place of their Embarkation at the Time His Majesty shall fix upon.

Art. 4.

The Service of His Britannick Majesty, and the Preservation of the Troops, requiring equally that the Commanding :OfEcers and Subalterns should be perfectly accquainted with the Service, His Most Serene Highness will, take proper Care in the Choice of them.

Art. 5.

The Most Serene Prince engages to put this Corps on the best Footing poftiblej and none shall be admitted into it, but Persons proper for Campaign Service, and acknowledged as such by His Britannick Majesty’s Commiftary.

Art. 6.

This Corps shall be furnished with'Tents, and all necessary Equipage.

Art. 7.

The King grants to thisJCorps*the Ordinary and Extraordinary Pay, as well as all the Advantages in Forage, Provisions, Winter Quarters, and Retrefh-ments, &c. &c. enjoyed by lihei Royal Troops: And the Most Serene Prince engages toulpbthis? Corps enjoy all the Emoluments of Pay that His {Britannick Majesty allows them. The Sick and ' Wounded of the said Corps shall be taken Care of ^in t>the King’s Hospitals, and shall be treated in this Respect as His Britannick Majesty’s Troops: andj the Wounded not in a Condition to serve, shall be transported-into Europe, and sent back into their own Country, at the Expence of the King.

Art. 8.

There shall be paid to His Most Serene Highness, under the Title of Levy Money, for each Foot Soldier Thirty Crowns Banco, the Crown reckoned at Fifty-

three

Treaties

for

Subsidiary

TVoops.

i90 Februariu

- As* 1776.;

three Sols of Holland: One Half of this Levy Money shall be paid Six Weeks after the Signature of the Treaty; and the other Half Three Months and an Half after the Signature.

Art. 9.

According to Custom, Three wounded Men shall be reckoned as One killed: A Man killed shall be paid for at the Rate of the Levy Money. If it shall happen that any Company of this Corps should be entirely ruined or destroyed, the King will pay the Expence of the necessary Recruits to re-establish this Corps.

Art. 10.

The Most Serene Prince reserves to Himself the Nomination to the vacant Employments, as also the Administration of Justice; moreover, His Britannick Majesty will cause Orders to be given to the Commander of the Army in which this Corps shall serve, not to exact of this Corps any extraordinary Services, or such as are beyond their Proportion with the rest of the Army; and when they shall serve with the English Troops, or with other Auxiliaries, the Officers shall command (as the Military Service requires of itself) according to their Military Rank, and the Seniority of their Commissions, without making any Dif-tindion of what Corps the Troops may be with which they may serve. This Corps shall take the Oath of Fidelity to His Britannick Majesty, without Prejudice to that they have taken to their Sovereign.

Art. 11.

Their Pay shall commence Fifteen Days before the

March ,of this Body of Trpops; and from the Time the Troops shall have qbitted their Quarters in order to repair to the Place of their Destination, all the Expences of March and Transport, as well as of the Future Return of the Troops into their own Country, shall be at the Charge of His Britannick Majesty.

Art. 12.

His Britannick Majesty will grant to the Mofl Serene Prince, during all the Time that this Body of Troops shall be in the Pay of His Majesty, an Annual Subsidy of Twenty-five thousand and Fifty Crowns Banco. His Majesty shall cause Notice of the Cessation of the aforesaid Subsidy to be given a whole Year before it shall ceaie to be paid; provided that this Notice shall not be given till after the Return of the Troops into the Dominions of His Mofl Serene Highness.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Con-trading Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible. In Witness whereof We the underlined, in virtue of our full Powers, have signed the pretent Treaty, and have thereto put the Seals of our Arms.

Done at Hanau the 5th of February 1776.

(L. S.) William Faucitt.

(L. S.) Frederick Bn de Mal/bourg.

ESTABLISHMENT of the Regiment of Infantry of His Mofl Serene Highness the Hereditary

Prince of HeJJe Cajj'ell.

STAFF.

1 Colonel

1 Lieutenant Colonel 1 Major 1 Auditor

1 Regimental Quarter Matter.

1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major 3 Surgeons 1 Drum Major 6 Hautbois , 1 Provost

1 His Servant

*9

Establishment of a Company of Grenadiers,

1 Captain

1 First Lieutenant

2 Second Lieutenants

1 Serjeant Major

2 Serjeants

1 Fourier

; 1 Capitaine d'Arraes

3 Corporals

2 Fifes

3 Drummers 95 Grenadiers

112 Men

Establishment of a Regimental Company.

1 Captain 1 First Lieutenant 1 Second Lieutenant 1 Ensign

1 Serjeant Major

2 Serjeants 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Armes

1 Bearer of the Colours

2 Corporals

3 Drummers

93 Privates ><

108

432 The other Companies 112 The Company of Grenadiers 16 The Staff

Total 6r>8

Ordered\

16 Geo. III.

isffebruarik

Ordered, That the faits Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Crick bile; , Sir Thomas Clavering, from the Sclect Committee,

fciecUon.. w],0 were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the Borough of in the County of I Fills, and also the Petition of the Subscribers, Electors of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and others Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue l'.lection and Return for the said Borough, informed the 1 louie, That the said Select Committee have determined, 1 i.

That Samuel Peach, Esquire, not. duly elected a Burgcls to lcrvc in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts:

And also, That the said Select Committee, have de- terminal, ' ..

That John Dewar, Esquire, ouejht to have been returned a Butgefs to fefVe in* this "prefect Parliament lor the Borough of Cricklade, in the county of :

And also, That the said Selcft Committee have determined,

That the said John Dewar, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the B01-_ r^ogh of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the lait Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of - Wilts, and amend the lame, by rating but the Name of Samuel Peach, Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Dewar, Esquire, instead thereof.

Militia; The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

Scotland, the 9th Day of this Instant February, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon Wednesday Morning next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant February.

Stourbridge Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Canal a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the

shireand Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said . Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County or Stafford, be read a Second 'Lime upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

King’s The House was moved, That the Orderirmade upon Scdomoor Wednesday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill Ir ure* for draining, dividing, and inclosing a certain Tract of

577

Commonable Land* commonly called King's

in the County of Somerset, upon this Day Sevennight,

might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 ‘ Ordered, That the' laid Order' be '

: Ordered, iThdt the said Bill be read a Second Time

upion Tomorrow Sevennight, the Day this Instant February, ——

E/timares pretented; Army.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lift of tire reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay, in Great Britain j with an Estimate of thfe Charge thereof;

’for the Year 1776: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pay, for the Year 1776: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of His Majesty’s-Land Forces and Marines, who -died on the Estabhlhment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1776: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for tire Year 1776; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1776.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefje Caffell, in the Pay of Great Britain, from ill March 1776, to the a^th December following, both indufive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great,

from \ ft March 1776, to a^th December following, bpth

inclusive: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of & Regiment of Foot of Honan, lh the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to

Treaty with the Hereditary Pririce of Hesse , from 6th March 1776, to a^th December following, both m-

elusive, being 294 Days t And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Six Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Times within mentioned, to the a^th December 1776, inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The laid Lifts art preserved amongst the other Papers of this Seffron.

Note, The Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of* the Landgrave of Heffi Caffell, in the Pay of Great Britain, from ift March 1776 to the 24th December following, both inclusive j and the Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Reigning Duke of BrunJrjvitrk, in the Pay of Great Britain, from x ft Adarch 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive. were, on account f of Lome Errors and Inaccuracies therein,

withdrawn, by an Order of the House of the 2 3d Instant, and others presented.

The laid other Estimates arc as followerb viz. 9

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on Half Pa f

the Year 1776. *or

Allowances to the Widows, for the Year 1776 — +

War Office,

15th February 1776. Barrington,

Vol. 35. 7 H

£. 608-----

k

Pi ir* 1+:

e

A. 1776

ip# Februa

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land

Forces and Marines, for the Year 1776.

Per Diem. For 36 6Days.

For reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces for 366 Dap, from the 53th December i'J’JS to 24th December 1776, both inclusive - £. s. d. 166 12 — £ * 97,575 12 —

For Allowances to Officers of the reduced Horse - - - 1X2 387 7 —

For the Annual Allowances to Nine private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10. per Annum each - m 90

For 35 private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 per Diem each - ---- ~ 5 373 12 6

Total 98,426 11 6

War Office,

15th February 1776. Barrington.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1776.

13,797 Out Pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d. per Diem each ----- 103 Letter Men, at 1 %d.per Diem each -31 Serjeants, at yd. per Diem each - - Per Diem. For 366 Days.

£ d. 287 8 9 5 3 — 1 3 3 £. s. d. 105,202 2 6 1,884 *8 — 425. 9 6

13,931 Total £. 293 *5 — 107,512 10 —

War Office,

15th February 1776.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hesse CaffeU, from 6th March 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 294 Days.

- Numbers. Fay for 294 Days.

A Regiment of Foot of Hanau, from 6th March 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 294 Days - Ordinary Subsidy for the same Time, at the Rate of 25,050 Banco Crowns per Annum - Levy Money for 637 Men of the above Regiment, at 30 Banco Crowns 668 £ s. 9>553. 9 4i 4.855 3 — L 4,598 6 10J

Total 668 19,006 19 3$

War Office, 19th February 17761 ‘ . ESTIMATE

t

i 6 Geo. HI. 190

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of Six Regiments of |oot from Ireland, *nd of several Aogm

His Majesty’s Forces, from the rdpeftive Times undermentioned, to the 24th. indu^^ *

is

Numbers. I jery Money. j A r

The Pay of Six Regiments of Foot from Ireland, from ill March 1776, to 24th December followii\g, both inclusive, being 299 Days - -- - 4,866 I t > £ s. £ 79<*9o a

The Pay of an Augmentation to Two, Regiments of light Dragoons, from 25th December 1775, to 24th December 1776, both inclusive, being 366 Days ---- 408 9,444 16 .

The Pay of an Augmentation to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, from the 24th January 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 336 Days ----- The Pay of an Augmentation to Major General s Regiment of Foot for the same Time ---- 1,062 *5,853 12 — -

*34 - 4,318 8 —

Ditto to Sir Adolphus Oughton's Regiment of Foot for the feme Time - 134 W 4,3*8 8

Ditto to Major General Evelyn’s Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1775, to 24th December 1776, both inclusive, being 366 Days - -- *34 4,53* 10 —

The Pay of a Corps of Foot, commanded by Captain Commandant Dabrymple, from 24th January 1776, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 336 Days ----- 578 9,436

Levy Money for 384 Light Dragoons, at 3. per Man — m 1,920 —

Ditto for 2,730 Men for the Foot, at £. 5. 3 j. Man - m m *4,437 10 —

Total 7,3*6 " & *6*357 *0 — *37*448 7 —

War Office,

19th February 1776. Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie Ordered, That the " Bill, -with the Amendments^ be upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the ingrossed.

House.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and indosing the Open Leigh Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom and Common Fields, aixd. also a certain Parcel or Trad lndowre, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and of Common and Waste T and called The Link, and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and other Common and Wa.fte Land, within the Manor and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Parish of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the County of Wot-Warmington, in the County of Warwick, was com- cefier, was read the Third Time.

mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found Rtfoived, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or Tract of complied with; and that the Committee had examined Common and Waste Land, called The Link, and the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Parish of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the County of W Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- cejier.

mi t tee (except the Proprietors of Three Yard Lands, Ordered, That. Foley do carry the Bill

and One Sixth Part of a Yard Land, who did not to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence, content, but declared they would not oppose the Bill;

and that the whole Property contained in the said Field Ordered, TJiat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Mutiny

and Lands, consists of Forty-six Yard Lands and a Quar- continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,

ter, and One Eighth Part of a Yard Land, and some odd intituled, "An Act; to amend and render more effec- America.

Lands; and, that no Person appeared before the Com- " tual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act,

mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had " passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments " An Act for punifHing Mutiny and Desertion, and

thereunto; which they had directed him to report to " for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and " ters; and for extending the Provisions of the said

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, " Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in America:'*

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments And that the Lx>rd Barrington and Sir Charles Whttworf%

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, do prepare, and bring in* the lame.

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, were agreed to by the House. The Lord Stanley reported from the Committee, to

Vol. 3:. Whom

'-3^- oooole

c;S§° *9* Februarik A: 1776.

Manchester whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Streets, are thereunder written, Subicribers or Contributors to a Fund for the widening, opening, and enlarging ccr-( .*t(un Streets, Wayh, and Pafllgcs, Jn the Town: of ch{(lex\ in the County Palatine of was refer-

red That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the — lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report tin his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at she Clerk’s Table: \Vhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

_ Tq prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Wright, being examined, said, That the said Town of Manchtjler is very large and populous, and the principal Market for the various Manufactures carried on therein, and in the Neighbourhood thereof; that the Approaches to the Exchange, where the Merchants and* Manufacturers meet on Market Days, particularly the Streets called the Old Mill and Mary's Gate, are very narrow and inconvenient; and that It' wfouW.be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and others retorting thereto, if the . said Streets Were, widened and enlarged, and if a new Street was opened between the said Exchange and a Street of Plaice called Saint 'Ann's Square, in the said Town; that a Subscription has 'been entered into for improving the above-mentioned Avenues and Opening, but ftfet by fealpn of the incapacity of some of the Proprietors of the Buildings necessary to be taken down, and Ground to be used for those Purposes, to alienate their Property, the feme cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for widening and improving the Streets called The Mill Gate and Saint Mary's Gate, in the Town of Mancfscjler; and for opening a new Stfeet between the Exchange and Saint Ann's , within the said Town: And that the Lord Stanley and Sir Thomas Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

IvelchcfUr The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being Election, again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the . House one of the said Lifts, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a neW Lift of the Names of tire Thirteen Members then re-.maining unstruck; to wfyich last mentioned Lift, the Names of John Morton, ' Esquire, and Sir Alexander Lett hi Baronet, being added, the feme was called over; and is as follows:

Joshua Manger, Esquire; Philip Torke, Esquire, the Honourable John St. John, Sir Charles Cocks, Baronet, the- Honourable Thomas Walpole, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, William Harvey, Esquire, Walter Stanhope, Esquire, John Mayor, Esquire, Sir James butene. Baronet, Anthony Storer, Esquire, Sir Hugh Williams, Baronet, Whitjked Keene, Esquire, John Morton, [ Esquire, Sir Alexander Leith, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Seletft Committee for . trying the Merits'of the Petition of Richard Brown and Inigo William Jones, Etquires, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table,-in the usual Manner.

And then the Counsel and Agents; on both Sides,: were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select -Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Brougham Ordered, That Sir James Lowther be added to the

Inclosure. Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer or the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto lubscribed, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and

inclosing certain I^xnds, in the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmorland.

Sir James Lowther presented to the House, accord- Brougham ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Liclosure.

' Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmorland And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tunc.

Lord BrownlowBertie presented to the House, ac- ITpton

cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the I"closure. Operi Fields. Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pari fir of Upton, in the County of Lincoln: And -the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Lincoln cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads " leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the " City of Peterborough, and from the Ealt End of

Marliam Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County " of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn to " the Town of Coljlerworth, and from High

" Bridge to the Cross Post, in the Parish of " and from the East End of a Lane called Drove,

" to and through the Town of Sleaford, to the " End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of LincolnAnd the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill Be read a Second Time.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Beckingham cording to Order, a Bill, for dividing and inclosing the lj^0lUfe* Open Fields, Meadows, Comnabns, and Waste Grbunds, in the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Norton cording to Order, a Bill for enabling the Honourable l°c!oiure. George Hobart to inclose the Heath Lands and Low Commons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, in the County of Lincoln; and for veiling the Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tythes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of No St on aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compenfetion to the Vicar of the said Parish, in lieu thereof: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, according Alkerton to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open lncknure, and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

- Sir William Guise presented to the House, according Dorfiogton

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure.

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures,

and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor

and Parish of Dorjington, in the County of G/ou-

cester: And the feme was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Baldwyn presented to the House, according to Severn Order, a Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from Benthall, in the County of to the Bridp

opposite

﻿"Baftide’s

Nat.

A Hi wood Hay Iiiciofure*

Hampton

Inclosure.

Salted Beef, ire.

Weymouth

Streets.

16 Geo. III.

190 Febructrit.

581

opposite Shore at Aladely W in the said County; and for. making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wyldbore presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing L civ is Bajlide:

And the same was received , and read the FirflTicne.

Refo/ved That the Bill be read ,a Second Time.

Mr. Lygott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Afkwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of Kinswinford, in the County of Stafford: And the fame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lygoit presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish or Great and Little , in the County of Worrefer.* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stourbri I, Canal.

A Bill for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continuel and " amend an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, " from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

mine the Matter of this Petition i and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

A Petition of the prirvcipal Gentlemen and Inhabitants of the Town of /Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the 'Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill lor making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worce/7cr, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at orrnear ton, in the County of Stafford, and Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, to communicate with the said proposed Canal, and the other from a Place called Black Del pit, to communicate with the said first-mentioned collateral Cut; and that the Petitioners apprehend, by Means of such Canal and collateral Cuts opening into very extensive Coal Mines, in the Neighbourhood of the Towns of Stourbridge and Dudley, large Quantities of very valuable Coal, which at present, For want of a Wa.ter Carriage, ate prevented coming down to Market, will be Cent down the River Severn, whereby the Petitioners, as well as many other Parts of the County of Hereford, will be supplied with so necessary a Commodity at a cheaper Rate, and in a more plentiful Manner, than, at present -, and in Return very considerable Quantities of Hops, Cyder, and Grain, as well as Timber, tkxe Produce of that Country, will be sent into a very -populous and Manufacturing Country, near the said. intended Navigation -, which, the Petitioners conceive, will render such Navigation of great publi? Utility; And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pals into a Law, under such Terms and Conditions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a " Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge,

" a limited Time," as relates' to the Importation of in the County of Worcestery to join the Staffordshire and salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland \ Worce Canal, at. or near Siour/QWv so the County and allb another Act, made in the Fifth Year of His of Stafford , and also Two collateral Cuts, one from present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to permit a Place called The , upon Peu/net Ghace, to coth-

" the free importation of Cattle from Ireland," was read municate with the intended Canal near tjae Jun&von 0 a Second Tune. Wordesley Brook, witY\ tVie Kiyer Stour, and the other

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. from a Place called Finch. Delph, upon the said Chace,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee to join the first-mervttoned collateral Cut at or near

of the whole House. certain Lands called "The Lays, in the FariOa of Kings-"

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- wiin . the Laid. County of Staffing, be tea^ a ing refo ve itself into a Committee of the whole House Second Time, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Reps, in

A Petition of Federal Persons whose Names ate Svrou4w«« thereunto subscribecl, on Behalf of themfeWes, and avyg^unw osiers. Proprietors of" "N/TiWs and Lands on and near the the County of Dor jet, was presented to the House, and River Stroudzvater> in the County of Gloucester, wak pre-read } Setting forth, That Application hath been made fented to the Hovife, and read-. Taking Notice of the to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for pavingj. Bill to amend an A. j^affedin. the Third Teat of his late cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, Majesty’s Reign, for rn.ak.vng navigable the hiver Strond-Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, and for water, in the County of Gloucester, from the Rivet removing all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoy- Severn, at or near to neat

ances, within the said Borough and Town-, and that it the Town of in the same County; and to

would be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and give other Powers, for the Purposes of making a the other Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, Navigation frorrv l^r-aniiload to Wall bridge -, and Set-as well as to the Nobility and others referring thereto, ting forth. That, i£ the said Bill should :,pass into a if some Provision was made for regulating the Hackney ’ Law as it is now drawn, it would be highly injurious Chairmen working in the said Boroiigh and Town: to the Petitioners: And therefore jwaying. That they

And therefore praying, That such ‘ Provision may^ be may be heard, L>y themselves or Cqunfel, against (lirh made, for regulating the Hackney Chairmen ‘within Parts of the said Bill as may affect the.Property of the the said Borough and Town, as the House shall thinjc Petitioners, and the several, other Land-holders and proper.- ' > Mill-owners upon and neaT the hud River; and that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the such Provisions may be made in the said BUI for their Consideratioivof the Committee, to whom the Petition Secuqty, as to tf\o Tloufe shall teem meet., of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough ' Ordered, That/ the said Petition be referred to the

Town of ** 11* D Arv-2 r vUa ' £11' „ /* J Ji.* A tV\ 1 a _ t C* \ «%M«

County of Dorjci

Vol. 35.

f the principal Inhabitants of the Borough Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the of Weymouth and Melcombe Reps, in the ;Cpnsideration of the Committee to whpm the said Bill Dor jet, is referred; And that they dp exa-; is, committed; ‘arid- that the Petitioners b« hearcLb/

4i*k* I ' i f ' *

6yvj 00^1

King's

Scdgmoor

Inctofure.

Hindoo

Fic&ic*.

i /

58a 190 Februarii.

themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon o^Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough their Petition, if they think fit. of Hand that the Petitioners again attended, at

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- a great Expence, by their Counsel, in order to make mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the their Defence against the Charges foecified in such Se-

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said cond Bill; and that, after some further Proceedings

Petition. had on the said Bill, it was, on the 8th Day of Marti:,

relblved by the House, that it would not be expedient A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ,are to proceed further in the Consideration of the ujflN8ill thereto subscribed, having Right and Interest in a cer- until this Session of Parliament; and that thf*retain Moor or Trafl of Land, called King's Sedgmoor, titioners observe, that a Third Bill is now lately, in in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, this present Session, brought into Parliament, for the and read; Setting forth, That the said Moor, which same Purposes as the Bills before mentioned have been contains by Computation about 18,000 Acres of Pasture (the Petitioners having been duly served with Copies Land, has ever been open and uninclosed, and the of the said Third Bill) and representing to the House,

Produce thereof had and taken indiscriminately from all that, as the Petitioners have done nothing to obstruct

Parts in and throughout the lame, by the several Per- or evade the ordinary Course of the Laws now in being

fons having Right and Interest therein; and that a Bill against Bpibery and Corruption, and have always been was lately, in this present Session, brought in, for forthcoming, and have never attempted to prevent the-draining, dividing, and inclosing the said Moor, and Service of legal Process, they hope no new or extra-was rejected by the House; yet the Petitioners observe, ordinary Mode of Prosecution or Punishment will be by the Votes, that another Bill for the same Purpose is adopted against them, by which they may be deprived-to be brought in, during the same Session; and that of the usual Advantage given them by Law, in the the Petitioners conceive any new Law for draining the ordinary Course of Trial; and the Petitioners fugged, laid Moor to be unneCeflary, otherwise than to explain that a Bill, tending to deprive any Subject of this and amend a certain Act, made in the 10th and 11th Realm of his greated and dearest Franchise, cannot Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for be deemed otherwise than a criminal Prosecution opening the ancient, and making new Roynes and against such Subject; and that, having been once put Water Courses, in and near Sedgmoor, in the County of upon his Defence, no Subject can legally be called Smer/et, and for rendering the said Moor more health- upon again to answer the same Charge; and that the fol and profitable to the Inhabitants; and that the Petitioners have been put to lb great and heavy an Ex-Division and Inclosure of the said Moor, in the Manner pence, in defending themselves against the Charges, proposed, will be injurious to the Petitioners and others contained in the said former Bills, that they are unable mtereded in the said Moor: And therefore praying to to defiay the Expences of the necessary Witnesses, be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against the said and of themselves, to London, in order to prove their Bill, and that the House will grant them such Relief in Innocence against this Third Prosecution now com-the Premises as shall seem meet. menced against them: And therefore praying. That

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and may be heard, by their Counsel, on the Matters con-that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or tained in this Petition, and may be admitted (before Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if each of them is put upon his separate Defence) to diew they think fit. Cause why this Mode of Prosecution should not be

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at adopted in the present same against the Petitioners, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the said Petition. Table, until the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons,

therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Mem-A Petition of Henry Huff, and of the several other bers to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bri-Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was bery and Corruption in the Election of Members to presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the That the Petitioners are, and for a considerable Time County of Wilts, be read a Second Time; and that lad pad have been, Inhabitants and Housekeepers the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against within the Borough' of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think and, as such, were duly entitled to, and have exercised fit. and enjoyed, the Right and Franchise of Voting in

the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names Hindon laid Borough; and that on the 8th Day of March lad are thereto subscribed. Inhabitants and Housekeepers Ele&ioa-a Bill was brought into the House, to incapacitate the within the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Petitioners and several other Persons therein named, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, from voting at Elections tp serve in Parliament for That the Right of voting for Members to serve in the said Borough or elsewhere, wherein the Petitioners Parliament for the said Borough is, by the lad Deter-were charged with being guilty of Bribery at the late mination of the f-Ioufe, veflea in the Inhabitants of Election at Hindon; and that the Petitioners "having the said Borough, who are Parilliioners, Housekeepers, been duly served with Copies of the said Bill, did attend arid not receiving Alms, of which Denomination are the House, by their Counsel, to make their Defence all and every of the Petitioners; and that the Pe-to the Charges therein specified against them, and were titioners observe, that a Bill is depending, to incapa-put to very considerable Trouble, Expence, and Loss citate several Persons therein named, from voting in of Time, in preparing Instructions necessary for that Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, and to Purpose; and that great Numbers of the Petitioners alter the accudomed and usual Mode of voting in the wfere necessarily forced to attend the House, and laid Borough, which, if the said Bill should pals into brought up many Witnesses from Hindon to prove their a Law, will essentially and materially affect the Rightj Innocence of the Matters laid to their Charge by the and Ffanchises of the Petitioners, against whom there laid Bill; and that the said Bill, at the Third Reading is "no Charge of Bribery or Corruption, and who thereof* was thrown out of the House; and that, on hope (hat their Rights and Privileges will not thereby or about the 12th of April lad, a new Bill was brought, be altered' or abridged: And therefore praying, That in; to incapacitate the Petyioners- and certain other "fo muen of the said Bill asproposes to change or alter Porfcos -therein named from voting in the Election the Right of voting for Members to serve in Parlia-15 pient

Ivelchester

JUe&iaa.

HinHon

jEkdion.

~ O

Geo. III.

19 — 20

Februarii.

583

ment for the said Bcjrough may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed: And also.

Another Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto set and subscribed.

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at ’Elections of Members to serve in Parliament,

and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in Petitions, if they think fit

Ordered, That the Pc t it ion of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and Housekeepers within the Borough of in

the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set and scribed , and also, another Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set and which were this Day presented to the the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their

the Election of Members to serve m Parliament, for the Borough of in the Coun-

ty of Wilts', and setting forth. That, by the said Bill, the Petitioners are declared to be disabled from giving any Vote at any Election, for the choosing a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, either for the said Borough of Hindon, or for any County, City, Town, Borough, or other Place in Great Britain, fending Members to Parliament; and that the Pe-ticfoners conceive themselves aggrieved by the said Bill, in being so incapacitated; and that so tnuch of the said Bill as relates to such Incapacitation of the Petitioners ought not to pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to their said incapacitation.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered so lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

1

Mr. St. John, from the Select Committee who were

Liddingtoq

Inclosure,

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend this House, this Day* upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Lidding ton and Hamlet of boum, in the said Parish of Uiddington, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Goddard, Mr. Baldwyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and St.George employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint fMiddlefe*)

in the County of Middlesex$ and for cleansing and Street

lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts,

Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as axe not within the Liberty

appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- of London, was read a Second Time.

t ft ion of Richard Brown, and Inigo William Jones, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Nathaniel Webb, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgef9 to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Owen Salufbury Brereton, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery arid Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Wilts;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Henry Huff, and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, this Day presented to the House, was also read.

, And the Counsel against the Bill was heard.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Tuf-nell, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of tKe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House win, upon Wednesday Mom-ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leatfes, Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, ot annexed to the feme, and for other ‘Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Way* and 'Means.

Duchy

of

Cornwall

Mart is* 2 o° die Februarii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIliu Regi$, iyfi.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending ar- Crickhde, cording to Crscier, amenejed, the Return for me EfefiU9n. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Borough of Crtchtade, in the County of Wilts. of the whole House.

The Lord reported from the Commit- Glattoa

tee, to whom the Petition of William Wells, Efauiit,

Lord of the Manor of Glutton with Holme, in the County Holfn*

of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Yol. 1:.

Indyfure.

584

20* Februarii.

A\ 17

of Huntingdon, George Robinson, Robert - MitchellyRo-v' Ordered, That the further Gonfiderrfion of the said

binfon, John Dawes, and the several other Persons whole Report lie adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprie tors of certain Fen Lands, lying in Holme , in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, or one of them, known by the several Names of The Parts, The Farms, 'The Alder tots, and The Beaches, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered rt in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

'l’o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Goftin being examined, laid, a considerable Tract of Land lying in Holme Fen, has of late ' ears been often overflowed and greatly annoyed with Water, by Means of the Decay of the Outfall to the

1

4

Mr. Dempster reported from the Corpmittee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of Dundee, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter*of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. H

'l’o prove the Allegations of the said Petition, there was produced to your Committee, an Act:, paired in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in 1707, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the said Town, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for discharging the public Debts of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; which Ad was

Dundee Two Pennies Scots.

IV/1 UlilCI X lil I A/Ivj LiiCi vlll lilwllllV/livvi y Wll&LII /iLL Wuj

Sea, by winch the said 1 rad of Land has been mate- by another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the

rially injured; that the same is capable of being drained, but that the proper and necessary Works for doing it effectually, cannot be provided and maintained without the Aid of Parliament.

Mr. William Wright being examined, confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen l.ands and Low Grounds, called The Parts, Farms, 4Klerlots, and Beaches, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Hinehingbrook and the Lord Ludlow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baron reported from the Committee, to whom

Reign of his said late Majesty (likewise produced to your Committee) further continued, with Amendments; the Term of which last mentioned Act is near expiring: And,

- A Member present informed your Committee, That the Money arising by the said Duty has been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said A<ds; and great Progress has been made in the Works thereby directed, by which Means a Debt amounting to upwards of £.8,300 has been incurred; and that it is not possible, during the Continuance of the subsisting Term, to pay off and discharge the said Debt, and to carry on and complete the Repairs and Works directed to be done by the said Acts.

„ , r. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Bill for the better Relief^nd Employment of the enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three Acts

Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through / the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;

of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said , , T , Acts mentioned: And that Mr. Dempster, Sir Adam

which they had directed hmi to repprt to the House; an Mr. Pii/tenev, and Mr. Cosmo Gordon, do pre.

ru» rpdfl Kp*r\nrt in niQ ann ^Tfpru/nrnQ npii. 1 1 r L

pare, and bring in, the lame.

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendthents, in at the Clerk’s Table. 1

And the Amendments' made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

The nekt Amendment made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " Five," and inserting the Word‘‘ ‘Three1* instead thereof. } >

And the Question being put. That the Word "Five’;

' Hand Part of the said Amendment; - ;:

It passed in the Negative. .

And the Question being put, That the Wordi " Three" be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided.

The* Yeas'went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } *9-

Tellers for the Noes, {clptlnjhiijtone, } 38‘

So it passed in the -Negative. % _

And the Question Being put. That the Word " Four" be there inserted; /

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers (or t.l,e Yeas, j . ] S«-.

Mr. Elwcs presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishing the Right of'Soil and Right of Common upon Common or Walle I and,

of

V xt i SfShxPhilip Jennings Clerke, 7 , 'And the same was read accordingly,

t TeUers for the Noes.*. ,*J 56. Uen the prevbus Qucffion b8.'ng put> (ht

it passed in the Negative. > , laid first proposed Question be now put;

Clewer

InclosuK.

certain Pieces or Parcels of in the Manor and Parish of Clewer, in the County of Berks, already inclosed; and for veiling the same in his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time. - '

Resolved, That the Bill lie read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be referred to a Committee, to enquire into the Ciuifes of the ill Succels of His Majesty’s Arms in North America, as also into the Causes of the Defection of the People in the Province of Quebec-,

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

The House was fnoved. That the Resolutionj which, upon the 6th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by the Lord North, upon the 19th and 31 ft Days of January, and the ill Day of February 1775, by His Majesty’s Command, might be read.

American.

Cuicnic*

v

t

Th

td

&c.

ichy

of

nwall.

16 Geo. III. ‘ ao° — -210 .

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Umk, ]

Tellers for the Noes,{ JJ1' l } 54°-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual, so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and 4‘ amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the u Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and " Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for " allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, " Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in " America, for a limited Time,* as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter* from Ireland; and also another Act, made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Ileign, intituled, An Act " to permit the free Importation of Cattle from /re* u land-,"

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- The Lord Midletoji took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Midleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

And the House having continued to lit till near Three of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day.

t

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable. His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

and all other Persons having Occafiofr to pass to and from the same, if the Road leading from the Turnpike at Walworth, through Gam herell and Peckham, to the Eall End of the Parish of Pec, and also the said Towns, Villages, or Hamlets, were properly lighted and watched.

The Witness further laid. That if the Foot Path eroding the North Fields -from Peckham to Kent Street Road, and from thence to Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, was watched by a Foot Patrole during certain Hours in the Night, it would be a great Security to all Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Foot Path in the Night-Time.

Mr. Samuel Goodman confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be gi ven to bring in a Bill fot lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackma^ Street inr the Borough of Southwark: And that Sir Maw-bey and the Lord Midleton do prepare, ana bring in, the fame.

An ingfofied Bill for naturalizing John Liardet was Lurdet*, read the Third Time. Nat‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Liardet.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph AdLatubey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosingtbe Open Warn-.lngton And Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and laclosure. Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Warmington, in the County of PParuuick, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 38. After *c of," to insert " the Right " Reverend the Lord Bishop of " Litchfield and Coventry."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other 6ommonab\e Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Warmington, in the County of Warwick. .,

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Grey Cooper p relented to the House, according to Theatre. Order, a Bill for the Better feeuring a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, uu . applicable to chart table Uses; and for other Purposes-therein mentioned t A.nd the same was received; ana. read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

btrwell OIR Joseph Mawbeyreported from the Committee, to- Mr. Greville prefen ted to the House, according to Wirwick

and o whom the Petition of several of the principal Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, iehUv* Inhab, tants the Towns, Villages, or Hamlets, of jjafled in the FiftH. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Road, ch,&c. Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, was for repairing and widening the Road from the Great referred; That the Committee had examined the Bridge, in the Borough of through Scut ham

Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to and Daventry, to the Town of Northamptoni And the report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; same was received 5 and read the First Time, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Resolved, That the- Bill be read a Second Time, delivered it in at the Clerk’% Table: Where the fame

was read; and is as followeth; viz.Mr. Lascelles reported from the Committee, td whom Doncifter To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the the Bill for amending and keeping in Repair, the to

Reverend Mr. Dodd informed your Committee, That Road leading from Doncaster to Bawtry, in the BlwtrT the Towns, Villages, or Hamlets, of Camberwell and Counties of OTork and Nottingham, was commit- Road‘

Peckham, are large and populous; and Persons passing ted; That the Committee had examined the AUega-to and from the same in the Night-Time are frequently tions of the Bill, *n" found the same to be true*

exposed to Robberies and other Outrages. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill*

That it would be a great Security to the Inhabitants and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Vol. 3j. 7 K

Mercuriiy 210 Februarii; Anno 16° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776.

GoOQlp

c86 21* Februarii. 1776.

had directed him to report to the House; and he read* the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bastard Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, according Children, to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the deftfoying and' murdering of " Bastard Children And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Chatham Sir Charles IVhltworth reported from the Committee, Street*. to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vim.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and,

Mr. George Taylor, being examined, said, That, the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution had caused the greatest Part of the Street, and the Lanes communicating the rewith, to be paved and repaired.

That a certain Part of the High Street of the said Town is situated in the Parish of St. Margaret, next the City of Rochester, and another Part thereof in the Parish of Gillingham, in the said County of Kent, by reason whereof Doubts have arisen, whether the said former Act empowers the Commissioners to pave, cleanse, light, and watch such Parts of the said High Street, and Lanes adjoining, as lie out of the Parish of Chatham: And that the said Act has been found in several other Respects defective.

That it will be a great Advantage and public Convenience to the Inhabitants of that Part or the Parish of Saint Margaret's, commencing at a Boundary Stone, next a Plate called The Chapel Steps, in the Parish of Chatham, Kid extending along the South Side of Chatham High Street and Saint Margaret's Bank to a House called The Flying Horse, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, within the City of Rochester, and also that Part of the Parish of Gillingham which adjoins the High Street of the Town of Chatham, and the several Lanes respectively adjoining, if the Paving thereof was put under the Management »id Direction of the Commissioners appointed by the said former Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of Chatham in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the Street in Chatham as are

situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Mr. Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Du Hey whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are Caual* thereunto subscribed, residing in and near the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and concerned or interested in Lands, Mines, Trade, and Manufactures there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to rejxirt the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the lie-port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Yeomans, an Engineer, being examined, laid, he had surveyed the greatest Part of the Lands through which the Canal is meant to be made, and that it may be easily executed agreeable to the Plan annexed.

Mr. Robert Whitworth, being examined, confirmed Mr. Yeomans' Evidence: And,

Mr. Thomas Hately, being examined, laid, he had surveyed such Part of the lands through which the Canal is intended to be made, as had not been surveyed by Mr. Yeomans: That the Canal may be easily made through the Part lb by him surveyed, according to the Plan annexed to the Petition: That the Canal will open into several large Collieries, and bring Coals to Market, and Goods to and from the down of Dudley, which is a great manufacturing Town, and be of great public Utility.

Mr. Richard Mee, being examined, laid. That a Canal, as described in the Plan, would be of general Advantage to the adjacent Country, and of public Utility, particularly by reducing the Price of Coals.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Caaal, from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley,

Esquire, called The Great Ox Lea/ow, and The Little Ox Lea/ow, situate at Netherton, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called The.

Black Delph, upon Pen/net Chace, in the Parish of

Kingswin/ord, in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with a Collateral Cut or Canal (Part of the proposed Stourbridge, Canal Navigation) intended to be made from The Lays, in the said Parish of Kingswin/ord, to The Black Delph, aforesaid: And that Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Afterby to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Town ships of Afterby urc* and Goulceby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 57. who refused to sign the Bill, and except the Owner of Lands of the Annual Value of £. 10. who said he would neither meddle nor make, and also except the Owner of Lands of the Annual Value of/*. 9. who could not be spoke with; and that the whole Linds intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of /. 541. 151. and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee hid gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-' vered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cl rk’s

X ble:

i 6 Geo. III.

2i° Februarii. 587

Once read Christ Church, Middlesex^ East Greenwich, Kent: St

- St Paul. j . w

Cockayne’s

Name.

..___ _ — , ' wwfKwiw, jvciu; Of.

MM J f M} \^i II S* f ^ "

Amendments were Un,ce . Nichola and St. Paul, Deptford; Kensington; St. Mary

Table: Where A Second Time, One by One . Magda Surrey; 5/. 7«wa,

and then a a . — St Ma St. Clement Danes-,

Aldgate \ St. Andrew, Uolborn, above the Bars, and St. George-, St. Paul's,; St. Andrew,

Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents.

Ordered, That the Matters, Governors, and Officers, having the Care and Direction of the several of industry, or public Workhouses, established

by

Poor 5 Committee of

Enquiry.

JL «V*v.

throughout, anu uicu ---

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed to by the House. ..... , v _

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and

his llliie, to take and use the Surname and Arras of oi *uuUies, euaoiiinea oy

Frithonlv, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith, speaal Acts of Parliament, for Relief and Employ- Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Com- en* °* the R°°r? within the several Parishes and mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Places mentioned in the said Report, do, on or before found the same to be true; and that the Committee the 15th Day of April ne>ct, transmit to the Clerk of had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with- this House, in order to be by him laid before this out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at House, an Account of the Af oney raised annually, by the Clerk’s Table. ^ch Cities, Towns, or Parishes, under such Acts of

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. Parliament, within the last Three Years, or since such

Establishment, the Expences for their Buildings and

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, who how, apd to what Purposes, Rich Buildings are 3apted were appointed to enquire how far the Orders made in the Number of Poor contained therein at Midnimn,* the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Relief, and Christmas in each Year, distincrmfhina thl ,w. Employment, Clothing, Maintaining, Ordering, and the aged, infirm, and infant. Poor fnd also the Nnm’ Regulating the Poor, within the several Houses of In- ber in each of those Classes, *yho *A\*A In -,rh «f dustry, and public Workhouses established by Act of respective Houses within each of tk- y««

Parliament, special'y made, and to the Buildings pro- and in what Labour or Manuf.AC ,u p k° *

vided for their Reception, and with respect to Va- been employed in each of Cue a°£

grants and Houses of Correction, have been complied nual Amount of the Net Mon« H°U^’

with, and to make Report thereof to the House; and annual Expences in maintainy earned by them, the

also to consider what further Information may be necef- how much for Food, Clothing5 Pre* dlft^l.(h\nS fery to be laid before this House, as a Foundation and also how much for S??*and Fuel, respectively -,

for making effectual Provision for the better Employ- Officers, and how much for^u65 - All?vLances to ment, Relief, and Maintenance of the Poor, the ap- within each of the said Yeai?" prehending and passing of Vagrants, and for regulat- of the Money paid or allowed i 8?d !?° Pi ing Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Bri- so each of the said Ymk d within the said Parishes, tarn called England-, and to report their Opinion there- > account of the Poor who

---- r_---- r:---.nr _ t. r r . ‘

in each of the said Years, ________

are not font to the said Houses of industry or Work-

__ _ — — ^^vjviiesoi muuiuy ¥ ^een

- 1>____ -V T1 ’ ’

a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Member present laid before your Committee, a List of Places where Establishments have been made for the Poor by special Acts of Parliament, and from which Returns have been made, pursuant to the Orders of the House, in the last Session of Parliament j as followeth:

Bristol; Credit on, 'Devon; Tiverton; City of Exeter; Bury St. Edmunds; Kingston upon; King's Lynn,

Norfolk-, Sudbury, Suffolk-, Gloucester\; Can-

terbury , Hundred of Colins and Culford, Suffolk; Hun-d red of \IutffirA and T —; o./rn

---- -by virtue of the c*; Ul m"" -----,----

JP.UCJ* thereof has been respective Acts, and how

laid Years, and what part V1'^arged, within each of the aJlo Copies of all their t*ereo^ remains unpaid; and Regulations. *ye Laws, Rules, Orders, and

Mr. Lifter presented. 4-oer, a Bill for repairirkc House, according to Or-

the Market Cross, ;n ^>txd widening the Road from &c-

ford Bridge, in the Township of , to

of Lancaster: And tK of Blackburn, in the County First Time. e f^-the was received; and read the

Chthero,

Resolved, That tb.e lii\\ be read a Second Time.

________ Vf. tui fS) ui jmtHdC

l^oaaen and Havering, Norfolk; Hundred of Wangford, and County of Dane aft

Suffolk; Hundred of Lots an dWilford, Ditto; Chickef- and read the First. Tim ter; City of Chester; St. Sepulchre's Pardh. "MiAAur^.. D r '

n - t -

— ...j , ..uuuicvj w uwm &na uutford, Suffolk; Hun- Mr. Lifter prefers.t.^«d to the House, *CCp ons,

dred of Mutford and Lothingland, Suffolk; Hundred of Order, a Bill for dividing: and inclosing the n.

Bofmere and Cletydon, Suffolk; Hundred of Samford, or Waste Grounds, within the Vitt, Hamlet«

Suffolk-, Hundred of Blything, in Ditto; Hundred of ship, of Little Harwood, in the Patish o _rr;ved*

Lodden and Clavering, Norfolk ^Hundred of Wangford. and.Counts r -nr often z And the feme was reco

Resolved, That Bill be read a Second Time.

— ivuaaujex; O Id The Lord A according to Order,

tm^f0^^^eu:.ht much of atT Act,

been made for the Poor by speaal Acts of Parliament, made in the yIa^bfHis present Majesty’s Reign,

the OrdeiTof^he"^ S made, although intituled " Ata Act to continue and amend an Act,

WoSg m foemH°ot b"nfent *» th' " ma?e in the Fifth Year of the Reign of H. p.e-

g- " ’ z- «< few Majesty, int ituled. An Act for Importation of

" Salted Beef, T*orle, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, " for a limited Time i and for allowing the Importa-, . " tion of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from

As also a LiftVf PhceTwhere0'S5 , " the British Dominions in America, for a limited

been made for the Poor by special have " Time," as relates to the Importation of Salted

but the Orders of the House have not L0t rament J Beef> Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland-, and Officers belonging to the Houses of InduS/^? bother made in the Fifth Year of His pre-

houses; as followeth, duttry» or Work- sent Majesty’s "Reign, intituled, 4« An Act to permit

St. Margaret, Westminster -, St Georr, o " the free Importation of Cattle from was

Vol. 35. Hanover Square j commuted, the Amendment which the Committee

Harwood

Salted

O O---- V >

Shaftejlury, City of Hereford-, , in Corn-

wall -, City of Worcester; City of Oxford; Southampton -, St. Leonard, Shoreditch; Sr. in the Fields; St. George, Bloomsbury St. Saviour, Southwark.

As also a List, of Place* «-k — -

Lea Inc lo Jure.

Mutiny and Desertion j America.

Shafteflbury

Election.

Ditto.

Ditto,

$$ zi6 FebruariL ‘ A. 1776i

hadf' rriade *o the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his P4ace$ and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: WJjfcre the Amendment was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to (t)rder, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the fevetah Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Ma-nor-6f Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Crick, and South-vsinfield, in' the County of Derby: And the same was’ received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s " Dominions in America, an Act, passed in the present <fi Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pu-<c nishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better " Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and for " extending the Provisions of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in AmericaAnd the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to disffanchile and incapacitate certain! Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 4th Day of Match next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That a printed Copy of the said Bill, and the Order for reading it a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight the 4th Day of March next, be served on all the several Parties named therein.

Ordered, That leaving the said Copies at the last Places of Abode (within the said Borough) of the Persons named in the said Bill, be deemed good Service.

The House was moved, that the Order made upon the 9th Day of this Instant February, for the Attendance of Mr. Edward Buckland, Mr. Henry Edwards, Mr. Richard Buckland, Mr. Archibald Oram, Mr. Michael London, Mr. Philip Matthews, Mr. James Ridout, Mr. John Bennett, Mr. James Snook, Mr. Matthew Merefield, Mr. John Foot, Mr. John Wilton, and Mr. John Roberts Everett, upon this Day Sevennight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Archibald Oram do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight the 4th Day of March next, upon the Second Reading of the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael London do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Ridout do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Snook do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Foot do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. ‘John Wilton do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr Edward Buckland do attend this House, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Achefon do attend this House, at the same Time.

' Ordered^ That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Fore hoe, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several other Amendments were made to Clause

A

And the said Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being Teverally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That Proceedings tshall not be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill,

Then several Amendments were made, by the House> to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 6th Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conllder of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Life of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staff or dshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and also Two cpilateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook, with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kings-winford, in the said County of Stafford;

j 6 Ordered,

Foreho*

Poor-'

Peer

Stealing

Exporting

Provision*., J

Stourbr

Cana!

r6 Geo. JII. 210Februdrii. 589

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second several Proprietors of Salt Works, and of the chief Stourbridge Time. Magistrales and principal Inhabitants of the Borough C*n*l.

1 Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in- of Droitwich, in the County* of Worce/ler; and also.

And the said Bill was reatl.a Second Time. the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town

And the Petition of John Hodgetts, of Preftwood, in and Neighbourhood of Upton upon Severn, in the the County of Stafford, Esquire, the Reverend Paul County of Worcester, whole Names are thereunto fub*

White, Clerk, and Susanna Seager, Spinster, both of (cribed; and also, the Petition of the Master, War-A Kinfare, in the same County^ Owners of Land in the dens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants* several Parishes of KingJzvinford and Kinfare, or One of Venturers.of the City of Bristol, under their Common them, in the said County of Stafford; and also the Peti* Seal; and also, the Petition of the principal Burgesses tion of John Hoagetts, Esquire, and Edward Knight, and Inhabitants of the Borough Tewksbury, in the Esquire, Owners' and Proprietors of several Forges, County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of the Slitting Mills, Wire Mills, and other Works, situate ManufactuVers, Traders, Freeholders, and principal on or near the River Stour, in the fevqral Counties of Inhabitants, of tl\e Town of Dudley, in the County of Stafford and Worcester, and of Abraham Spooner, Worcester, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also,

Esquire, John Knight, Esquire, John Ryland, Richard the Petition of several of the principal Owners and Marfion, George Stbkes, and Moses harper, Occupiers, Workers of Coal Mines, on Behalf of themselves and Tenants, and Workers, of several of the said Forges, the other Proprietors of Coal Mines, lying in the several Mills, and Works, on Behalf of themselves, and the Parishes of Oldfwinford and Kingswinford, and in the other Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Tenants, and Neighbourhood of Stourbridge, in the Counties of JVor-Workers, of the Forges, Mills, and Works aforesaid; after and Stafford respectively; and also, the Petition and also the Petition of the Traders and other Inha- of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, Freeholders, bitants of the Borough of Bridgenorth, in the County and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Wolver of Salop\ and also, the Petition of the several Persons hampton, in the County of Stafford; and also, the Peti-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of tion of several of the Merchants, Manufacturers, themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town Coal and Iron Mines, and Iron Works, situate in of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also, the several Parishes of Madeley, Dawley, Brofeley, the Petition of the principal Gentlemen and Inhabitants*

Benthall, Barrow, Little Wenlock, and Wellington, in of the Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford,

County of Salop; and also, the Petition of the Traders and the Parts adjacent, in favour of the said Bill, were and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Wellington, also read.

Little Wenlock, Dawley, Madeley, Brofeley, Benthall, And the Coufel for the several Petitions against the and Barrow, in the County of Salop; and also, the Bill were heard.

Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Then the Counsel for the Petition of the several Per-and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood fons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, not in- of themselves and other Owners and Proprietors of terested as Proprietors in- the Birmingham Canal; and Lands, Coal and Iron Mines, and Iron Works, situate also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of in the several Parishes of Madeley, Dawley, Brofeley, the Birmingham Canal Navigation, under their Com- Benthall, Barrow, Little Wenlock, and Wellington, in monSeal; and also, the Petition of the principal Coal the County of Salop, examined several Witnesses, and Matters and Owners of Mines in the Neighbourhood went through their Evidence, in support of the said of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and also, Petition.

the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Then the Counsel for the Petition of John Hodgetts, holders, and Farmers, of the Parishes of Bromsgrove, of Preftwood, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, the Bell Broughton, Alveckurch, Coston - hackett, Hagley, Reverend Paul White, Clerk, and Susanna Seager, Chaddcfiey-corbett, Pedmore, Stone, and Hartitbury, in Spinster,* and for the Petition of John Hodgetts, Esquire, ' the County of Worcester, Tar debig, in the Counties of and Edward Knight, Esquire, examined a Witness.

Worcester and Warwick, and Broom and Clent, in the County And the said Counsel having proposed to examine

of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and the Reverend Mr Hinton, in support of the said Two also, the Petition of the Traders and other Inhabitants last mentioned Petitions; and Mr. Hinton, at the Bar, of the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of Salop; informing the House, that he had subscribed a Sum of and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Money in support of the before-mentioned Petition of Merchants, and Manufacturers, in the Neighbourhood the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fub* of Stourbridge and Dudley, in the County of Worcester, feribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners against the said Bill; and also, the Petition of the and Proprietors of Lands, Coal and Iron Mines, and Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Wor- IronWorks, situate in the several Parishes of Madeley, cester, in Council assembled; and also, the Petition of Dawley, Brofeley, Benthall, Barrow, Little Wenlock, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough Wellington, in the County of Salop, against the said Bill; of Stratford upon. Avon, in the County of Warwick, in And the CoUnfel for the Rill objecting to the said Mr. Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, Hinton being.examined as? a Witness, by the said Coun-and also of the Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants in lei, on account of his having subscribed a Sum of and near the same Borough; and also, the Petition of Money in support of One of the Petitions against the the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, laid Bill; ,

of the City of Gloucester, in Council assembled; and The said Mr. Hinton was directed to withdraw, also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the And the Counsel^ for the Bill having been heard, is* City of Gloucester \ and also, the Petition of the Bailiff, support of their Objections; *

Justice, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of The Counsel for the Petition of John Hodgftis, of &idderminster, in the County of Worcester, in Common \ Preftwood, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, the Hall assembled, under their Common Seal, and of the Reverend Paul White, Clerk, and Sifanna S eagerp principallnhabitants residing in the said Borough; and Spinster, £ttd for the Petition Hodgetts, Esquire*

also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital and Edward Knight, Esquire, were heard ia Ansa* Burgesses, Chamberlain, and others, the principal In- r thereto. M b 1

habitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County And the Counsel for the Bill having beeq h$ard by of Worcester; and also, the Petition of the Steward, way of Reply;

Bailiff, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Ctrencfier, The Counsel for and against the BtU W distfifccd ‘ in the County of Gloucester; and also, the Petition of fto withdraw. .*

Yql. 35. r 7 L Aqd

Gooal

21° — Fubmtirii. A. 1776.

Stourbridge And a Motion -bein£ itfade; and the Question 'being* C,na‘* put, That the Reverend Mr. Hinton bd now called in, and examined; .

It patllxl in the Negative.

And the Counsel were again called in; and Mr; Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Counsel for the Petition of Hodgetts, of Prejlwood, in the County of , Esquire, the

Rpverend Paid White, Clerk, and Sufaitna Spinster, and for the Petition of John Esquire,

and Edward Knight, Esquire, proceeded; and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tuejdaynext, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply.. Resolved., That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into 3 Committee of the whole I loufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday and Mean*. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

D"cf!,y Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Cornwall. *ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of or

annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 22® die Februarii\

Anno 16* Georgii ill01 Regis, .1776. Prayers.

And read; Setting-forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That L,eave hath been given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and Commonable I and, in the Manor and Parish of Great and Little Hampton aforesaid; and that the Petitioners conceive that such Inclosure will be very detrimental and injurious to their Interests and Properties in the lavd Open and Common Fields:

And therefore praying, That they may not be compelled to alter the present Mode of Enjoyment of their relpejftive Properties in the said Open and Common Fields, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pals into a I.aw.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing arid inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Hand, within the Parish' of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester, be read a Second Time^ and that the Petitioners- be then heard, by their Count'd, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and keeping in Rc- Doncaster pair the Road leading from Doncaster to Bawtry, in the " Counties of York and Nottingham, was read the Third Roa4 Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the lload from Doncaster, to the Turnpike Road which leads from Bawtry to RetJ'ord, in the Counties of York and Nottingham.;

Ordered, That Mr. Lffcellesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Cocks do carry to the Lords, Leigf, the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, and all'o a certain Parcel or Tract of Common and W atte Land, called The Rink, and other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and , Parish of Leigh, othervviie Ley, in the County of Wor-

cetler; and desire the Concurrence" of their Lordships thereto.

Aflerby V N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain The Lord reported from the Committee, to

Gouicebv Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

inclosure. and:.o^her Commonable Lands, within the Townships and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-t ^AJferbynxuX Gotdceby, in the County of Lincoln, was dows, and Commonable I^ands, within the Township, read the Third1 Time. Hamlet, Precincts,. or Liberties, of Blackthorn, in the

- Resolved, Hut the Bill do pals: And that the Title Parish of in the County of Oxjord, was

bef. Anfkft fot dividing and inclosing certain;Open committed: That the Committee had examined, and Common Fields, fngs, Common Pastures, and' other found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the ppnimonable Lands, within the Townships of Ajlerby 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had and Goufreby,:in. the County of Lincoln. been complied with} and that the Committee had

Ordered, That Lord -fimfl/z/oze Bertie do carry the Bill examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the

Jo. the Lords,;and desire their Concurrence. same to be true; and that the Parties concerned haxl

*u , given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

Dumfee a T, Mr. Dempjer. prelim ted to the House, according to the Committee (except Mrs. who is Lady of

Two Pennies Order, a~ Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted the Manor, and also, pofle fled of Three Yard lands

Vots' by Three . Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two and an Half ini the said Common Fields, who refuted

pennies Scots upon, every Pint of Ale and Beef, brewed to sign the Bill, and laid the would have nothing tp do

and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the with it; and that the Whole of the said Common

.ibqtfres audSufoujbs thereof, for the Purposes in the Fields Consists of Thirty-nine Y’ard Lands, and iqj-layl Acts mentioned i 'And the same was received; and wards, and that no Person appeared before the Conj-^ad the first TiuiCfc ,! ' mittcC to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee

\y\iRfftfved3 That the BiH be read a Second Time. had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ts-Mn.V. . * ments thereunto; which they had directed him |o

H'tmptau A Petition of several of the Proprietors of, and rCport to the House; and he read the Report in j-ncUmire. Jlcrfcns; intended in, the Uninclosed and Commonable his Plaice; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with 'Land, lying in the Open and Common Fields,* withm the Amendments, in at die Clerk’s Table: Where yhgMipiq^afic). Pfirish of Great and Little Hampton, in the Amendments were Once read throughout; the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon fcrA - " tho

Blackthorn

Inclosure*

i 6 Geo. III.

22° Februarii,

59r

Weymouth

Sheets.

the Quell ioa severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Amendments thergunto, which they had directed mm to the Houicr. report to the House; and he read the lteport in his Place »

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,. ingrossed. in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments ^5rc

Once read throughout, anti then a Second dime, One Mr. Purling reported from the Committee, to by One \ and, upon the C^ncftion severally put thereupon, whom the Petition of several of the principal In- were agreed to by the House.

habitants of the Borough and Tow'n of Weymouth and Order, That the Bill, with the Amendments, t>o \lekombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, and alto the ingrossed.

Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough f Salted

and Town of H'ey mouth and Nlelcombe Regis, in the An ingrossed Bill for making perpetual Vo much o Ued, Stc. County of Dorset, were severally referred; That the an Act, made in tVve Eighth Year of His preterit

Committee had examined the Matters of the said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " Am. Act. to continue . Petitions; and had directed him to report the " and amend an Act:, made in the Tilth Year of the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he " Reign of His preterit TVlajelky, intituled, An Act for read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it " Importation of salted. - Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butin at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and " ter, from , for a limited Time \ and fat ah

is as followeth; viz. " lowing the Importation of fatted Beei, Potk, Bacon,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. " and Butter, from tVie British Dominions in America Francis Steward, Alderman of the said Borough and " for a limited Time as relates to the lrnuoTtaUon of Town, being examined, laid, That the Streets, Lanes, salted Beef, Pork, llacon, arid "Butter, front and other public Passages within the said Borough and also another Act:, made in the Fifth \e f u- and Town, are not projierly paved, cleansed, lighted, present Majesty’s lleign, intituled, " t

Or watched; and by reason of several Bulks, Porches, " mit the free Importation ot Cattle from/^f

' ' ' r'" ' 1 Time.

was

and other Projections, the Passages through the same read the Third

are rendered incommodious and unlafe: That tite Bill do pals: ,

An Act for making perpetual fh i"a* the Title

- ' °2S.«(»«,

be.

That several of the said Streets are now repaired by _ __

the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of made in the Eighth Year of His °* an Act,

the First Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for re- Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue"* aiefty’s pairing several Roads leading through the said Borough " an Act, made in the Fifth Year of th/n<t» arnent*-

" His present Majesty, intituled, An Act f of

" tation of Salted licet; Pork, Bacon an°f J111501'" " from for a limited 'Lime; and for alW^l’

" the Importation of salted Becfj Pork, Bacon, and

pairing and Town:

That it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Tow’n, and to all Persons retorting thereto, if the said Streets and other Places

were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, " Butter, from the^ British Dominions in America, for and all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances " a limited Time,’* as relates to the Importation of therein removed; and if the Chairmen working for, salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland;

Hire within the said Borough and ’I’own were put apd also another Act, made in the Fifth Year of His iinder proper Regulations: present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to per- .

That it is not proposed to paye the Carriage Way " niit the free Importation of Cattle ixoveilr eland." of Inch Streets as are directed to be repaired by the Ordered, That the Lord Midletondo carry the Bill to find Act, but only to new pave the Foot Paths in those the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Streets, and make the same commodious, with proper

Croflings for Foot Passengers; and that in order to A Message from the Lqrds by . Mr. Leeds and Mr. , enable the Inhabitants to defray the Expence attending RePhJtp \ "

the several Works before mentioned, it is proposed ^Mr. Speaker, -

to collect a small Toll on Sundays from Passengers on The, Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Horseback and in Carriages. , Act for continuing the Term, and varying the R.oa4.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thitd and for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King. within the Borough and Town of Weymouth and the Second, for repairing the Road from that. Part Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, and for re- of Chatham which lies next to the City of moving all Encroachments, Obstatftions, and Annoy- to St. DunJlatCs Crops, near the City of Canter busy, in tht ances, therein; anti for paving certain Streets, Foot County of Kent j and for amending and widening the Paths, and other Places, and for regulating the Hack- Road from the present Turnpike Road, at or near a ney Chairmen, within the said Borough and Town* Place called Corner, in the Paxdh of

And that Mr. Purling, Mr. Eft is, Mr. tucker, and Ml*, to Bagham and Lane in the.

Grove, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. „ Forish oU . Chilharn, \n the said County \ without any

' t Amendment: And also,

Desborough Mr. Pozvys reported from the Committee, to whom The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A.£L for Hales’ Inclosure. the Bill for dividing’ and ‘ inclosing the Open and veiling certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, vn. the hflate Common Fields, in the Parish of Desborough, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the' Cotvinty

County* of Northampton, was committed; . That the of , together with a capital Meftiuge bu\\t. on

Committee liad examined, and found that the Standing Part thereof, deviled by the YVill of Sir 7®""

Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April xe-, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to amgrx the.

lative to Bills, of Incloiure, had been complied w\tji;' f^me to Herbert, Esquire, pursuant to an Agret-

4nd thp.t the Committee, had examined the Allegations- ment for that Purpose; and for applying the Corvlide-of the Billj'and found the same to be true; aftd that ration Money in such Manner as in the Act is rnen-she Parties* concerned had given theif Consent to the' tioned; to which the Lords dtfire the Concurrence of Bill, fo1 the Satisfaction of the Committee. (except the this floufe: And also

r> } r 1 % . 1 -11 " i > . r 4 -1 rn. t 1 1

Proprietors of Lands to the Amount of 345 Acres, or, The Ixrds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Pewfev thereabouts; and that the *Whole of the Lands* in- veftii

rolling the / Ad vow son of the Heftory of \ in Advowloi

tended to be divided and inclosed qmount ,to 1890 die County of IVills (Part of the Ellate compnted in-Acres or thereabouts; 'and that/no, Pexfon appeared the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late Lord Holland, before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the deceased) in /Lrciftees and their Heirs, in d rull, to be Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several (old; *and *for laying out the Aloncv to arifr thereby VOL.35.

in

C.00QK

592

220 Februarii.

J- 1776.

in finishing and completing a Mansion House at Winter flow, in the same County; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pewfey , An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ad row ion. for vesting the Advowlbn of the Rectory of , in

the County of Wilts, (Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late Lord,

deceased) m Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold i and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in finishing and completing a Mansion House at Winter-flow, in the same County, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t

King’s The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Sedgmoor Monday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for t»ci«ure. dividing, and inclosing a certain Tract of

Commonable Land, commonly called King’s Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, upon Tuesday next, might be read.

And the £ud Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the ill Day of March next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Sandwich The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

Drainage. Reading of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of

Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General tallies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of several Merchants, Traders, Owners and Matters of Vessels, and others, Inhabitants . of the Town apd Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, against the said Bill; and also the Petition of the Occupiers of Marsh Lands, Meadow Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Valley of Lydden (containing 3,210 Acres and an Half, or thereabouts), within the Limits of the Commission of Sewers for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, in favour of the said Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in support of their said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard, and examined a Witness in support of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard, by way of Reply j

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to with- draw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kftight, Mr. Marram, See.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Butohen The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com-Company. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Alfillants, of the Art or Mystery of Butchers of the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; a State whereof they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his *5

Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read j and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition is as follows:

It appeared to your Committee, that his late Majesty King George the Second did, by his Royal Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the 10th Day of October, in the Twenty-third Year of his Reign, incorporate the Freemen of the Society of the Art or Mystery of Butchers, within the City of London, and all Persons who then did, or thereafter should use or exercise the said Art or Mystery, within the said City, the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, and within the Space of Two Miles of the said City, with Power for the said Corporation to overlook, inr speft, and govern all Persons exercising or using the said Art or Mystery, and to inspect all Flesh Meat exposed for Sale within the Limits* aforesaid; and with full Power and Authority to make Bye-Laws, for the better and more effectual carrying the Intent of the said Letters Patent into Execution; and that, by virtue of the Powers granted to the said Company by their Charter, they did make and establish divers Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations, for the better governing the Members of the said Corporation, by which every Member thereof is to pay the Sum of Four Shillings annually, to be applied for carrying the Purposes of the said Charter into Execution; which laid Bye-Laws, Rules, and Regulations were approved of and signed by the late Earl of Hardwick, then Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Right honourable Sir William Lee, Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, and the Right honourable Sir John Chief Justice

of the Court of Common Pleas.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Examination of several Witnesses, that the said Company had frequently detested Persons exposing unwholesome Flesh Meat to Sale, and had caused such Meat to be publicly burnt; and that in case they could allow competent Salaries to a proper Number of Persons to attend and inspect all Markets, and other Places, within the Limits of their Charter, where Flesh Meat is fold, the pernicious Practice of exposing to Sale unwholesome Meat might in a great Measure be prevented; but that the employing a sufficient Number of Persons for that Purpose will be attended with a great Expence.

And it further appeared to your Committee, that all the Members of the said Corporation who are free of the Company, pay Four Shillings annually towards defraying the Expences of the said Corporation but Doubts have arisen whether such Members of the said Corporation as are not free of the said Company, can be compelled to contribute towards defraying the Expences of the said Corporation; and that, unless all such Members can be compelled to pay the like annual Sum as the Freemen of the said Company now pay, and some further Powers granted to the said Company, they cannot put a Stop to the pernicious Practice of exposing to Sale unwholesome Flesh Meat within the Limits of their Charter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for better enabling the Company of Butchers of the City of London to prevent exposing unwholesome Flesh Meat to Sale within the Limits of their Charter: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Skipwith do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then Hie House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Upton

Inclosure.

.MVxfton

Inclosure.

Lincoln

Heath

Roads.

Alkcrton

Inclosure.

Blackthorn

Inclosure.

16 Geo. III.

23® Febru

Feneris, 230 die F

Anno 16® Georgii IIIMI Regis, 1776.

Order, a Bill for dividing *n<3 inciting

Common Fields, and other CommonaWe Larick,

Hamlets of Barton and Martcleev in the *

ford, and County of Warwick: And the feme was received; and read the Pirft Time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second lime.

1 Barfb(t *n<t" Martcleert Inclosure.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing John Hoffman, was

read the Third Time. . re.-,.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafe*. And that the Title

Hoffman's

Nat.

in the Parish of Upton,. in the County of Lincoln, was be, An Act for naturalizing John Hoffman

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Sir John Rttjhout, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenyns do carfy the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to the

An ingrafted Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Titne.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made

Porch oe Poor.

To leave

Three

U

?"} "Six," aid

mstead thereof.

infeit

A Bill for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to inclose the Heath Lands and Low Commons, or Fen to the Bill; viz.

Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, in the County of , Pr. z8. 1. 33.

Lincoln; and for veiling the Glebe I^ands, Vicarial Tythes, and Right of Common, belonging to the And the said Amendment was, upon the'cT (V Vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, thereupon, agreed to by the House; gn(i and for making a Compensation to the Vicar of the said amended at the Table accordingly. the "ill was

Parish in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pa/s; And th

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-, be. An Act for the better Relief and JR j Title

low Bertie, Sir John Rufhout, &c.: And they are to meet the Poor, within the Hundred of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s of Norfolk. "e County

Clumber.

Ordered, That Mr.' Bacon do carry the

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 1 wenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading

Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Bill

to the

Mr. Curzon reported from the Committee, to who the Bill for dividing and inclosing Corn

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County

Peterborough, and from the East End of Marham was committed; That the Committee had examined*

Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn, to the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, the Town of Coljlerworth, and from Donnington High had been complied with 5 and that the Committee had' Bridge to the Croft' Post, in the Parish of Hacconby, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found die and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, the Committee (except the Owners of Lands within ' County of Lincoln, " was read a Second the said Manor, of the annual Value of £. 144. 10 /. '

and that the Whole of the Lands within the said Manor are of the annual Value of f. 967. 10;.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to

Ruthton

Spencer

indofure.

in the

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brown-low Bertie, Mr. Luttrell,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone

Chamber.

A Bill Common Grounds,

for dividing and inclosing the Open and Field, and other Commonable Lands and lying within the Parish - and Liberties of

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Alkerton, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One Time. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip- were agreed to by the House. with, the Lord Woman, he.:And they are to meet Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lathis Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s grofled.

Chamber. A-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A.C An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open for veiling certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, in the and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County dows, and Commonable Lands, within the Township, of M, together with a capital Messuage buttt: on Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties of Blackthorn, in the Part thereof, deviled by the \Vill of Sir J0* tizzies, Parish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford, was Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to aflipi the read the Third Time. feme to Henry JfLerhert, Esquire, pursuant to an Agree-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ment for that I^orpose, and for applying the Considera-be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and tion Money in such Manner as in the Act is mentioned.

Hales'*

Eifartea.

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea dows, and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties, of Blackthorn, in the Parish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford,

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Skipwith presented to the House, according to Vol. 35. ’ '

Sir Charles Tf^/tieroorth reported from the Committee,

to whom the JPetition of Taylor, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; arid* had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

7 M 4 . the

Tnrlor’s

Paten

C^Cfp

sm

Febrtia

A. 177 <5.

Taylor's p Patent.

A

the Report. m. hi§afterwards delivered it. in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the G*merWas read; and is as followeth; viz., v.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, dated the 6th Day, of December, i;n the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, granting an exclusive Privilege to Elizabeth Taylor, of the Town of Soitihariiptoii) Widow, Relict;, and Executrix of Walter Taylor, late of the same Place, Block-maker, of siting, fifing, and vending, an Engine for making Blocks, Shivers, and Pins, for the Use. of the Royal NayycMjsrGjiant $, vand others, for the Ternd of Fourteen Years, of the Invention of her said Hufbaixd.; were produced to your Committee, and read.

Theflr: 4nf Affightnent of the said Letters Paterst, d$&d thp lft Day of February 1775, from the said Elizabeth Taylor to the Petitioner, was also produced, anji;r$ad: And, .

Mr. Thomas Cofway, Master Attendant at Deptford Tpd, being examined, informed; your Committee, That the Blocks that ..have beefi under his Inspection, and made by Mr. Taylor y are of greater Utility than any Blocks heaver law; and that by the Use of the said Blocks a great Saving accrues to Government, as well as to Trade in general, at least One Fourth Part being saved in the Expfence; and that they are much quicker of Use, add to Purchase, and contribute more to the Expedition in working a Ship, than any other Blocks, so that Two Men will perform as much with these as Three Men can with Blocks upon the old Construction.

Then a Member present informed your Committee, That he was well acquainted with the Utility of the said Blocks, having been at the Works; and that they are superior to any other Blocks.

Another Member present informed your Committee, That he Was a Commissioner of the Admiralty when these Blocks were examined and compared with those which had been before in Use; and that by the unanimous Opinion of the Board of Admiralty, they were recommended to the NavyiBoard. And,

Robert Gregfotiy EsquirC, produced to your Committee, Copy of an Official Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy, to John Clevland, Esquire, then Secretary of the Admiralty: Which Letter was read; and is as fojio.weth;

iC " Navy Office, 5th August 1762.

" In Obedience to the Directions of the Right honbl° " the Lords Commissioners of 'the Admiralty, we have " taken into Cdnsideration tl>£ Proposal of Mr. Walter " Taylor, for erecting Engines in His Majesty’s Yards for making Blocks for the Navy, after a better " Method than is now practised; and having examined " the Patterns Mr, Taylor had provided, we directed " an Experiment to be made of their; Utility in His Majesty’s Yard at Deptford, at which tome of the " Members of this Board were present. In the course " of the Trial we were fully satisfied of the Advan-H tages that would be obtained by the Use of thfcfe " Blocks; as by their being cut with greater Accuracy " than those with which the Navy is at present supplied, the Friction is considerably reduced, and the " Purchase CQnfeque&tly increased: We are therefore " of Opinion this Improvement will be of great Benefit " to His Majesty’s Service, hoping that a considerable " Saving will be made by the L'fe of them, in the Wear " S>{ the Blocks and Rigging of the Fleet.

" As the erecting Mr. Taylor's Engines in His Majesty’s Yards for cutting Blocks after his Method, " for the Supply of the Navy, would be attended with V many Inconveniences,; and a greater Expence thin " by their being supplied by Contract, and be being willing to undertake the Block-maker’s Contract at u Port [mouthy we have agreed with him accordingly, " and likewise to take such Blocks as be- has at grelenL zi

\ " by him ready made; proposing to extend this Improvement into general Use, as the Nature of the Service ' " will admit of its befng'.done.

" We are, Sir,

" Your very humble Servants,

" G. Cockbumey

" Jolm Clevland, Esqr. <«.

i f' iy A Copy. M: " T. BrettT

-. ‘ " Geo. Marjk": 1.

‘Mr. Cofway likewise produced to your Committee, Copy of a. Let ter from the Officers of Portspmith Yard to the Navy Board: Which Letter was also read; and is as followeth.

« Honbic Sirs> " Portsmouth Dock, 27 Jany 1767,

" You having been pleased to acquaint us by Letter " of the 23d Instant, that Mr. ' had in- *

" formed you that the Blocks served into His Majesty’s " Yard at Portsmouth by Mr. Taylor, the Constru&or,-",are so much shrunk in the Mortife, that the Shivers " will not act; and directed us to let you know in " what State we find the Blocks that have laid any " time in Store, particularly those that are {trapped: ".We are humbly to acquaint you, we have carefully examined a great many that were {trapped in the Year 1704, many of which we conceive were " served into Store in 1763, and find the Shivers to " act with great Ease. We have likewise very accurately examined a great Number that have been " Three Voyages in His Majesty’s Ship Guernsey to* " Newfoundland, and are going the Fourth, being " quite perfect, and in all Appearances equally service^ " able as when they were first issued to her; which " being signified, we remain,

" Honblc Sirs,

" Yours, tsfc. £ffc.

" John Greenway, E. Pomroy,.

" Thamos Cofway, The? Snell."

And Mr. Cofway further said. That the common Blocks are feidom fit to go a Second Voyage to New* foundland. '

Then several Blocks of the Invention of Mr. Taylm, And Blocks upon the old Construction, were produced to your Committee; and it appeared upon Inspection and Comparrfon of the said Blocks, that the former were much stronger, and attended with a much less Degree of Friction; and that they were wrought with a wonderful Degree of Accuracy.

Mr. John Gofnell being examined, said. That he re-, membered very near the first Construction of those Blocks; that Mr. Taylor had been at a very great Expence in erecting the Engines, and injured his Health very much by his great Application to them.; that the Profit arising therefrom was not adequate to the Labour; and the Witness knew that Mr. Taylor was a great Loser by them — That Mr. Walter Taylor, the present Patentee, has been at great Expence in making Improvements, and by the Methods now taken by him, and the Expence of a Water-Mill, very considerable Improvements have been made. And,

Mr. John Lowe informed your Committee, That he had teen the said Water-Mill, and that he was a Judge of it, and knew it must have cost Mr. Taylor more than £.1,000. Then,

Mr. James Sheene informed your Committee, That, he knew the deceased Mr. Taylor, and was well acquainted with him; and that from the Trouble and Expence of prosecuting this Invention, he not only injured his Health, but almost ruined his Family; that the Witness believes it cost him 12 or £. 14,000; and that unless the Term of the said Letters Patent is pro~ longed, Mr. Taylor cannot be paid the Expences he has been at.

And Mr. Taylor produced to your Committee* his

c Boob

Estimates

presented;

Army.

16 Geo. III.

23" Februani.

593

Book of Accounts and Memorandums, whereby it aj> both inclusive; and also, in Hie of tlx ec

.peered that he had employed a Capital of between of the Troops of Duke of m

6 and £. 7,000 in this Business, during the last Thirteen the Pay of Great # from jft March 1776, to

Years, and that he had received only a Profit of Jf. 1,027, 24th. December following, both , which were without allowing any Interest for hiHMoney. pitfdnted to the TJoufb upon Monda) loll}

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for - That the said Eft [mates be withdrawn, id.

enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His order persect

present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor, of the Town of - And the said Kflimare’s being withdrawn;

Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of The Lord Barrmgtdn pre&nted to *the House, by Hit certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, anti other Appa- Majesty’s

ratus, for making Blocks, Shivers, and Pins, used in ' Estimate of the Charge of 12,394 Men, the Troop* the Rigging of Ships: And that Sir Charles Whitworth, of the Landgrave of Hrffe , in the Pay of Crrorf Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Sloane, do prepare, and bring in, Britain,- for the Year 1776, pursuant to'Treaty: And the lame. 1 also, '

/ Estimate of Charge of 4,300 Men, the Troop* Notice being taken of some Errors and Inaccuracies of the Reigning Duke of in the Pay df

in the Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Land- Great Britain, for the Year 1776, pursuant to Treaty, grave o ( Heft Cajfell, in the Pay of Great Britain, And the Titles of the said Eft i mates were read.

from i ft March 1776, to the 24th December following,: The laid Estimatcs are as followeth j

ft t 4 r *

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 12,394 Men, the Troops of the Landgravo of

Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1776, pursuant to Treaty. ifi thf

Numbers.

pa r.

328 Days Pay of 8,397 Men, including Staff Officers, from ift February 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive' -

280 Days Pay of 3,997 Men, from 20th March 1776 -to 24th December following, both inclusive - -.

Levy Money for 11,841 Men of the above Troops, at Banco Crowns per Man -

Advanced Subsidy for 345 Days, from 15th January 1776 to 24th December following, at the Rate of 450,000 Banco.

Crowns per Annum -

*>397

3*997

Total

,2»S94

War Office, 23d February 1776.

Barrington.

To Ta>l.

£ £ 140,558 18 8

53*503 — 10

194*061 ip 6

85*4774 4

102,348 — 7

£. 381,887 4 5i

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 4,300 Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, the

Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1776, pursuant to Treaty.

314 Days Pay of 2,282 Men, including Staff Officers, from 15th February 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive - -

Two Months advanced Pay, previous to the March of the said Troops, pursuant to Treaty - -

275 Days Pay of 2,018 Men, from 25th March 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive -Two Months advanced Pay, previous to the March of the said Troops, pursuant to Treaty - -

Tevy Money for 4,064 Men of the above Troops, at 30 Banco Crowns per Man - -

Ordinary Subsidy from 9th January 1776 to 24th of December following, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns per Annum

War Office, 23d February 1776, Vol. 33.

Total

Barrington.

Numbers.

3,2 8z

,0 18

4>3°°

PA 7 y.

£ j.

40,309 1 n

7 5

| 26,802 3 9

1 5.847 *5 — |

| - 1

I m

7 11

T O T A i*r

A.

80,918

7

x 1,076 1 6

3 r

29,48* 7 6

£.121,473 12

Ordered,

23° Februarii. A- 1776.

Ordered, Tlut the said Eftipiates do lie upon the Table, to be- peruled by the Members of the House.

k -

Witnctfo Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, who were appointed to take into rConsideration what Mr.

AttcudliKe. acquainted the House with, upon,

the 15th Day of this Instapt February, (of his having received an Application from several Persons, who were Chfnc to Town*.in Qbedience tft the Orders of the House, to be examined the Day before, as Witnesses, oh the Consideratiort of thq Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed in the last Session of Parliament, to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Mor-

timer, 'Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and iBetum for the borough of , otherwise Shaftef-

bttry, in the County of , and who are now detained in Town, by Order of the House, till Wednesday the 28th Iqstant, to desire, that they may have some Compensation for their Trouble and the Expences of their Journey, and by their being detained in Town from their Families and Business), and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, and what may be proper to be done in Cafes df a-similar Nature:- That the Committee^ had considered the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; -and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it irt at the -Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as tblloweth; viz.

William Mitford, Esquire, a Clerk in the Treasury, being examined by your Committee, laid, That there are Two Ways of paying Money directed to be paid to any Witnesses, oir other Persons, employed in Matters of public Inquiry before the House; one by His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, in consequence of an' Address from the House;-and the other by Order of the Lords of the Treasury, and not in consequence of such an Address — And that hie knows Mr. White received of the Treasury £. -950, by Sign Manual,

Surlhant to an Addrds of this House,- (praying His Majesty to give Directions to pay the above Sum, and to allure_ him that the House would make good the lame;) and that this Money was paid as a Compensation for his Attendance and Expences as Clerk for the Committee of Secresy, appointed to inquire fnto the Affairs of the East India Company

That on the 23d of 1774, Thomas,

one of tfye Clerks of the East India House, received the Sum of £. too for his extraordinary Trouble in attending the Committee appointed to inquire into the Nature, State; and Condition of the East India Company, and of the British Affairs in the East Indies; and that the laid Money was paid in consequence of His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, pursuant to an Address of this House. — -and the said Witness, upon being asked by your Committee, Whether he knew of any Instance of Money paid to Persons for limilar Purposes, where no Sign Manual or Address of the House have interposed ? laid. That on the ill of 1772, the Lords

of the Treasury directed £. 2co to be paid to Mr. John BenJ'on, for attending the last mentioned Committee, without the Interposition of such Authority. — And upon being asked by your Committee, Out of what Fund that Money had been paid ? he laid," it was paid out of the Civil List.

Mr. John Rosier, being also examined by your Committee, laid, That lait Year a Bill was delivered to him. by the Witnesses, who, in the Course of the last . Session were summoned to attend the incapaci-

tating Bill; and believes, that the Chairman of the Committee appointed to try the Hindon Election Petition, applied to the Treasury for some Compensation to be allowed to the Witnesses for their Trouble and Lois of Time in attending the Bill for incapacitating

certain Voters of Hindon; and that the Witness was directed to settle the Bill of their Expences; which he did, and afterwards carried the same to the Treasury; and Mr. Rowe, one of the Chief Clerks there, was directed to pay him the Money; which was done accordingly; and that he paid the Money to the Person ordered to receive the same by the Chairman of the Select Committee, and \ took a -Receipt of the Persons for tire Monies paid ’ them, and afterwards returned the Bill, with such Receipt, to the Treasury.

Upon the whole your Committee have come to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a reasonable Compensation for their Trouble and Expences, ought to be made to Pfersons who shall be summoned by an Order of the.House, to attend this House, to be examined as f Witnesses in any Inquiry into Matters of Public Concern, and also to such Persons as may be necessarily employed in the Course of such Inquiry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Mr. Speaker be desired to take upon himself the Trouble of settling such reasonable Compensation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give Directions for the Payment of such reasonable Compensation, as from time to time shall be settled by Mr. Speaker; and to allure His Majesty, that this House wijl make good the lame. \

And a Member returned upon a- new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, -and taken and subscribed the Oath df Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of tills House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

- The laid Relbhitions were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Report, together with the Resolutions as agreed to by the House, be humbly laid before His Majesty, at the same Time with the said Address.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing. the Open and Dorfinpon Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Inclosurf-Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorftngton, in the County of Gloucester, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Wrottesley, Mr. Southwell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain AfcwoodHar Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashivood Hay and InClofure*

Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of King-fwinford, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Wrottesley, Mr. Foley, 8cc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Brougham and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, Inclosure. in the County of West morland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James

'Lowtlter,

Moore's

Name.

Buckingham

Inclosure.

Mutiny and Desertion; America*

Duchy of Cornwall.

Supply.

Ways tod Means.

16 Geo. III.

230 Febtuafii

91

Low!fur, Mr. fohnflone, &c.: And they are to meet A Petition of several Voters for the Borough this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Hindoo in was presented to the House, and

Chamber.

HI ndoti

Elediosn

A Bill to enable Francis Ferrand , Esquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners We attained the Age of 21 Years since the last Election, and fined a Petition was presented in Behalf of near fifty of the

_______________ _y.._______________, „ Inhabitants of the said Borough, not included in the

take and ule the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, Bill brought into the House, to incapacitate certain

pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Persons from voting for Members for the said Borough:

Foljambe, Esquires, deceased, was read a Second And therefore praying, That nothing may pafr a

Time. Law, that can in any Degree affect the Interest of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Petitioners as free Voters for the said Borough.

Savile, Mr. Lafcelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Consideration of the Committee of the whole Home,

Chamber. to whom the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein

mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to A Bill for dividing and inclosing 'the Open Fields, serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Pa- Corruption in the EledLion of Members to serve in rish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham, was Parliament for the Borough of Mindon, in the County -Of

read a Second Time. PVilti, is committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Lord Ed-

Rfh'J, That this House will, at the Rising tte House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next. *

ward Bentinek, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being rad-A Bill to continue an Act made in the last Session of The House resolved itself into a Committee tkn

Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render whole House, upon the Bill to incana°* .

more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in Ame- Persons, therein mentioned, from voting- V>

rien, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parlia- of Members to serve in Parliament, and f it, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and ing Bribery and Corruption in the Election ertion, and for the better Payment of the Army to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Hlhdotf cert^jfi £lc£tiou?

" mci

" Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army " and their Quarters; and for extending the Provisions the County of Wilts. " of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in " Americawas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had exaftiined a Wit nets, and made a in the

Bill i and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thutfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House House, to consider further of the said Bill, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases, to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Hands, arid Heredi- laid Committee upon 5 Morning next.

taments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Bayntun took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Bayntun reported from the Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. NTarfhdm have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Ten of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectual ly to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within The General tallies; and for the better recover-_ t . ing the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of

That they had gone through the Bill, and made feve- Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, is committed, have ral Amendments thereunto j which they had directed Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame. Ordered, That; TVIr. Elwes have Leave to make a

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Motion.

Morning next. And he moved the House accordingly. *

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, nox:-Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House withstanding any Adjournment of the House. . to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Sandwich

I>rain*8fc

CororoittceM

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till tuesday Mom* ing next. Ten of the Clock/

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mori* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee/

V«l. 35.

L

Lancaster

Vitit.

Liddington

Inclosure.

Sr. George (Middlesex) Poor and Streets.

Duchy

of

Cornwall.

27* Februarii, r 177

Martis, 270 afo Februarii;

Anno 16' Georgii III1* Regis, 1776.

IPravers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant " to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room of the Right honourable Edward Stanley, commonly called Lord ,now Earl of

Derby, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That the Bill, with ingrossed.

the Amendments, be

Lord Robert Bmiepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the belter Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into* and out of, the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln’, and for affixing and letting down Mooring Polls, within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington and Hamlet of in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PlaGe; and afterwards delivered the Bill, tenth the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Tufnell reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, io the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Ijines, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of The Tower of London, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, >nd found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; And then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Bayntun, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Lord Robert Bertie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln-, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for building a bridge across the River Severn, from Bentha/f, in the County of to the opposite

Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Jackson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. E/wes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North otherwise Ferry Hinksey, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton, was read a. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ville, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Bruntingthorp, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire how far the Orders, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Relief, Employment, Clothing, Maintaining, Ordering, and Regulating, the Poor, within the several Houses of industry, and public Workhouses established by Act of Parliament, specially made, and to the Buildings provided for their Reception, and with respect to Vagrants and.Houses of Correction, have been complied with, and to make Report thereof to the House; and also to consider what further Information may be necessary to be laid before this House as a Foundation for making effectual ProvilTon for the better Employment, Relief, and Maintenance of the Poor, the apprehending and passing of Vagrants, and for regulating Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great Britain called

England;

Boston

Harbour.

Boston

Street*

Severn BrWgi at

BenthalL

Hinksey

ludofur*.

Warwick

thro*

Southam,

Road.

Bruntingthorp

Inclosure.

Poor;

Committee

of

Enquiry.

Dorehester

Streets.

Hales*

Estates.

i 6 Geo. ill.

27* Februatit.

99

England; and to report their Opihion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House, as they shall think fit; that they have Power to enquire into the Management Relief, and Employment, of the Poor, in the several Parishes and Places within the Bills of Mortality, and of the Expences attending the fame; and to report a State thereof, with their Opinion thereupon, from Time tt> Time, to the House.

Mr. Darner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of Dorset, whole Names are thereunto fubi'cribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after* wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth; 'viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Templeman, being examined, said. That the Streets,

Lanes, and other Public Passages, within the said Town, are in general very ill cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Paths and Passages thereof greatly obstructed by Nuitances and Annoyances; and the Footways (many Parts of which are Turnpike, are very inconvenient for walking on, and particularly those of the Turnpike, cannot be remedied by the Trustees on account of the Insufficiency of the Revenues; and both the Horse and Foot Ways of such Parts as are not Turnpike are in a very ruinous Condition.

That On the 11 th Day of July last, a sudden Fire broke out in the Raft Street of the said Town, and by reason of the many thatched Houses in that Part of the Town, in a very short Time, consumed several Dwelling Houses and Outhouses; and the whole Town was in great Danger of being destroyed.

That it would tend greatly to the Health, Safety, and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and be of public Utility, if the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances removed; and the Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike were rendered more convenient; and allb if the Horse, and Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike were better repaired; and it would conduce to the preventing future Dangers by Fire, if thatched Houses ant! Buildings were prohibited in the said Town.

Mr. Robert Stickland confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Templeman i and added, that Twenty-two Dwelling Houses were destroyed by - the Fire which happened in the said Town on the nth of July last, exclusive of several Outhouses and other Buildings.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, l anes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of

Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tithing of Colliton Row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for

paving the Footways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways, and repairing the Horseways of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Ty thing from being thatched: And that Mr. Darner, Mr. Ewer, and Mr. Bond, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlefey, together with a capital Messuage built on Part thereof, devised by the Will of Sir John Hales, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to assign the same to Henry Herbert, Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Confederation Money in such Manner as in the Act is mentioned, was read, a Second Time.

Vol. 35.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Her* bert, Sir Charles Bunbury, . And tjiey are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, aC- J*j!ut; cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of ters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to Eliza e 7*ay lot, of the Town of Southampton, Widow, lor e sole Use arid Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, ments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Snea-Vers, and Pins, used in the Riggirlg of Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinie:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: $ewfty

for veiling the Advowson of the Reftoiv of in AUvbwfori;

the County of Wilts (Part of the Enate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen, late Lord Holland, deceased) in Trustees and their Heirs in Tfuft to be sold and for laying <„, M' to arise thereby in fimilling and comnW,

as*

Resolved, That the Bill be,

Strahan, Mr. Fox, &c.; And they to ^r>

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock to meet Chamber. 10 the Speakers

Mr. Knight ley reported from the Committed *

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ono ’ 7? . Du/foa

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Dufon, in the Co Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,. and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Twfo,

Persons, who together are Proprietors of 4. Yard Lands and a Quarter, and entided to 10 Horse Commons, 10 Cow Commons, and 136 Sheep Commons; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 4.5 Yard Lands and a Quarter; and that there are 20 Cottage Commons, 125 Horse Commons,

145 Cow Commons, and 1434 Sheep Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which, they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One i and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, Dei ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pennant be added to the CieiUle-men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Dill, pursuant to the Prayer oi the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto fubtenbed, Lruitees for the Time being of certain Lands lying and being in Manehesler, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, granted and conveyed by Humphrey Booth, heretofore 01 Salford in the Parish ' of JManchester aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, in Trust, for the Relief of such Poor, Aged, Needy, or Impotent People, as for the Time being should inhabit or dwell within the Borough or Town of

Mr. Pert*teznt presented to the House, according td Order! a Bill to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County

Palatine

Salford

Charity.

JQitized by OOOO^ lc

Dundee Two PeAttSei

Scots.

Drury Lane Theatre Actors’ Fund.

Liardet’s

Patent.

600 27° FebruariA. 1776".

Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty 6f Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Tutteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre lioyal in Drury Lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was. read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burke, Sir Grey Cooper, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Liardet, of Great Street, in

the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Clerk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad: contained in the said Petition, a State whereof they had directed him to-re-port to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame-was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

letters Patent, dated the 3d Day of April, in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, granting to the Petitioner an exclusive Privilege of making, using, and vending, a Composition or Cement for all the Branches concerning Buildings to which the same is applicable, with a certain Grease therein mentioned, for the Term of Fourteen Years, were produced to your Committee, and read.

Then a Specification executed by the Petitioner and inrolled in the Court of Chancery, within the Time limited by the said Letters Patent, describing the Nature of the said Invention, and in what Manner it was to be performed, was also produced, and read: And,

Mr. John Kennedy informed your Committee, That he was acquainted with every Branch of Building, and knew that the Composition used in Mr. s In-

vention was different from all others, and more useful; that, to the bell of his Remembrance, it began to be used last May was a Twelvemonth; that Mr. Liardet has from time to time made many Experiments, which, on Account of the Dearness of the Materials, and their being often loft in the Experiment, have been attended with great Expences; that the Materials used in the said Invention are Thirty Times more expensive than Materials generally used in that Sort of Work; that Mr. Liardet has made several Improvements in the said Invention, since the Commencement of the Letters Patent, both in the Application and Composition; and that the said Invention will be of great Use to the Public in the Building Way, nothing more so.

That there is a great Difficulty in teaching Workmen the Use of the said Materials, it being a new Thing to them; and when first employed, they destroy both Time and Materials, but when they are acquainted with the Use of them, they may easily counterfeit the Invention, as they are privy to the whole Process.

That tire Use of the said invention is not generally known, and the Public are apt to doubt of its Utility at first; Builders in general are backward of trying it, and'a longer Time is required than the Term of the Patent, before the Public in general can be acquainted With the Usefulness of the said Invention.

>4

And the Witness further said. That the said Invention is of such Utility, that it well delcrve? some public Encouragement. Then,

Mr. Andrew Thoruthwaite, being examined, confirmed the Whole of Mr. Kennedy's Evidence; and added. That he is well acquainted with Buildings, and had leen this Composition used in a great Number'of In (lances; and that he had frequently executed it himself.

That many other Inventions have been tried for covering the ©utiides of Buildings, but none are so useful as this, no other Materials being equal to those; and when the Invention is more known, it will be more useful than any other Composition; and that it is of equal Hardness with Portland Stone, or any other.

And the Witness further said, That it must be a considerable Time before the Inventor can derive an adequate Compensation for his Time, Trouble, and Expence, because of the Shyness of Builders to use, and the Time it will require to establish the Character of it, must run away with a considerable Part of the remaining Time the Patent has to run.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. St. John, Mr. Adam, and Sir Charles Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Tire House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into England, from Christmas 1769 to 1775, dif-

tinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Tallow from the lrijft; and also an Account of the Tallow exported from

England, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 1775, difi tinguishing each Year, and the Foreign Tallow from the Irish.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from The Market Cross, in the Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lifter, Mr. Whitworth, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or ^Waste Grounds, within the Yrill, Hamlet, or Township, of Little Harwood, in the Purish of and

County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lifter, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 19th Day of this Inllant February, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight, the 5th Day Of March next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day> for the -House

to

Account presented J Tallow.

Clithero,

&c.

Road.

Harwood 1 nclosure.

Militia

(Scotland.)

Mutiny and befcrtion; America.

Haftard

Children.

Stourbridge

CauaL

16 Geo. III. 27° — 28° Februarii.

<Sot

to refohre itself into a Committee of (he whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Seffior; of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in " America, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punt thing Mutiny " and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the " Army and their Quarters; and for extending the " Provisions of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine " Forces in America,'’ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made art Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King fames the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and " murdering of Ballard Children," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of tKe Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Second Reading of the Bill, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of cejier, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the county of ; and

also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal, near the Junction of iVordefley Brook, with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinsford, in the said County of Stafford.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And a Member, returned upon anew Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and having delivered in to the Cerk of this House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manutafturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, not interfiled as Proprietors in the Birmingham Canal, and for the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal, and for the Petition of the principal Coal Mailers and Owners of Mines in the Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, examined several Witnesses, and went through his Evidence, in l’upport of the said Petitions.

Vol. 35.

And then the -Counsel for the Bill were haaidj antL examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence, in support of the said BHl. ~

And the Counsel against the Bill having been heard* by way of Reply;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were directed to Withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas Went forth.

Teller, for the \ fe.

Teller, for the Noes.| Briit*,. \ *'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Sir William Bdgot, Mr. Foley, Ac.: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Spender’s Cham-

And then the House adjourned tHi -r

Morning, Ten of the Clock, 1 o-morrow

Mercurii, 2 8* d Peiruarii *

Anno 16* Georgii III"1 Regis,

Prayers.

AMeflage from the Lords* by Mn Holford and \rf

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Horflram for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Kold-

an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horjhatn, in the County of Sussex, through Cape/l, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the

Watch-House in Ebbi/kam, in the County of Sttrrex; and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salted for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Beef,*®-Eighth Year of LLis present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Filth Year of the* Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of felted Beef, Pork,

" Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time;

" and for allowing tine Importation of felted Beef, Pork,

" Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in " America, for a. limited Time," as relates to the Importation of lilted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland; and alld, another A ft,/ made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " An " to permit the free Importation of Cattle from.

" landwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: "c*

for amending and keeping in Repair the Roaa From Doncafierto the *Turnpike Road which leads from Berw- Road. try to Retford, in the Counties of York and Nottingham *

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AHerby Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Go*^eby Fields, Ings, Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Townships of djlerby and Goulccby, in the County of JLincoln -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act L«i*h for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inebfai-e.

7 O and

Goode ‘

Marston

St. Lawicnee

Prebend.

Bowes* E Hates.

Ditto.

Answer

to

Address;

Compensation

to

Witnesses.

Duchy

of

Cornwall.

n

bjenvcr ini lof.irc.

602 28° Felruariu ~ - J A. 177

and also a certain Fared or Tract bf Common and . Refohtd,.That the Bill do pais: And that the Title Waste Land, called The Link, and other Common' be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rush-Leigh,. otherwise Ley, in the County of Worcester; ten Spender, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of

without any Amendment: And also, Stafford.,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That Mr. Ashetm Curzon do carry the Bill to to subject and charge the Prebend of Marshn Saint, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto be- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Defoorough longing, to and with the Payment of Two several Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Desborough, Indofurf-perpetual Yearly Rent-Charges to Doctor Everard in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Buckworth, and his Successors in the £ud Prebend; and Time.

for dwelling the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof Ref That the Bill do pass: And that, the Title out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and fame, so charged, in John Blencowe, Esquire, his Heirs Common Fields, in the Parish of , in the

and Assigns; to which the Lords desire the Concur- County of

rence of this House: And also, Ordered, That Mr. Powys do cany the Bill to the

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lords, and desire their Concurrence, for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Middies. A Bill for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right sex, Berks, and Sussex, and in the City of London (Part of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Com- ncolure-of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates deviled by the tuon or Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish pt Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased) in Trullees, Clewer, in the County of Berks, already inclosed,

to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money a°d for veiling the same in his Royal Highness the to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuages, Duke of Ghilcester, his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Land, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to Conditions therein (mentioned, was read a Second the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concur- Time.

rence of this House. Resolved, That the Bill ba committed to Mr. Elwes,

And then the Messengers withdrew. Mr. Towfshend,: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Chamber.

Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Mid- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Duiton dlesex, Berks, and Sussex, and in the City of London Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, Inclosure-(Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, deviled ^d Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Dufton, in by the Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased) in th.e County of Northampton, was read the Third

Trullees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out Time.

the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time. Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Northampton.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley do carry the Bill to the

That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

would be graciously pleased to give Directions for the

Payment of such reasonable Compensation, as from Lord Bertie reported from the Committee, Raithb.

time to time shall be settled by Mr. Speaker, to be to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. made to Persons who shall be summoned by an Order Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Ings, and of the House, to attend this House, to be examined as other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within Witnesses in any Enquiry into Matters of public Con- the Parish of Raithby, in the County of Lincoln, was com-cem, and also to such Persons as may be necessarily em- mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found ployed in the course of such Enquiry) together with that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April the Report, and the <lesolutions of the House there- 1774* relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied upon, had beeh presented to His Majesty; and that with; and that the Commhtee had examined the Alle

His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

House, That He will give Directions according to the and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent laid Address. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to make tnadc several Amendments thereunto; which they had I..cases. Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and directed him to report to the House; and he read the Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, annexed to the fame, and for other Purposes therein with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where mentioned, was read the Third Time. ' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question , be. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Heredi- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be taments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed ingrossed. to the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned-. Mr. Ha/fey presented to the House, according to Boiehatn

Ordered, That Sir Edward Bayntun do carry the Bill Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, Wood, Ac. to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in nc 0 ure*

the Parish of Elftree, otherwise Idleftree, in the County An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the feve- of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the ral Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of First lime.

Ru/hton Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stafford, was read the Third Time.

A Bill

16 Geo. III.

i8° Februarii.

60$

Lra

Ihdofure.

Mutiny and Dffrrtion j America.

A Bill for dividing and inclosiflg the several Commons bourhood of , and the County

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the of Stafford, as to exclude them from the Severn Market, Parishes of Ashover, Crick, and Southwinfield, in the to the great Lois and Injury of the Petitioners, who

County of Derby, was read a Second Time. will be totally deprived of the Carriage of Coals from

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to fjord \George Autktfly to the said intended Junction at The River Stour Cavendijk, Mr. Tow;i/hend, &c.: And they are to meet Aqueduct, which, is Twelve Miles, and upwards, unless this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the Petitioners are enabled to regulate their Tonnage Chamber. ' upon. Coals, in such Manner as may encourage a more

extensive Coal Trade upon -the said Navigation: And

Sir Charles Whitworth according to Order, reported ^’of The &M

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Bj|, a them, or to grant them such other the Bd to continue an Act, made in the last Session ReUrf in tfce Premises the . House shall seem

of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and

" Fender effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions the w petition referred to the

m America, an Act, faffed in the present Session of Consideration of the Committee to whom, the BilJ for Parliament, intituled, An Act for pun|(hing Mu- making and maintain,

navimble Canal from

tiny and Desert.on and ^for the better Payment of of n<J the To„n of the County of

u Forces in America," was committed, the Amend- , f. ,/- rp 1 e County of Slaf-ment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and p. ’ , err.. p^,° c°Ba e one ^om a

which they had directed hitn to report to the House; . , - X*P°iX r* to com-

and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards c w- j n n. m e, near the Junction

delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at of With tHc fU -

ii

li

Stour, and the

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was rufL^^^V^^»,upon the said Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, c'ertainJ "Jiatcra' Cut, at.or

5 X Ki„Smin the said County# " Jhe Ordered, That the 8,11, with the Amendment, be that the Petitima* £ is com-

lngrossed. . selves, or Counlil, before the said n by ,them.

Blackthorn

Inclosure.

their Petition, if they think fit.

upon

Committee

Ordered, That the Lord IVenman do carry to the "'WL1W, J*11 lil^v lAJU, J" , Jl*

Jf*> thf Bdl ,‘°r dividin6 a"dinclof'%'he mM!x- ‘hat they do admit Counsel toleT

Open and Common Fields, Common Paftmes, Com- Time „f ,h, f.;,i 2.-,*,° heard, tAe

mon Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the

Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties, of Blackthorn, in the Parish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That it be an IntlruStion r

ittee, that they do admit to be b° a*

same Time, in favour of the la r

Petition. . - the

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, was pre- Shaftc&ury fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That *

Stourbridge A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that divers Re-Canal. Staff or dshire and Worcestershire, Canal Navigation, was solutions have been come to upon taking into ConG-

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, deration the Minutes of the Examination taken before That, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign the Select Committee, who were appointed in the last of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were enabled Session of Parliament to try and determine the Merits to make a navigable Canal, from the River Severn, of the Petition of Hans fVintrop Mortimer, EtqUire,

between Bewdley and Tit ton Brook, in the County of complaining of an undue Eleiflion and Return for the Worcester, to join and communicate with a Canal then Borough of Shafte/hury, and in particular a Resolution, intended to be made between the River Trent and the " That it appeared to this House, from the said Mi-River Mersey, at or near Haywood Mill, in the County " nutes, that the Petitioner was a principal Promoter of Staffordand by another Act, made in the 10th " and Suborner of wilful and corrupt Perjury at the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, several ad- laid Election and that the Petitioner had not any ditional Powers were granted to the Petitioners, for Intimation given him that any Proceedings were completing the said Navigation, which hath been since intended to be Had with respect to him; and, as the completed; and that the Petitioners are informed, ‘a Petitioner is confeious of his Innocence, he trusts he Bill is depending, for making and maintaining a navi- should have been able, had he been apprized of fuels, gable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, Proceedings, to have satisfied the House, that there in the County of Worcester, to communicate with the was no Foundation for so heinous a Charge; and that Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stour- the Petitioner’s Character and Reputation are highly at- r * ’ ,r ’ ’ fedted by the said Resolution: And therefore praying.

That the House wiil grant him such Relief in the t re~ mises, as to them shall seem meet.

The House was moved. That so much of the entries in the Votes of the House, of the 14th Day of this Instant February, of the Proceedings of the Ploufe, upon taking into Consideration the Minutes of the

.V.HUVU u uv luuuv „,v ..... Examination talcen before the Select Committee, who

communicate with, the Navigation authorized to be were appointed, in the last Session of Parliament, to made by the Petitioners, at a Place called The River try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans Stour Aqueduct, near Haffoult, in th? laid County of IVintrop Prioriimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Stafford, which, by the Course of the said Canal, is Election and Return for the Borough of Shaft on, other-more than Twelve Miles from the River Severn, where wife in the County of Dorset, as relates to

the same falls into the said River; by which means the Thomas Rurrtbo/H, Esquire, might be read.

Owners of Coal Mines lying in the Neighbourhood And the same being read accordingly; of Stourbridge will be enabled so greatly to undersell A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the Owners of the Coal Mines-lying in the Neigh- That the Order to the Attorney General for prosecuting Vo l.35. Thomas

ton, in the County of Stafford; and for making and maintaining Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, near the Level upon Penfnet Chace, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, to communicate with the intended Canal near WordeJlty Brook, in the said Parish; and that the Navigation intended to be made by the said Bill will fall into, and

604 28° — 20° Februarii. A. 17 7$.

Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, for the said Offence, be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdfers for the Yeas. } H*-

TeUert for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motkm was mide, and the Question being put, That the Petition of Thomas Rum bold, Esquire, be referred to the Confederation of a Committee, to inquire into Fa&s, and to report the lame, with thieif Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j :}

Tellers for the Noes, j f I43

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Francis Sykes, Esquire, was presented EkOion.. to pjoufe> read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that divers Resolutions have been come to upon taking into Consideration the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed in the last Session of Parliament to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Hans IVintrop , Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury, and in particular, a Resolu-lion, " That' it appeared to this House, from the said " Minutes, that the Petitioner was a principal Promoter and Suborner of wilful and corrupt Perjury " at the said Election and that the Petitioner had not any Intimation given him that any Proceedings were intended to be had with respect to him; and, as the Petitioner is conscious of his Innocence, he trulls he (houtd have been able, had he been apprized of such Proceedings, to have satisfied the House there was not the least Foundation for so heinous a Charge; and that the Petitioner’s Character and Reputation are highly affected by the said Resolution: And therefore praying, That the House will grant him such Relief in the Premises as to them shall leem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee, to inquire into Fasts, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Call Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad-

House journed till this Day Scvennight.

Exporting Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

Provisions, night, the 13th Day of March next, resolve itself into a &c* Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions, and other Necessaries, foe the Use of the Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House-will, upon Friday Mom-wid Mtar#. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

22

Ordered, That Mf. Macbtoorth have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half- an Hour after Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the Second Reading of the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, a certain Tract of Commonable Land, commonly called King's Sedg in the County of Somerset, upon Friday nex{, at Twelve of the Clock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 29° die;

Anno iV Georgii IIIui Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to lujpjeft and charge the Prebend of !

Saint Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent Charges to Doctor Buck-

worth, and his Successors, in the said Prebend; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the same fe charged in John Blencowe, Esquire, lus Heirs and Assigns, was read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Ottgley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odd, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, who is oniy a Cottager; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raithby, in the County of Lincoln, which Bill was Yesterday reported from the Committee, to whom the feme had been committed;

The Lord North (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted

King1! Sedgmoot Inclosure.

Marston

Lawrence

Prebend.

Odd

Inclosure*

Raithbjr

Inclosure.

i6.Geo. III.

29* Febmarii.

605

quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been party of Butchers of the City of London to prevent ex-informed* of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His poling unwholesome Flesh Meat to Sale, withm the Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest? is concern- Limits of their Charter: A.nd the same was receive j cd, that the House may do therein as they shall think and read the First Time.

fit. / Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Liddington

lndofure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and in doling -certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of and Hamlet

of Medbourn, in the said Parish of in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington and Hamlet of bourn, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue, for a further Time, an made, in the Seventh , Yehr of His present Majetys Reign, intituled, " An. A.£t to discontinue, for a limit " Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation o " Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Ball be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Mom* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duties on Tallow, Icc.

Raithby

Inclosure.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, at Accent*, Account of the lotal Quanttty of Foreign Linen, imported into that Part of Great Britain rZ\\~\ I*»Mn»,frc. land, from Christmas 1 77a to Christmas j7>- ,«. ing the Rates and Duties paid on each dtinguiln-Ordered, That there be laid before Account of the Total Quantities Qf p Woufe, an exported from England, shewing the Draw

a//V. 3 to Sth

Ordered, That there be laid before thU tj,

Account of the Total Quantities of

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and oth<;r Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raithby, in the County of Lincoln,

was read the Third Time. . „ _ — u

Resolved, That the Bill do paf$: And that the Title on each Species, from 5th January I?7 paid

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open *77®*. ______ . ... January

Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raithby, near Spilsby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sear River Navigation.

Charlton

Indolure.

Mr. Hungerfvrd prefonted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, end rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of j and for repealing Part of the said Act; and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from a certain Part of the said River Soar, which joins or communicates with a Piece or Parcel of Ground called Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty of Gareutou, in the said County, near, up, or into, The Rufkes, at Loughborough aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lygon prefonted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Landed Property, as well of the Reverend the' Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Mary the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Haft let of Charlton, in the Parish of Cropthorn, and County of.

Worcef.er, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the same Harrilet: And the same was received; and read the First Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. St. John prefonted to the Houfo, according to Order, a Bill for vesting in John Clerk, his

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Ufo and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations Abroad, for a Time to be limited: ’ And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Butcher’s The Lord Mayor of London prefonted to the House, Company, according to Order,«a Bill for better enabling the Com-

VOL. 35.

Linens exported from England, shewing paid on each Species, from 5 th January January 1776.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Briti/k and Irish Linens exported without Bounty, from 5th Janua 773 to 5th January *776-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Irish Linens imported into.England, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1775.

Ordered, That, there he. laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, imported into from Christmas

1771 to Christmas 1775.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, exported from England, from 5th January 1772 to 5th January 1776.

Mind*

Election.

Liardet’s Patent.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in' the County of Wilts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur tlx or of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Scvennight.

t *

Am ingrossed Hill to enable Edward John Andrews Cockajnt’i Cockayne and His Issue to take and ufo the Surname um" and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith, Esquire, deceased, was read the the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pafi: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayttr, and hk I flue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the WiH «f Neighbour Frith,

Esquire, deceaied- ....

7 P Ordered,

Clarebrmish

IncloAire.

A

Bastard

Children.

Supply.

r r*

- 4

606 39° Februarii~ — \° Martii. I i -A. 1776.

Ordered, That Mf. Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Pay and Allowances' to the reduced Officers' of His

Lords* and desire their Concurrence. Majesty’s Land Forces find Marines, for the Yehr 1776;

be referred to the said Committee.

Lord Edward Bent inch prefenfced to the House, ac- , That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out

cording to Older, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1776, be

tain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, referred to the said Committee.

Frrfe Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town- That the Estimate of the Charge of the

ftvips oiClarebtmgh and fVelham, in die Parish of Clare- Allowances to Widows of Officers who have died on braagk, in the county of - Nottingham: And the same Half Pay, for the Year 1)76, be referred to the said teas received; and read the First Time. Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune. , That the Lift of the reduced Officers of

His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to The Order of the Day being rtad, for the House receive Half Pay in Great with an Estimate

to refotoe itself into a Committee'of the iwhole House, of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1776, be referred to upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made ill the Twenty- the said Committee.

first Year of the Reign of King James the First, inti- , That the Lift of the Widows of such re-

filled,; " An A fit to prevent' the destroying and mur- duced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Madering of Ballard Childrenrines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee. Great , and who were married to them before

Mf. Speaker left the Chair.: the 25th December 1716; with an' Estimate of the

- Sir Charles Bunbury took the Chair of the Com- Charge thereof, for the Year 1776, be referred to the mifteo. laid Committee.

88.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Rutibury reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wheii the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Copy of the Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell, signed at the 15 th

January 1776* and Translation, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is refer-xed to confide* further of the Supply granted to -His Majesty;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T*« for the W-

Tellers for the Noes,f?ir‘

(Mr. Seymour:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty End the Reigning Duke of , signed at

Britnswick the 9th of January 1776, and Translation; together with a Paper, intituled, " Note concerning the " Levy Money," and Translation, be referred to the jfiidrCbmmittee.

., Ordered,.That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Hereditdry Prince of Hejje signed

at Oman the 5th of February 1776, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 12,394 Men, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1776, pursuant to Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 4,300

Mon, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year 1776, (roefuant to Treaty* be referred to the said Com- suttee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, pur-luant tfe Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hejfe Cajfell, feaui 6th March a 776 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 294 Days, be referred to the said Com-' inittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Six Regiments of Fodt from Ireland, and of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from the respective Timfes within mentioned, to the 214th December 1776, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half «' *7

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for refilifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty* " by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Seventy-five;"', and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in- the full-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for -the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Two of the Clock on Friday Morning^ adjourned till this Morning, ' Teh of the , . Clock.

Land Tax;

Mistakes in Commiriukiers, Name*.

Veneris, 1* d;

Anno 16° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1776,

-PrAyerS.

LORD George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Francis rand Moore, Esquire, now called Francis Ferrand -jambe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Faljambe, pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him t<* report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he. delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’S Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. 1

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereto subscribed, having Right and Interest in a certain Moor, or Trafit of Land, called King's in the Cotintv of Somerset: And also, - 4

Ariother-Petition of the several Persons whole Names

arc

Moore’s

Name.

King’*

Sedgmoor

Inclosure.

ftedfttme Feny to

TVnbury

Road.

16 Geo. III.

Martii.

607

are thereto subscribed, having Right and Interest in a certain Moor, or Tract of Land, called King’s in the County of Somerset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Moor, which contains by Computation about 18,000 Acres of Pallure land, has ever been Open and uninclosed, and the Produce thereof had and taken indiscriminately from all Parts in and throughout the fame, by the several Persons having Right and Interest therein; and that a Bill was lately, in this present Session, brought in, for draining, dividing, and inclosing the said Moor, and was rejected by the House; yet the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that another Bill, for the same Purposes, is to be brought in during this same Session; and that the Petitioners conceive any new Law for draining the said Moor to be unnecessary, otherwise than to explain and amend a certain Act, made in the 10th and nth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for opening the antient, and making new Roynes and Watercoerfes, in and near Sedgmoor, in the County of Somerset, and for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the In4 habitants; and that the Division and Inclosure of the said Moor, in the Manner proposed, will be injurious to the Petitioners, and others interested. in the said Moor: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by them-ielves and Counted, against the said Bill, and that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing a certain Tract of Commonable Land, commonly called King's Sedg, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Countel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se cond, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Redj Ferry, in the County " of Worcester, to The Hundred , and from thence

to Monks Bridge, in the Road to the Town of Tenbury, and from the said Hundred House to the said " Town of Tenbury, in the said County," and of the Mortgagees of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Thomas Smith, being examined, said, That the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing the said Roads, according to the Directions of the fold Act; notwithstaftding which, several Parts of the said Roads are in very bad Repair; and that the Money now owing cannot be

35-

paid off, and the Road put in good Repar, e.

Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some addition Powers granted to the Trustees.

Mr. William Wheeler, being examined,

Bridge hath been built across the River Severn, at

port, in pursuance of an Act, made in the I3ttl,

of the Reign of His present Majesty and that a

hath been made from the West End of die fold Bn^e

to Aflley Common, in the Road leading to

House aforesaid; and that the Ferry across the 1

at Redstone, is now stopped up; and that the W1 ne

apprehends, if the Road was diverted, so as to commu* ,

nicate with the Avenue leading from the fold Bridge, ta*

some would be of public Utility. f

Mr. Thomas Smith laid. That the Road leading Iram Knightsford Bridge, to a JHouse in the Possession of My.

George Southall, in Red Tvlarley, in the Parish of Great Witley, is Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act, made in the 7 th. 'Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but the feme was, by the lift-mentioned Act, madefeparate ajid. independent of the other Roads described in thefoid Act; and that there is now due

*T* .

That the hid Road lies remote fr»m ~

Worcester; and that it hath been usual , the '*ty of Hundred House, to transeft all Bufinefo I?Ce* a*

Branch of Road; fund it hath frequently^k1® to

difficult to get a liifficient Number of Trust been found

to transact the necessory Bu finds relating to *ttend

and it would be a great Convenience to 'r

and a Saving to the Trull, if that Road

the Care and Management of the Trustees

the said first-mentioned Act. And, ®

William Wheeler added, That the Trustees under both Acts of Parliament, and also the present Mortgagee, are consenting thereto. 0

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iu a Bill, for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the 26th of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Redfloue Ferry, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repealing lb much of an Act, of the 7 th Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red in the Parish of Great Witley, in the said County; and for putting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first-mentioned Act* and for altering and diverting the Road from The Hundred House to Redstone Ferry, so as to communicate the some with the W eft Avenue of Stour port Bridge: And. that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee* to K\»Menm\r.ft«r whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to Road,

in Execution, an Act of Parliament, made in 'he 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending, wscrening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, i«acnr*g " from the Market House in the Town of Kidae* rmnJkr, in the County of Worcester and of the ^/Io«^ gagecs of the Tolls or Duties granted by the Act.;

and allb of the Inhabitants of the Borough minster aforesaid, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of , in the County of ff^orcester, and of the several Other Persone

whole Names are thereunto lubscribed, were referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 315th <d April 1774., relative to Turnpike Bills, had beeh complied with and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them* to the House > and lie read the Report in his Place,

and

- Vx

6o8 i ^Mard. 1776.

KldtRffl>d?^tr an^ afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: °* Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act, of the 33d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, was read. And,

Mr. Richard Colley, Clerk to the Trustees thereby appointed, being examined, laid, That a considerable Sum of Money has from time to time been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, which, together with the Tolls thereby made payable, has been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, but that they cannot be effectually amended, and the Money due on the Credit of the Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, and some additional Tolls granted, and the said Act amended and made more fcfteftual.

v Mr. John Broad, being examined, laid, That the Hoad from Mill Street, in , to the Avenue ht the East End of Stourport , and allb the Road from the said Eall Avenue, through , and Part of the Parish of Hartlebury, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading to the Kidderminster Road, to Bromf-grove, near the Village of Stone, and allb the Road from Hoo Brook, in the Parish of Kidderminster, to are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And the Witness laid. There are. Two Tenements and Two Cottages, of small Value, situate within the said Borough of Kidderminster, which greatly obstruct the Passage of Carriages, and if the same were removed, it would be a great Convenience to Travellers; and the Owners or Persons interested therein have no Objection to having them taken down, upon a proper Compensation being made for the lame.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for continuing, altering, and amending Two Acts " of Parliament, of the 12th of King George the First, " and the Tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing " several Roads leading into the City of and for amending several others near or adjoining thereto," was read. And,

Mr. William Wheeler, being examined, said, That the Road from Tit ton Brook to is Part of the

Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but the same is in many Parts very founderous and bad j that the Tolls by the said last mentioned Act granted, are insufficient to repair the said Road; but the same might be properly repaired, if it was taken from that Trust, and put under the Management of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the 33d Year of his late Majesty; to which the Trustees under both Acts are consenting.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, of the 33d of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of an Act, ,of the 7th Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road between Tilton Brook and Wribbenhall, in the said County, and for putting the said Road under the Management of the Trustees for putting the said first-mentioned Act in Execution; and for amending the Road between Tilton Brook aforesaid, and the Foot of Bewd/ey Bridge, in Wribbenhall aforesaid, and from the Mid Street, in Kidderminster, to the Avenue at the East Rnd of Stourport Bridge, and from the said Avenue ,to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, at or near the Village of Stone, and from the Hoo Brook, in the Parish of der mirffer, to a Place called Broadwaters, to join the

Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster towards Stourbridge: And that Mr. Edward Foley and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building W minster Bridge, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having ‘been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, palfed in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, constituted, appointed, and continued Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from The Woolfiaple, or thereabouts, in the City of to the opposite

Shore, in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining, preserving, and supporting the lame, when built; and are allb, amongst other Things, empowered to delign, assign, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they should think proper to be'opened and made on each Side of the River Thames, leading to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, and both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent, and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they should think proper to be possessed of; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, have, with the utmost Care, caused the said Bridge to be built, which has been passable many Years; and that the Petitioners have likewise, from time to time, proceeded with the greatest Caution and Frugality, in carrying into Execution the other Trulls reposed in them by the said Acts, which, as they apprehend, may appear by such States of their Proceedings and their Treasurer’s Accounts as have been annually laid before the House; but the Petitioners find that they cannot make an effectual and conllant Provision for the maintaining, supporting, cleansing, watching, lighting, paving, and gravelling the said Bridge, and preserving the feme from Annoyances and other Damages, unless Monies be granted to the Petitioners for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Bimbury, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-first Yeat of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and murdering of " Ballard Children," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff, and John Adam Hecker, without any Amendment: And also,

The

Weflnvnftor

Bridge*

Bastard

Children.

Wolff and Hecker *i Nar.

shoe

or.

iftefbury

letiiou.

Duties on Tallow, &c.

t

*6 Geo. III. i

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Foresee, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

A Petition of Charles Tinhorn, of the Borough of Shaft efbury, in the County of Dorset, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in to disfranchise and incapacitate the Petitioner, and certain Persons therein named, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset; and that the Petitioner is, by the said Bill, declared to be disabled from giving any Vote at any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, eitiier for the said Borough, or for any County, City, Town, Borough, or other Place, in Great Britain, by which he conceives himself greatly aggrieved; and that the Petitioner did not interfere in the lift Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, nor is he charged in the Report made to the House, by the Committee afjpointed for Trial of the said Election,. with either bribing, or attempting to bribe, any Person whatsoever; And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against Part of the said Bill, so far as it respects the said Petitioner. /

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Boroiigh of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dotjet, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a " limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Impor-,c tation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into England, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 1775; distinguishing each Year, and the foreign Tallow- from the Irish\ and alfe an Account of the Tallow exported from England, from Christmas 1769 to Christmas 1775; distinguishing each Year, and the foreign Tallow from the hrish; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Candles, made in England, from Midsummer 1769 to Mid-summer 1775; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Candles, from Midsummer

1769 to Midsummer 1775; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of hard and fbft Soap, made in England, from Midfumtntr 1769 to Midsummer 1775; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the' groflahd rtet Produce of hard and soft Soap, from Midsummer 1769 to Midsummer 1775; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mawbey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Mdwbcy Reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and rtiade an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Adjournment the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, And the Question being put. Motion for That the proper Officers do lay before this House, the 5

last Weekly Accounts received at the Admiralty, from \avy% the Admiral or Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at the fevetal Ports of Chatham, Plymouth, and Portsmouth; together with the last Weekly Accounts of the State and Condition of all such Ships and Vessels of War as are now employed upon Channel Service, or oti the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp , r .1 f Mr. Thomas Townshend, 7

Tellers for the 1 eas, { Mf Lutt/tU. f 44-

Teltaford.eN..^'^, }

So it passed in the Negative.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant Account to their Address to His Majesty, 1 Amy Extras.

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster.

General of His Majesty’s Forces between the 9th of March 1775 and the 31st of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament.

The I/Ord Barrington also presented to the House, by_

His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Com- roj^s munication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of Bribes. North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of His Grace the Duke of Argyll', for the Year 1776.

And the Titles of the said Account and Eftifnate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as followed;

viz.

VOL.

\ 1 Q

Ak

by

Googh

ia Mar tii,

A. 1.776

610

Ak ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services, incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His MajestjKs Forces, between the 9th of March 1775 and the 31st of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament.

t

Dates of Warrants.

1775. Sept. 26th. Dec. 4th.

July 6th.

1776. Jan'J 13th.

x775* Mar- 3lft-

June 14th.

July 8 th. 12 th. 29th. Aug' 27th. Sept 15th.

on. 2d.

14th. Nov. 14th. 16th. 30th.

Dec\ 7th.

1776- JmP. 16th.

20th.

27 th.

to be by them

21,500 --- —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Major General Boyd, Lieut.

Governor of Gibraltar, for public Services there -To a Bill of Exchange drawn by Lieut. Colonel Sant Townshend for Freight, Landing, and Carriage of Clothing, Arms, &c. for additional Companies to be raised in Ireland, for the several Regiments serving in North America -

To Bills of Exch. drawn by Guy Carleton, Esquire, for public Services -

To D° drawn by H. T. Cramahe, Esquire, for public Services To D° drawn by fVm. Ley borne, Esquire, for public Services To D° drawn by Wm. Stuart, Esquire, for public Services To a D° drawn by Tho\ Storey, for a Cargo of Flour flopped in Virginia by the Earl of Dunmore -

To Tho* Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, applied and inverted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America To D°, to be by them applied and inverted in purchasing of D°, for the Use of the Forces in D° - - - 20,000 — —

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - io, opo----

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - 30,000 — —

To D% for the Service of the Forces in D° - 10,000----

To D°, for the Sendee of the Forces in D° - 10,000 — —

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Sendee of the Forces in D° - 48,990 8 9$

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Sendee of the Forces, in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D* - 18,318 16 4

To D°, for the Senice of the Forces-in D° - 20,000----

To. D°, for the Senice of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Senice of the Forces in D° 20,000----

To D°, for the Senice of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Senice of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Service of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Senice of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

To D°, for the Senice of the Forces in D° - 20,000----

*775* Ja>P* 29th. To Sir Thomas Mills, Receiver General of the Revenues in the Province of Quebec, to enable him to carry on Payments for the Senice of Civil Government there, by way of Imprest, and upon Account -

July 25th. To John Pownall, Esquire, for procuring proper Presents for the Indians bordering on the Colonies in North America 1775- Novr. 7th. To Robert Grant, Esquire, and C°, for the like Sum, due to them for 250 Barrels of Pork, supplied by them for the Use of the Forces in North America - -

14th. To Anthony Bacon, Esquire, in full Discharge of the like Sum, due to him for Coals and Potatoes, sent by him to North America, for the Use of the Forces there -23d. To Gilbert Hagen, Merch', for and on Behalf of Richd Cooie, Merch1, Owner of a Cargo of Wheat and Flour, detained at Boston, in North America, for the Use of the Forces there -GET. i 2th. To Tho' Harley, Esquire, for sundry Supplies sent to America, for the Use of the Army there - 7,440 5 1

To D°, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the like Sum due to him for Clothing, Accoutrements, &c. for a Corps of His Majesty’s Cana-dian Subjects ---- 17,696 6 —

£. s. d. i,216 8 6

84 ii 3

7.483" 3

1,000 — —

5.100 —

2,49212 3

2,28415 —

408,809 5 if

5.000 — —

5.000 —

81613 4 7,24814 7 4,3°6 1 1

25,13611 1

To

u.

i 6 Geo. III.

i° Mar til.

6it

Dates of Warrants.

Deer. 4th.

0£f. 20th.

Dec'. 20th.

Auf. 3d.

Nov 24th.

1776. Jany 8th.

*775* *9th>

May 19th. June 26th.

29th. July 21 ft.

26th.

Aug. 12th. 28th. Oil. 2d.

To Wilt* Brymer, for and oh Behalf of Archibald Huchanan and George Mat hews, Owners of a Cargo of Wheat: and Flour,

secured by Order of Lieutenant General , fox- the Use of the Forces in North America ——

To MefP* Mure, Son, and Atkinson, in full Satisfaction and

Discharge of the like Sum due to them for May, Oats, and Beans, sent to North America, for the Use of" the A.rmy there -

To D°, for Vegetables, Vinegar, and Calks, sent to D®, for the Use of the Army there To D°, for Sheep and Hogs, sent to D°, for the Use of the Forces there -To D°, for Coals sent by them to D®, for the Use of D°....

To D®, for a Quantity of Strong Beer, sent to D°, for the Use of D®

To D®, for Hay, Oats, Beans, and sundry Stores; also for Charges on Goods shipped by them, for the Use of Ditto -To D*, for Sheep and Hogs, sent by them to D®, for the Use of D®

To D®, for Coals, sent by them to D®, for the Use of D®....

To D®, for Porter Beer, lent by them to D®, for the Use of D' -To D®, for Vegetables, Vinegar, and Calks, sent by them to D°, for the Use of D®

478

6,932 2 6

3,797 16 3

9,8 x 1 9 4-

8,380 x+ 2.

- i3»899 *4-

- 10,4-03 16,241 6,288

iz

S 11

- i+>7

00

x7

16

- 13.031 8 10

To Robert Adair, Esquire, Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, to enable him to fitisfy such Bills as are or may be drawn upon him for Pay of divers extra Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates, in the ceded Islands, &c. - - 1,000-----

To D®, for D®, in D® - - - - 1,000 — —

To D", for D®, in D® -1 - - - - 205 — - — .

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Franks, Ef-

quires, for victualling the Forces in the Garrisons of Quebec and Montreal, between 25th 0£lor and 2.4th Decent

*774 ~ - " " " - 837 11 5

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of Massachusets Bay, New York, &c. between the 23th of Sept, and 24th Detf 1774; also for Provisions shipped at New York for the Use of the Forces at Boston

VOL. 35.

To D®, for victualling the Forces in D° Provinces, between the 25th 1774 and 23d Febry 1775 - - - # -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of Quebec and Montreal, between 23th Deer. 1774 and 23d Febry 1773 -

To D®, by way of Advance, but upon Account, in Consideration of the Number of Men now Rationed in America -

To D®, for victualling the Forces in the Provinces of Massachusets Bay and New York, between the 24th of February and 24th April

*775 - -

To D®, for Provisions deposited in the Illinois

Country, between the 8th August and 20th. Decemr 1774 —

To D", by way of further Advance, but upon Account, in Consideration of the Number of Men now stationed in America —

To D\ for Victual*, the Forces in the Garrisons ot Quebec and Montreal, between the 24th ot February and the 24th of April 1773 - -

To D°, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between the 13th of Sept 1774 and the 15th of April 1775 -To D®, for Victual*, the Forces in the Provinces of Massachusets Bay and New fork, between

the 25th of April and 24th of June 1775 ~

7>7I5 1 4

3,815 12 9

850- 7

20,000

a,482 3

,322 9 5

5»° 00

954 5 5

- 4*777 *5

10

5,814

18 3

108,487 18 —

2,205-----

To

6i 2

Dates of Warrants.

1775. Nov. 8th.

'Deer. 7 th.

1776. Jan?. 16th.

1775. July 21ft.

Novr. 25th. April nth.

Nov. 21 ft.

Mar. 31st.

May 29th. Apr. 29th.

Novr. 2d.

i° Mar t

To Arnold Nesbitt, Adam Drummond, and Moses Franks, Esquires, for Victualling the Forces at Quebec and Montreal, between the 25th of April and 24th of June 1775 s and for Provisions forwarded to the King’s Storehouses, for the Die of die Troops in the Garrisons of Chamblie and St. Join ? - -

To D°, for Vi&uaP. the Forces in the Provinces of New York and Massachusets Bay, between the 25th of June and 24th Augtft 1775 To D°, for Provisions delivered from the Ma-. ga$inei at Quebec and Montreal, for the Use of the Forces at Boston -To 0°, for Provisions delivered from the Magazines at Montreal, between the 16 th of April and the 14th of October 1775 -

To D°, by way of further Advance, but upon Account, in Consideration of the Number of Men now stationed in North America -To Richd Vernon Sadlier, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, between the 12th of Decemr. 1774 and the 30th of April 1775 To D#, for Provisions issued to the Forces at D% between the ift of May and 20th August 1775 -

To Christopher Bet hell, Esquire, Executor to the late Edward. Codrington, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Forces in West Florida, between 25th April and 24th of August 1774; for Provisions issued to John Campbell, Engineer, between the jd of January 1772 and rft January 1774; for Provisions issued to Persons under the Directions of Engineer Durnford, between the ift of August 1773 and the 31st of July 17745 for Provisions issued to the Civil Branch of Ordnance, between the .1 ft OC?0r. 1773 and 30th Septem. 1774; and for condemned Provisions -To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in Ditto, between the 25th of August and 24th OEioT. 1774; for Provisions received by Mr. Williams, acting Commissary of Stores, between 25th of June 1771 and 23d February 1774; and for condemned Provisions *

To D°, for Provisions issued to the Forces in D°, between 25th October 1774 and 23d February 1775; for Provisions supplied the Hospital Surgeon, between the 25th D*cemr. 1773 and 24th Decl. 17745 for Bread furnished in lieu of Flour, and for extra Expence in Baking Biscuit - -

To Jn° Stephenson and Jn° Blackburn, Esquires, Contractors for Victualling the Forces in West Florida, by way of Imprest, and upon Account - -

To D\ by way of Advance, and upon Account, for Victualling the Forces in D*

To Witter Cuming and Kender Majon, Esquires, for Victualling the Forces at St. AuguJline, in East Florida, between the 25th of October and „ 24th December 1774

To D% for Provisions issued to the Forces in the Garrison of St. AuguJline, between the 2jth Decern, 1774 and the 24th of April 1775; and for Provisions issued to the Out Pbfbs dependant on that Garrison, between the 21st of September 1774 and the 4th of May 17755 and also for condemned Provisions Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to Thirteen Battalions of Foot in North America, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland,

£ A

*>337 16 7

11,148 18 8

12,348 3 11

8,700 16 &

10,000 — r

972 13 —

562 19 6

3,103 9 11

2,095 - 2

1,827 1 5

1,500. — 1*500 — ~

57i 4 1 1,901 10 7

A 1776.

£' t. d.

111,159 12 z

tdc. —

i° Mar tit.

16 Geo. Ill

Dates of Warrants,

*775- APr 29th*

May 19 th. June 30th.

Aug\ 28th. Nov. 2d. Dec. 16 th.

>776. Janv. 16th.

*775* Mar. 31st.

June 26th. Aug. 24th. Oil. 25th. Nov. 25th.

*776. Janv x6th.

*775* Apr. 29th.

June 3c4h. July 21 ft. Aug*. 28 th.

Vox.

35r

apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1775, for that Service, viz. £ 13,958 19 4I Also the Sums flopped for Provisions delivered to the said Battalions, between 25 th of June 1774 and 24th June 1775 - ,9>75I 5

£ t, ci.

33.710 4*

To John Durand, Esquire, for Provisions issued to the Troops in Grenad, between the xft of Oilor. and 31st Decemr. 1774 To D®, for Provitio.ns shipped from the Island of Grenada to the Island of Saint Vincent Tp D°, for Provisions issued in the Island of Grenada between the ill of January and the 31st. of March 1775, and for Provisions shipped to

the Islands of Tobago and Dominica To D\ for Provisions flapped to the Islands of Tobago, St. Vincent, and Dominica To D®, for Provisions issued and condemned in the Island of Grenada -To D®, for Freight of Provisions from Grenada to the other ceded Islands, in lieu of all Charges and Expences for Two Years, due the ift of

October 1775....

To D®, for Provisions shipped and deposited in Store in the Island of Dominica - -

*,*27 ±.

4. S __

2,211 13 __

6,06 7 4 x

2,000 — — 603 16 5

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Regiments in the ceded Islands — apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1775* for that Service -

i7»788 — 3

13*4.77 I. 6

To Samuel Smith, Esquire, for Inforance on Provisions lent to Gambia and Senegal, between the 25th of June 1773 and 31st Decemr. 1774; for Agent’s Salary at James Forty , from the ill of Attgujl to the 31st of Decemr. 1774j and for Sundries supplied the Hospital and Sick at , froprx Ditto to

Ditto ----- 3°5 9 9

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Gambia between the 11 th of Aug. and 24th of Novem.

1774; 386 19 i

To D®, for victualling the Forces at Senegal between the ill of January and 31st

ToD®, for victual*, the Forces in the Province'of Senegambia, between 25th 1774 and 31st March 1775 -

To D®, for victual*, the Forces at Senegal, between the ift of April and 30th June 1775.; for Agent’s Salary at James Fort, Gambia, and for Sundries suppfied the Hospital and Sick, between the ill of January and the 30th of jjune

\ ,04! 15 8

5i7-----

1775 - - - 943 15 tl

To b", for victual*, the Forces at Seneg^ between, the ift of July and the 30th of Sept'. 177 £ - 949 2 6

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to the Corns in Africa — apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1775, for that Service -

4>*44 3 1

2,321 14 lOf

To 7jachary Philip Fonnereau, Esquire, and Sir Meyrick

Baronet, for victual5, the Garrison of Gi&ra/tcrr, between the zfitf of Decernr. 1774 and the 19th of February *775 4,929 14 5

To D®, for victual*, the Forces at D?, between the 20th of F ebruaryand j 6th of April 1775 "

To D", for victual*, the Forces at D®, between- the 17th of April and 14th of May 1775 — - ,

To D®, for victual*, the Forces at D®, between the

15th of Alayand 11 th of June 1775 2,528

- S . 7

ty %

7

R

i° Martii.

614

Dates of Warrants. 1775. 9th.

Nov. 14th. Dec. 7 th.

1776. Jan. 16th. 1775. Mar. 31st.

Aug 28th. May 12th.

June 30th.

Aug 12th.

Nov. 14th.

Mar. 31st.

June 12th.

To Zachary Philip Fotmerea Esquire, and Sir Meyrick Burrell, Baronet, for victual. the Forces at Gibraltar, between the 12th of June and 9th of July 1775 -

To D°, for vnftual*. the Forces at D°, between the 10th of July and 6th of 1773 -

To D®, for victual*. the Forces at D®, between the 7th of August and ill of O£lor. 1775 -

To D®, for Insurance on Provisions issued at D°, between the 5th of Sept. 1774 and the ifl of 03oT. 1775....

jr. s.

4»53» 5 7

2,542 17 '2 5.085 8 3

526 3 9

25,695 17 10

Towards the Expence of Provisions delivered to

the Regiments at Gibraltar-, — apply the Sum voted upon Estimates 1775, for that Service 24,307 17 3J

To Thomas Harley, Esquire, for Provisions lent by him for the Supply of the Garrison of Minorca To A nth. Bacon, Esquire, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in the Isle of Man, between ift Off. 1774 and 2d Janry, 1775 - - - 288 11 ix

To D®, for Provisions and Forage delivered to the Troops in D®, between 2d Janry, and 8 th March 1775 ---- 258 10 9

To Anth. Bacon and Lewis Chauvet, Esquires, for 37 Negroes furnished and employed by them in the Island of Tobago, between the 30th of June and 1 ft Offor. 1774; for 101 Negroes in

the Island of Dominica, between ill Offor. and 31st DecT. 1774, including Travelling Charges; for 52 Negroes furnished by them in the Island of Grenada, between the ill OfloT, and 31st DecemT, 1774, who have been supplied and victualled by them; and for Duties paid on Negroes - - 1,39a 7 —

To D®, for 133 Negroes furnished and employed in the Island of Si.Vincent, from ill Off o', to 3ill Def. 1774, including Travelling Charges;

and for 51 Negroes in the Island of Grenada, between the ill of January and 31st March 1775. who were supplied and victualled by them - 1,085 *3 8

To D®, for 160 Negroes furnished and employed, supplied and victualled by them, in the Island of St. Vincent, from 31st Decent. 1774 to 31st March 1775 ---- 926 16 8

To D®, for 36 Negroes in the Island of Tobago, between the 30th Sept. 1774 and ill January 1775; for 62 Negroes in D® Island, between the 31st of Decemr 1774 and the ill of April 1775; and for 89 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, between the ill of Janua and 3 ill of March 1775; furnished, employed, and victualled by them ----- 1,136 3 2

To D°, for 51 Negroes in the Island of Grenada for 154 Negroes in the Island of St. Vincent-, for 95 Negroes in the Island of Dominica, between the ill of April and 30th of June 1775; and for 95 Negroes in the said Island of Dominica, between the ill of July and the 30th of August 1775, furnished, employed, and victualled by them - - - - 2,237 9 10

To John Majlerton, Esquire, and Sir John Inglis, Baronet, in

full Satisfaction of the like Sum, Charges of Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, (Ac. furnished to the Forces quartered in the several Garrisons and Barracks in North Britain, from ill Janry. to 31st Dee*. 1774 ---- 1,666 6 5

To Lt. CoL Ja\ Majlerton, for Losses fullained oh account of the uncommon advanced Price of Oatmeal, supplied by him to the Troops in die Northern Forts and Barracks, between the

A. 1776.

£. s. d.-

1,388 — 6* 5,500----

547 *

6,778 10 4

4

ill of

life

i 6 Geo. III.

Martiu

Dates of Warrants.

i ft of January 1774 and the lft of Jam*.

1775 '

1775. Nov. 28th. To H. Bland Gardiner and Jet. Esquires,

for Necessaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain -

jC -S'.

854. 16

2^,864 a

d

8

*5

£ s, d.

Apr. 12th. To Will*. Stukely, in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing and repairing Utensils for the 1-Jfe of the Barracks at Port [mouth, and for furnishing Coals and CZ^andles for the Use of the Forces in the said Barracks ——

July 26th. To Andrezv Clinton, Esquire, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Use of the Forces that are or may be in the Bar —

5

5 4

IOS 1 39

racks at Plymouth Dock - 3 00

To D® in full Satisfaction of the like Sum expended by him in providing Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Forces quartered in the Citadel of Plymouth and St.

' Nicholas Island, from 25th Decemr. 1774 to

24th June 1775 - -

1776. Jan. 29th. To D®, for Coals, Candles, and sundry Utensils, for the Use of the Troops quartered in D°, from the 25 th of June to the 24th of December

1775 2-77

287 35

I 6 ---

1775. 027.

Dec. 4th.

t,o64 19 S

1 2

8th.

1776. Jan. 19th. 1775. OC?. 27th.

Mar. 24th.

31st.

To Geo. Blount, Esquire, late Agent to Genl. , deceased,

for Grass Money for the 6th Regiment of Dragoons in the Summer 1775- - - - - 12.615 6

To Lieut. Gen1. Carpenter, for D° for the 4th

Regiment of Dragoons in Ditto Summer - 13 2.

To Gen1. Mojlyn, for D®, for the ift Regiment of Dragoon Guards in D® Summer -To Sir Geo. Howard, for D®, for the 7 th Regiment

of Dragoons in D® Summer -To Major Gen1. Burgoyne, for D®, for the 16th Regiment of Dragoons in D" Summer To Major Gen1. Fitzroy, for D®, for the 3rd Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer To the Earl of Pembroke, for D® for the ift Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer To Majr. Gen1. Johnston, for D®, of the nth Regiment of Dragoons in D° Summer To the Earl of Panmure, for D®, for the 2d Regiment of Dragoons in D® Summer -To Sir John Mordaunt, for D®, for the 10th Regiment of Dragoons in D* Summer - - l2.6

292. 13 6

165 2 —

I 2.6 —

213 14 4^ X2.6 5 —

382 14 3 165 2 —

5 —

1,857 *

April 14th.

Dec. 4th.

May 31st.

200 —

198 iS

Apr. 28 th.

Vol. 35.

To Jeremiah Meara, Esquire, for 963 Days Pay, as Storekeeper at Fort Frederick in North America, from ift Janry. x *766 to 28th Aug1. 1768 - 144 9 —

To Sir David Lindsay, Baronet, for One Year’s Pay as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, from 7th Aug\ 1772 to the 6th of Aug'. 1773, both inclusive -

To D®, for 363 Days D® as D® to D®, from the 7th of August 1773 to the 4th of August 1774., both inclusive ——

To Capt. And.Frazer, for 177 Days Allowance as Coromiflary for inspecting the Cunette Forts and Batteries at Dunkirk, from nth 0£lo'. 17 7,4. to 5th of April 1775 ——

To D®, for 188 Days Allowance as D# at D% from the 6th of April to the 10th of

.1775 -

To Charles Gould, Esquire, for 275 Days Pay of*

the late Major General Bradjlreet, as Depvity Quarter Master Gen1, in North America, from the 25th of Decern'. 1773 to the 25tlx of Sept cm’. 1774- - - _ _ —

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for 183 Days Pay of Nine additional Surgeons Mates to the 50th Regiment of Foot Rationed in Jamaica, from 25th June to 24th Decern. 1774 - —

To Lt. Col1. Dalrymple, for 333 Days Pay as Ma-

jor General, with an Aid de Camp, during the

465 10 —

282-----

137 10 —

278 10 6

E*peaiu°n

6j6

Marttiv

Dates of Warrants.

1775. June 30th.

Aug 3d.

Dec8th. July26th.

Aug. 30th;

Sept. 28th.

Nov. 17th.

Expedition against the Charibbs in the Wand of St.Vincent, from the 26th of May 1772 to the £ s. d.

23d of April 1773 - - -To Majr. Gen1. Haldimand, for 365 Days Pay as Major General in North America, with an Aid de Camp, from 25th December 1773 to 832 IO

24th December 1774 To Messrs. Ross and Gray, for the Pay of Nine additional Surgeons Mates to the id Batt. of the 60th Regiment of Foot, at Jamaica, from the 25th of December 1773 to the 24th 912 IO —

of December 1774- - - To D\ for 182 Days Pay of D° to D* at D®, from 25th of December 1774 to the 24th of 553 4 *

June 177 5 To L'. Co. St. Leger, lor 146 Days Pay as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1774 to the 19th of May 277 — 7

1775 - - - To Colonel Charles Grey, for th? Difference between his Half Pay as Lieut. Col. of the late 98th Regiment of Foot, and his Pay as Aid de Camp to His Majesty, for 562 Days, from the 11th of June 1773 to 24th - 142 7 "

cember 1774 ---- To Major Generals Evelyn, and in Consideration of their Trouble and £x-pences in reviewing the Land Forces during 69 2 —

the Year 1775 ---- To Colonel William Faucitt, for 93 Days Pay as Commissary for mudering and embarking a Body of Hanoverian Infantry', lent to the Garrisons of Gibraltar and Minorca, from the 2d 2,737 IO —

A. 1776.

£. s.

28th.

1-776. Jan 19th.

27th.

1775*

of August 1775 to the ad of November fol-

lowing -

To L'. Co1. Bentinck, for Szi Days Pay as Commandant in the- Wand of Jersey, from 25th December 1769 to 24th March 1772 To Co1. Morrifen, for Pay of his Two Assistants

as Quarter-Mader General, from 2.5th December 1774^0 24th December 1775 To L\ Grant, for 365 Days Allowance, from 10th April. 177540 8th April 1776 To Major Hayman Rooke, for 365 Days Allowance as Major to the late 98th Regiment of Foot, from 25th of December 1774 to 24th of December 1775 - -

To Geo. Munro, Esquire, as Commissary of Stores in North Britain, for 365. Days, from

D® to D®....

To Ll. Co1. Birch, for 365 Days Allowance, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, from

D# to D®....

To One Year’s Allowance to John Campbell, Esquire, as Superintetfdaot and Inspector of Indian Affairs in the Province, of Quebec, from the 2d of Ottobtr 1774 to the 2d of October 1775 -

To Molineux Shuldham, Esquire, for 35 Days Pay as Governor of Newfoundland, Qc. from the 17th of March to the 20th of April

T& filbert Duff, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay as Governor of D% from the aid of April to the 2 ill of October 1775 - -

465----

821----.

182 10 — 182 10 —

273 15 — 182 10 — *

282 17 6

300 — —

52 10 —

276 1 —

1771, Dec. 19th. To George Johnfione, Esquire, in discharge of the Balance of his Account as Governor of West Florida, between September 1764 and January 1767 - - - 3,358 11

*775* 24th, To L‘ Gen1. PierJ'on, for 59 Drafts furnish-

ed to the 50th Regiment, on its Arrival at Jamiea, from the 36th Regiment of

Foot - - - 3 - 295 — —

10,049 13 9

To

C . Dgl;

j 6 Geo. HI.

Mortii.

Dates of Warrants.

1775. Mar 31st.

Dec 8th.

4pr. 7th.

28 th. Dec.23d.

1776. Jan. 29th.

>775-' M3d-

Dec. 8 th.

Apr. 4th.

May 17th.

June 12th.

July 21 ft.

26th,

1776. Jan. Sth.

1775* Aui- 17th-

Vol. 35.

To William Rice, Surveyor of the Horse Guards, to be by him paid over to several Artificers, for Work done by them in Repairs, &c. at Whitehall ’,’Tilt Yard, St.

Somerset House, Hampton Courts &c. between 24th December 1767 and 25th December 1771 To D% to be by him paid over to D°, for Work done by them at D?, between 15th December 1773 and 25th December 1774 -

To John Trotter, Esquire, for Hospital Bedding, and divers Utensils, for the Use of the Forces . in North America - -

To D°, /or Hospital Bedding, for the Use of the Forces at Bojion, in North America -To D°, for Hospital Bedding, and divers, Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in North America -

To D% for divers Utensils, for the Use of the Forces in D°

To D°, for Hospital Bedding, for the Use

of the Forces in D"....

To Leonard Morse, in Confederation of the Expence he hath been put to, as well as the Diligence he hath used in compiling a Work, intituled, "A Lift of all the Officers "of the Army, iAc."

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for providing sundry Stores for the Hospitals at Bojion To D°, for his Contingent Expences as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, from 25th December 1774 to 24th June 1775 To IVhilwellButler, Esquire, for the Rent of

a I louse at Senegal, for the Use of the Chief Justice of the Province of Senegambia, for One Year, ended the 7 th of February 1775 -

To Mcflrs. Cox and Mair, Ross and Gray, and Merrick, for sundry Expences incurred in furnishing the Recruit House belonging to the Brigade of Foot Guards, with Coals, Candles, &c. -

To Render Mason and Company, for the Expence of repairing the Fort of St. Mark Apa-lache, in Eafi Florida -

To John Ellis, Esquire, for the Purchase and keeping up of a Schooner for the Province of JVeji Florida, from ift January 1775 to I ft January 1776 -

To J>f Blackburne, Merchant, for victualling and maintaining Four Vessels employed on the Lakes Champlain, Ontario, Erie, and Huron, in North America, from the 10th of 1774 to the 10th of May 1775 -

To John Wether head, for a Sum of Money . disbursed by him in becoming Special Bail -in the Year 1767, to L* Benj. Roberts, in an Action brought against the said Roberts, for the Value of some Rum which he had seized at the Port of Michillimakinac, in North America -

To Gilbert Stanton, for the Hire of a Sloop, for the Purpose of carrying Dispatches from Senegal to London - . - . —

To L*. Co*. St. Leger, for his Contingent Dil — burfements as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1774 to 24th. of June 1775 -

To Co1. Morrison, for his Contingent Disbursements as Quarter-Mailer General, from. D- to D° - - .

To D", for his D° as D°, from 25th June to 24-tlx December 1775-To William Brummell, Esquire, on account oi Expences incurred at the Examination of* Che/fea Pensioners in different Parts of Ireland

7 S

d.

z>255 8 6|

U&47 18

i,3°8 6 \

67 5- 6 8

1,870 x-y;

i,ii r 7 xo

8,895 7 10

319 5 9

00 c* 1

l&5 S 3

60 — .

398 — 3

37 ia 6

3*5-----

1,600 — — -

5*

150 —

97

10

303 10 ""

301 10 —

24a

To

618

Martii.

Dates of Warrants-

1775. Aug. 17th. To George Carletonfor Expences incurred by him in the Embarkation and Disembarkation of the Troops at in 1775 Seps. 6th. To John Campbell, Esquire, for Wages, Provisions, and Expences of a Scout-Boat employed in South Carolina) from 2 8th May 1 1774 to 27th May 1775 -

Obi. 24th. To Jacob Wilkinf, Esquire, Agent to Ll.

Colonel 'Tonya, Governor of the Province of Eafi Florida, for the purchasing and keeping up of a Schooner for the Service of the said Province, from the-29th of Attgufl 1775 to the 29th of August 17 76 -Dec. 4th. To Messrs. Rtfs and Gray, for the Expence of victualling, transporting, Bedding, &c. of 1,700 Recruits, for the 60th Regiment of Foot, by way of Imprest, and upon Account -

14th. To John Campion, for the Hire of a Schooner at Senegambia in Africa -

L

s.

410 10 9

357 *5 8

417 5 ~

11,560 — —

7° *"

A. 1776.

£ ' i-

38>763 >2 7

Mar. 20th. To Lord Blaney, to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and private Men of the 38th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowance, from the 25th of June to the 24th of

May 31st. July 26th.

Aug. 3d.

_ *774 .

To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for D° of lundry Regiments of Foot from D® to D*

To Messrs. Roberts, for D° of the 38th Regiment, from 25th December 1774 to 24th

June 1775....

To John Winter, Esquire, for D* to sundry Regiments of Foot from D® to D\ and for the Allowance of iBread-Money for the nth Regiment of Foot, to the 25th of April

1775 ....

To Messrs, Adair and Bullock, for Paymasters and Surgeons Allowances to sundry Regiments of Foot, from 25th December 1774 to 24th June 1775 To James Meyriek, Esquire, for D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, from D® to D#

To Edward Bifskopp, Esquire, for D® of the cth and 29th Rqgiments of Foot, and for bread to the 29th Regiment, from D* to D# To Edmund Armjirong, Esquire, for D° of the 8th and 32d Regiments of Foot, and for Bread to the 32d, from D‘ to D*

To Adam Wood, Esquire, for D® of the 31st Regiment of Foot, from D® to D®, and for Bread-Money for the said Regiment, from 31st December 1774 to the 30th of June

1775....

July 26th. To Messrs. Ross and Gray, to reimburse the Non-commission Officers and private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeons and Paymasters Allowance* from the 25th of December 1774 to the 24th of June 1775 -OH. 27th, To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, from D® to D® -

57

— 8

805 7 9

57 — 8

{21

170

7 7

1 — -

556 9 —

401

4°3 5 5

295 ' 3

694 11 7

/.*>

;i 12

May 13th. To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for his Majesty’s Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread, to the 36th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Dover Castle, and a Detachment of the 14th Regiment of Foot, stationed at Arch cliffs Fort, from . 25th oi.Jmo to 24th of December 1774 - 295 16 11

Aug. 3d. To Lord Adam Gordon, for D® to the 66th Regiment, of Foot-at Edinbro Castle, from; 8th December 1774 to the aift June

I *775 275 12 5

4,5J3 J4 5

To

k

16 Geo. Ill,

i° Martii.

Dates of Warrants.

1775. Sept. 28th.

OEl. 27 th.

Mar. 31st. Nov. 13 th. Dec. 4th.

May 31st.

Dec. 23d.

X776. Jan?. 8th,

1775. May 10th.

To Lord Adam Gordon, for His Majesty’s Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread, to the 66th Regiment of Foot at Edinbro' Castle, from 22a June to 5th Sept. *775 - -

To Messrs. Cox and Matr, for D° to the 36th Regiment, and a Detachment of the 14th Regiment of Foot, Rationed at Dover Castle -

L s. d.

121 13 6 3^3 2

To Maj. General Presort* for providing Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for the additional Serjeants and private Men to the 17th Regiment of Dragoons - - 630 9 o.

To Maj. General Burgoyne, for D° for the additional private Men to the 16th Regiment of

Dragoons.....- 31^5 4. 6

To L*. General Elliot, for D° for the additional Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men to the

15 th Regiment of Dragoons - - - 52576

To L*. General Lambton, to replace sundry Accoutrements and other Appointments loft by the 68th Regiment of Foot upon the Reduction of the Charibbs at St. Vincents, in the Year 1772.....180 8 3 .

To James Meyrick, Esquire, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 46th Regiment of Foot, for Losses sustained by them on board the Transports forced into Milford Haven, by the Storm on the 19th and 20th October

„ 1775.....*35 6 7

To Major General Carleton, to replace sundry Accoutrements and Clothing belonging to the 47th Regiment of Foot, consumed by Fire at Boston, in North America, on the 17th of May

1775 - - - - 3l6 *9

To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, to reimburse the Losses sustained by the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of D° Regiment, whose Necessaries were confomed by Fire at D°, on the 17th May 1775 - - - , 140 — —

To Lieut*. General Urmjfon, to replace Accoutrements, of the 65 th Regiment of Foot, consumed by Fire at D°, on the 17th of May 1775 - - - - 477 4 3

To Lord Adam Gordon, in lieu of 51 Days Off-Reckonings for the Additional of the 66th Regiment of Foot, that the Assignment for the said Additionals may not be carried farther than the 5th of July 1776, inclusive, being the Period of the Assignment for their former Numbers - - - 7534

To L*. General Lambton, in lieu of 51 Days D°, for the D° to the 68th Regiment of Foot - - - # - - - - 75 3 4

To Lr. General Ttapaud, in lieu of 51 Days D°, for the D° to the 70th Regiment of

Foot -

To Sir James Adolphus Oughlon, in lieu of 51 Days D°, for the D° to the 31st Regiment of

Foot -

To L*. General Pierson, in lieu of 51 Days D°, for the D° to the 36th Regiment of

Foot - -

To Maj. General Evelyn, in lieu of 92 Days D°, for the D°, to the 29 th Regiment of

Foot -

To Colonel Robinson, in lieu of 51 Days D*, for the D°, to 3 2d Regiment of Foot -To Maj. General Mackay, in lieu of 51 Days D°, for the D°, to the 21st Regiment of

Foot - -

To Colonel Maxwell, in lieu of 51 Days D* for the D°, to the 67 th Regiment of Foot -

75 3 4 75 3 4 75 3 4

135 n n 75 3 4

n i 4

’ 75 3 4

Vol. 35-

1

619

£ s.2.-

l>oi6 4 —

1,471 1 —

1,249 18 6

To

620

Dates of Warrants.

1775. 23d.

i° Martii.

A. 1776*

To L*. General Armjfrong, in lieu of 293 Days Off-Reckonings, for the Additional. to the 8th Regiment of Foot, that the Alignment for the said Additionals may not be carried farther than the 5th of 1776, inclusive, being the Period of the Alignment for their former Numbers - -

To L'. General Hodgson, in lieu of 293 Days D*, for the D®, to the 4th Regiment of

Foot....

To Maj. General Carleton, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D°, to the 47th Regiment of

Foot -....

To L'. General Monckton, in lieu of 354 Days D®, for the D°, to the 17 th Regiment of Foot -

To Maj. General Howe, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D®, to the 23d Regiment of Foot -

To Maj. General Erie, in lieu of 293 Days D", for the D°, to the 28th Regiment of Foot To Maj. General Pomeroy, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D®, to the 64th Regiment of Foot -

To Lieutenant General Hain lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D®, to the 45 th Regiment of Foot -

To Colonel Majfey, in lieu of 293 Days D", for the D®, to the 27th Regiment of Foot -To Lord Blaney, in lieu of 293 Days D", for the D" to the 38 th Regiment of Foot To Earl Percy, in lieu of 293 Days D°, for the D® to the 5th Regiment of Foot -To Lord Robert Bertie, in lieu of 354 Days D®, for the D° to the 7th Regiment of Foot To Major General Scott, in lieu of 293 Days D", for the D® to the 26th Regiment of Foot To Maj. General Campbell, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D® to the 35th Regiment of Foot -

To Sir Eyre Coote, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D° to the 37 th Regiment of Foot -To Major General Maitland, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D° to the 49th Regiment of Foot -

To the Earl of Cavan, in lieu of 293 Days D", for the D® to the 55th Regiment of Foot To Colonel Pigot, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D° to the 15th Regiment of Foot -To Sir Wdlliam Boothby, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D® to the 6th Regiment of Foot.

To L*. General Sand ford, in lieu of 354 Days D®, for the D® to the loth Regiment of Foot - - - .

To L*. General Keppel, in lieu of 354 Days D®, for the D® to the 14th Regiment of Foot -

To Maj. General Gisborne, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D® to the 16th Regiment of

Foot - -....

To Lieut. General Gage, in lieu of 354 Days D®, for the D® to the 22d Regiment of Foot_

To Sir Robert Hamilton, in lieu of 293 Days D°, for the D® to the 40th Regiment of Foot To Lieut. General Cary, in lieu of 293 Days D®, for the D® to the 43d Regiment of Foot To General Abercromby, m lieu of 293 Days D®, for- the D® to the 44th Regiment of Foot - -

To Lieut. General (Havering, in lieu of 293 Days D% for the D® to the 5?d Regiment of Foot - -

£> s-

7*9 I 1

729 I I

729 I 1

CO CO 0 l6 9

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

880 l6 9

729 I 1

729 '1 1

729 I 1

729 I ?

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

0 00 CO l6 9

880 l6 9

729 I 1

8*0 l6 9

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I 1

729 I }

To

16 Geo. III.

Dat^s of Warrants.

1° Martii.

,775* Obi. 23^* to Major General Grant, in lieu of 293 Days Off-Reckonings for the Additional to the 63d Regiment of Foot, that the Assignment of the said Additionals may not be carried farther than the Assignment for their former Numbers 27th. To L'. General in lieu of 293 Days

D®> for the D# to the 65th Regiment of Foot 27th. To Col. Vaughan, in lieu of 293 Days D°, for the D° to the 46th Regiment of Foot -Nov. 24th. To Lord John Murray, in lieu of 231 Days D®, for the D® to the 42d Regiment of Foot -To D°, in lieu of 292 Days D% for the D° to D° Regiment -28th. To Sir Charles Montagu, in lieu of 353 Days D°, for the D®. to the 2d Regiment of Foot -To the Duke of Argyll, in lieu of 292 Days D\ for the D° to the ift Regiment or Foot -To Lieut. General Murray, in lieu of 292 Days D®, for the D° to the 13th Regiment of Foot To Lord George Lennox, in lieu of 292 Days D°, for the D® to the 25th Regiment of Foot -To the Earl of Eglintoune, in lieu of 292 Days D°, for the D® to the 51st Regiment of Foot Dec. 8th. To Major General Burgoyne, in lieu of 50 Days D®, for the D® to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons -

15th. To Sir Jeffery Amin lieu of 303 Dap D®, for the D® to the D® to the 1 ft and 2d Battalions of the 60th Regiment of Foot -To Col. Barloiv, in lieu of 292 Days D®, for the D® to the 61st Regiment of Foot To Major General Sherrard, in lieu of 292 Days D®, for the D® to the 69th Regiment of Foot 23d. To L'. General in lieu of 156 Days

D®, for the D® to the 15 th Regiment of Dragoons -

d.

7^g 1

7=^9 1

7^9 1

»I37 ±5 8

4-97 3

520 00

8t6o J5 —

43° 7 6

43° 7 6

4 30 1 6

32 12 8

893 3 6

43° 7 6

430 7 6.

192 6 3

196 14 196 14

9

9

Apr. 12th. May 31st.

196 14 9

196 14 9 196 14 9

Mar. 31st. To Lieut. General Bojcawen, for the like Sum expended by him in providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 23d lleciment

of Foot -..... - b

To L'. General Owen, for D® for the 59th Regiment of Foot -

To Major General "Pomeroy, for D® for the 64th Regiment of Foot -To Lord Blaney, for D® for the 38th Foot To Earl Percy, for D® for the 5th Foot -To Lieut. General Hodgson, for D® for the 4th Foot -

To Major General Carleton, for D° for the 47th Foot -

To L*. General Sand ford, for D® for the 10th.

Foot -

To L*. General Keppel, for D® for the 14th.

Foot - -

To Sir John Sebright, for D® for the 18 tlx Foot ---- —

To L*. General Gage, for D® for the 22d Foot -

To Sir Robert Hamilton, for D® for the 40th.

Foot ---- —

To L*. General Cary, for D® for the 43d Foot -

To General Abercromby, for D® for the 4-4.tlx Foot -

To Lieut. General Clattering, for D* for the

52d Foot ——

To Major General Granti for D® for the 6 3d Foot -

To L‘. General Haviland, for D® for the 4-5 Foot ——

To Lord Robert Bertie, for D* for the 7 th Foot ---- r

To Major General Campbell, for D® for the 35

Foot ---- "

7 T

June 23d.

Vol. 35.

622

Bates of Warrants

1775 JHnc 2-3&

Sept. nth. July 26th.

Sept. 28th.

08. 23d.

Dec. 15th. 17,76. ^W'. 8th.

Martii.

To Major General Maitland, foi* the like Sum expended by him in providing divers Camp Necessaries for the 49th Regiment of Foot To Col. MaJJ'ey, for D° for the 27th Foot -To Maj. General Proton, for D° for the 17th Dragoons - -

To Lieut. General Monckton, foi* D° for the 17 th Foot - -

To Colonel Vaughan, for D° for the 46th Foot - -

To Maj*. General Scotty for D° for the 26th Foot -

To L\ General Gage, for Camp Equipage, as Commander in Chief in North America.

To Maj> General Erie, for Camp Necessaries for 28th Foot - - - - u

To Earl Cornwallis, for D° for the 33d Foot

To Maj. General Carleton, for Caihp Equipage* as Commander in Chief in the Province of Quebec, See. - *

To Major General Howe, for D15, as Commander in Chief in North America - x

186 18 — 186 18 —

486 12 6

186 18 —

186 18 —

186 18

I,coo-----

186 18 — 186 18 —

I,odd-----

1,000 —

1775. jhne 23d. To Major General Preston, for Bas Horses to the 17th Regiment of

Dragoons ordered to North America - - 70-----

To the Colonels of the 2 2d, 35th, 40th, 44th,

49th, and 63d Regiments of Foot ordered to

D° - - - -: - -. - 71° - —

Aug1. ±6. To the Colonels of the r7, 27th, 28th, 46th, and 5$th Regiments of Foot, for Bas Horses ordered to D° - 550 — —

08. 27th. To the Colonels of the 1 rth, 37th, 53d, 34th, and 5 7th Regiments of Fool, for D°, ordered to D* - - - . - 530 — ' —

Dec. 8th. To Major General Burgoyne, for D° to the 16th

Regiment of Dragoons, ordered to D° - - 70 -

1776. Jcmv. 9th. To the Colonels of the 3d, 9th, nth, 20th, 24th,

29th, 33d, 34th, and 6ad, Regiments of Foot,

for D°, ordered to D° - - - - 9<jo-----

1773. June 23d. To Major General Prejiou, for Baggage Horses to the 17th Regiment of Dragoons, ordered to North America 180 —

To the Colonels of the 22d, 35th, 40th, 44th,

45th, 49th, and 63d Regiments of Foot, for J

D°, ordered to D° - - - 1,251 5 —

To the Colonels of the 17th, 27th, 28th, 46th,1 and 53th Regiments of Foot, for D°, ordered to D° - ' 893 15 —

To the Colonels of the 15th, 37th, 53d* 54th, and 57th Regiments of Foot, for D", ordered to D° - - - - 893 15 —

To Maj. General Burgoyne, for D* to the 16th

Regiment of Dragoons, ordered to D° - - 180 -

To the Colonels of the 3d, 9th, nth, 20th,

24th, 29th, 33d, 34th, and 62d Regiments of Foot, for D6, ordered to D° ... 1,608 15 —

Aug*. 2d*

o

08. 27th.

Dec. 15 th. 1776* Jan\ 9th.

1775. Mar. 2Cth.

120

To Adam Wood, Esquire,- for 100 Days Forage to the 31st Regiment of Foot, in Consideration of their having been employed, during the Year 1773, on an Expedition against the Charibbs, in the liland of St. Vincent -To E'drnund Armstrong, Esquire, for 100 Days 13° to the 32d Regiment employed on D°

Expedition -

To Messrs. Ross and Gray, for 100 Days, D° to the 6th and 60th Regiments of Foot, employed 011 D° Expedition - - - *

To Messrs. Meyrick, for 100 Days D°, to the 68 di and 70th Regiments of Foot, employed on D° Expedition -To Messrs. Cox and Mair, for 100 Days D* to the 14th and 50th Regiments of Foot, employed on D° Expedition -

97

265

142 10 — -

A. 1

«£ d.

s»395 4 3

3,000----

5>°°-7

10

2 75

,7°

16 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

Martii.

1775. June 23d. Aug. ad.

To the Colonels of the 22d, 35th, 40th, 44th* 45th, 49th, and 63d Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days Forage, ordered to North America -To the Colonels of the 17th, 27th, 28th, 46th, and ccth Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D°, ordered to D° -

03. 27th. To the Colonels of the 15th, 37th, 53d, 54th, and £7th Regiments of Foot, for too Days DY in Confederation of their being ordered to D° *»--« To the Colonels of the 9th, 3d, nth, 20th, 24th, 29th, 33d, 34th, and 62d Regiments of Foot, for 100 Days D°, ordered to De -

1776. Jan*. 9th.

Ij557 10 - — 1112 io _______

J I ‘‘2. Iq.

a,002 1<=> ____

To the Expedition under the Command of the Earl Com / upon Account of Contingencies and Extraordinaries Qf a Troops - - . - - - _ _ t8e

C

i.

d.

Total

84S>i6s 14 81

War-Office, ifi: March, T776.

Barrington*

VOL. 35.

estimate

t)24

i° Martii.

A. 177

ESTIMATE of* the Expence of the hew Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to the Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1776.

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling by Drummond in Lennox, to Dunbarton,^! Days, confiding of 2 fubaltem Officers at 31. per Diem each, 2 Serjeants at is. each, 2 Corporals at 8d. each, 2 Drummers and 30 private Men at 6d. each - -

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lirne/and incident Charges ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augtifrus to Bernera and the Isle of Shay, confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, £ Drummers, and 50 Private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, Tools, Under-ground Drains, Coals, Iron, Lime, and incident

Charges -.....- - -

To a Party to work from Invcrness, by Pitmean to Dalnacardoch, confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 50 private Men, at Ditto Rates, 9 2 Days each

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, tic. - -....

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, to Stirling, from Tyndrom to Inver ary, and from Dalmalie to Branded confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 private Men, at D# Rates, 92 Days each -Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, tic. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Creeff and Tay Bridge to Dalnacardoch, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges of Ardlicers, Carts, tic. - - -....

To a Party to work from Dunbarton, up Lochlomonjide, to Tarbett, and to Inverary, and through Glen/'alloch and Glenfruen, to the Junction of the Road with the Black Mountain Road, confiding of 1 Subaltern, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 1 Drummer, and 30 private Men, at the aforesaid

Rates, 92 Days each -.....-

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, tic. -

To a Party to work on the Line of Road from Fort George, through Strathspey, to Corgarff Barracks, Braemar Cadle, and to Blairgowrie and Cupar in Angus, confiding of 2 Subalterns, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 50 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, tic. -

To a Party to work on the Road leading over the Caris. Mount to Strathbogie, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 28 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, tic. - -- --....

To a Party to work from Fochabers, on Speyjide, to Strathbogie, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, tic. -

To a Party to work from Canton to Follow in RofsJI/ire, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and £5 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each ——

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, tic. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Blair in Athole to Dalnacardoch, confiding of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 private Men, at D° Rates, 92 Days each -

Extra Charges for Artificers, Carts, tic. ——

To the new Road from Port Patrick to the River of Sark, and to the Harbour at Port Patrick

To the Bridge over the Water of Deveron, confiding of 7 Arches - -

To the Bridge over the Water of Aray -

To Piling and Shoeing the Bridge near Dunbarton over the Water of Leven -

To repair the Foundation of the large Bridge at Fort Augustus -

To build Bridges upon the Line of Road from Stirling to Dunbarton -

To build 3 Bridges upon the Line of Road from Blair to Dalnacardoch, a 36 Foot Arch, and

2 Arches of 25 Feet each - ....

To re-build 2 Bridges in Glenfallach, carried away by the Floods in October lad -

To re-build 3 small Arches upon the Road from Stirling to Tay Bridge -

To re-build the Bridge of 3 Arches over the Water of Ejrick, carried away by a Thunder Shower, or Water-Spout in June lad, not one Stone remaining, or to be seen -To re-build 3. small Arches near Dalwhinny, carried away lad June, by the same Flood

Total - £.

War-Office, id March, 1776.'

Barrington*

£ s. d.

162 10 8

167 — —

162 10 t

132 10

146 8 8

127 10

146 8 8

124 5 —

79 8

54 16

100 8 3

81 lS 9

162 10 8

122 H 6

79 H 8

54 16 —

70 10 8

48 1 3

72 16 8

48 is 3-

70 10 8

49 16 —

2,000 — —

960 — — 600 — - — 185 10 — 56 4 ,7I l5 —

288----

65 10 — 41 2 6

340 12 9

84 l6 —

6,996 10 2

Ordered,

i.6 Geo. III.

-4* Ma

615

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shaftesbury A Pttition of the several Persons, whole Names are-Eletiion. thereunto lubscribed, and on the Behalf of others, was pretented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Shuftesbury, in the County of and setting

forth, That the Petitioners are, by the said Bill, declared to be difebled from giving any Vote at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, eitheJ for the said Bcrough, or for any County, City, Town, Borough, or' other Place, in Great , by which

the)' conceive themselves to be greatly aggrieved: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the feme may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took. Chail OX the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chaw.

Sir Charles Whit'zjuorth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions , which they liad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acouainfM r

that he was tlirested by th= ConSl H°f‘: they may havt Leave to fit again ‘° mtW’

JSS &IfmofeaWte "ft MZ-

-Met fba-Utct

The other Order of* the Day r 1 .

Resolved, That this Irloufe Monday w»y.

Morning next, resolve ltlelf m 3 Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to ffis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

African A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Company. ^Merchants trading to A, being offered to be presented to the House j

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been , informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recom-

4 mends it to the Confederation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the louse an Account of the Money granted for the ear 1774, examined and parted by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the 23d of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa and that they have inverted the Money granted in ;1775 for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts ‘ and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts and Settlements having been delivered to the Petitioners in a very bad State by the Royal; African Company, and the Sums annually granted

by Parliament being nearly expended in the Civil and Military Establishments, leaving very little for the Repairs of the said Forts, several of them Hill remain in a very ruinous Condition; and that the House, in the Year 1772, granted the Sum of £. 2,400 to finish the Repairs of Cape Coast ,but that the Walls of that Fort were found in lb very decayed a State, and many new Defects discovered in the Progress of the Works, which could not be foreseen, that the Petitioners have been unavoidably led into the Expence of a much larger Sum of Money than was granted by Parliament for that Service, and the Repairs of the said Fort still remain unfinished; and that the Petitioners being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum, for the necessary Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, and likewise for the Repairs Hill wanted, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; r

1 he House resolved itself into the said Committee.

‘ Voi- 35-

Luna7y40 die Martii %

1

Anno 1 6* Georgij IIP" Reg,s> I7?6.

RATERS.

A BILL for the better Regulation and Government Bolton of the Pilots conducting Ships and V’eflels into. Harbour, and out of, the Port of Boston, in the County of Lin- -.

coin; and for affixing and setting down Mooring Ports within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks within, or adjoining to, the said Haven and Harbotir, and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert Bertie, Lord , BrownlovJ Bertie, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Bo- lr rough of Boston, in the county of ; and for

removing and preventing Nuifences, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Robert Bertie, Lord Browniow Bertie, Andt ey

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five 01 the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Fynerrpresented to the House, according^ to Neftlfhani

Order, a Bill for dividing, apportioning, and indoling, Inclosure. the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste 05 rounds, within the Manor and Pari Ih of

Net tie ham y in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Hinksey Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- lr‘clo!ure-monable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey, otherwise Ferry Hinksey, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elzves,

Mr. Hartley*: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at t xve of- the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

7 0An

6

Martii.

A. 177^.

Bowes’

E<hte.

Hartwell and Stone Iaelofure.

Moore’s

Name.

Liardet’l

Patent.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for resting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of sex, Berks, and Suffix, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased,) in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fetded to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Lambton, Sir 'Thomas Clavering, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the' Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Francis Ferrand Moore, Esquire, now called Francis Ferrand and his

Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore, Esquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to (he Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the fble Use and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout his Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. John, Mr. Pulteney,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

B»reh*m A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Wood, Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Indofuie. Parish of Eljlree, otherwise Idlefiree, in the County of

Hertford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Mr. Halsey,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bnmtiogthnrp A Bijl for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-Inclosure. mon Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Bruntingthorp, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Butcher’* A Bill for better enabling the Company of Butchers Company. of the City of London to prevent exposing unwhole-lb me Flesh Meat to Sale, within the Limits of their Charter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

16

A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more Soar River effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Navigation. Reign of His present Majesty, for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Le:cejt:r\ and forte* pealing Part of the said Act; an i for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from a certain Part of the said River Soar, which joins or communicates with a Piece cr Parcel of Ground called Bijl:of’s within tire.

Liberty of Garenton, in the said County, hear, up, or into. The Rushes, at Loughborough aforesaid, was read

a' Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford. Sir George Robinson, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’?

Chamber.

Mr. Damer preferred to the House, according to D°rclei*» Order, a Bill for better cleansing, lighting, and watch- treeu* ing, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tything of Colliton Row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horse Ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike} for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tything, from being thatched: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, Owners, Sandwkili and Masters of Vessels, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, on Behalf of themselves and ether Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, was presented Lo the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to enable the C-;mmissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastertt Part of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within The General Failles; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws Sewer* within the Limits aforesaid; and fctt’rg forth. That the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pal* into a Law, as it is now drawn, it will be highly injurious to them, and others. Inhabitants of the said Town; And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, against such Parts of the said Bill, as may atfeft the Petitioner*, and other the Inhabitants o! Sandwich, and that such Provisions may be made in the said- Bill, for the Petitioners Security, r.s to the House fifed feejUR meet.

Ordered, That the said i\.d’on be referral i > *he Consideration of the C -rnmi.r. r, to whom the 'VI Bid is committed j And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Ccuni’el, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir William Guise reported from the Committee, to Porfiiwte* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inftofw*. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Paftr.res, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorfington, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774. relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame

to

16 Geo. III.

4* Martii.

627

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read

Odel

Inclosure.

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, agreed to by the House

that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odel',in the County of Bedfwas read the Third Time.

Refobved, That the Bill to pate: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odel, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And Notice seeing taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill *

Conned of the

,_v dr» s ^nterest is concerned.

Content, as that the House fit.

Ordered That ingrafted.

may do

therein as they fha think *h Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lincoln Rocth

React%

General KporM from (Jje Commi

to whom the B.11 d,ylding indoZ; . Common, and Waste Grounds, within the of

Brougham, in the bounty of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the

25th of April 1 7 74* relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

Lord Brownkw Bertie reported from the Committee, been complied with; and that the Committee had exa-to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Con lent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of and that the Committee had gone

Brougham

loclosure.

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath,

to the City of Peterborough, and from the East End of Mariam Lane, to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Cc’J and from Donr nmgton High Bridge to the Cross Post, in the Parish of Hacconby, and from the East End of a Lane

csded Halt Drove, to and through the Town of

Old Sleaford, to the End cf Hedge, in the

* Parish of arrington, in the County r.f Lincoln,* was committed; That the Comm;:-?? .;d ex? iivd

the Allegations of the Bill, and xr.r-.d the same to true; and that the Committee had pore t’.vc-vg’i 1! e Bill, and made teveral Amendments t. rr.: 0, w'f'rh they had directed liim to report to the 11 u\:; . r ! he Teau the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

the Committee , through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord Brown/ozv Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed: That the Committee had examined, an found that the Standing Orders of the House, or the 25th of April x 7 74, relative to Bills of Inclosure, ha k... __1: 1 ’-7? 1 *Vw» Committee had

Beckinghun

Jndoiure.

been complied with; and that the -examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands a e to the Land Tax at the Quarterly Payment of Seven Pence Lord Edward Bentinch reported from the Committee, Halfpenny; and that the Whole of the Lands intended

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open 1 ' ' 1 n.

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-\ had given their Oonfcar to the Bill, to the Sa

cor

tisihfticr*. of the Committee (except William Raven, charged ro the Land Tax at n. 9 per Quarter, who fcici his Property was small, and he would not concern himself with the Bill; and also except Elizabeth Bruff, charged to the Land Tax at ir. 2f per Quarter, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed is charged to the Land Tax at £.26. 7 s. 10 \d.per Quarter; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and Vox.. 35.

to be inclosed are assessed to the Land Tax at the Quarterly Payment of Nineteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oypose the Bill); and that the Coin — mittee had gone i hough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hirra. to report to the House; and he read the Report ir* his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wit Lx the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ’A'her^ the Amendments were Once read throughout -and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. . *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the V,car Churchwardens, principal -5^ Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of ' "*

the Parish of

Tar debiggt

hv CooooIp

6*8

4° Martii

A. 1776".

Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, Resolved, That the Billdopafs; A ad that the Title

on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred j That be. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said and employing, the Poor within the . Parish of Saint Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as in the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Yards, and other open Pafl’ages. and Places, and for the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch, within such

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Humphrey Littleton, being examined, said, That Part of the Church of the said Parish hath lately fallen down; and that the other Part is in so ruinous a Condition, that it is necessary to take the same down, it being incapable of being repaired.

Parts of the said Parish a% are not within the Liberty of The Tower of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Tufnell do carry' the Bill to thd Lords, and desire their Concurrence..

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify Rich Persons as have omitted to qualify

That an Estimate hath been made of the Expence of themselves for Offices and Employments, and to in taking down and rebuilding the said Church, amounting demnify Justices of the Peace, "or others, who have to the Slim of Two thousand Two hundred and Seventy omitted to register or deliver, in their Qualifications

Office*

and

Emjfloy

(flarebroueh

and

Welham

inclosure.

Pounds, and upwards, which the Parishioners arc desirous of raising by a Tax upon themselves.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, he fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons,

within the lime limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those -Purposes, and to indemnity Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Lfiw, or having been Ramped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorniesand Solicitors: And that Sir and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Clare- Whitworth and Mr. Gascoyne do prepare, and bring in, brough and Welham, in the Parish of Clarebrough, in the the lame. .

Mutiny and Desertion; America.

Sir fofeph Mawbey, according to Order, ‘ reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whorri the Bill to continue, for a further Time, an Act, madd in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,’ intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, " the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow,’ " Hogs Lard, and Grease," w'as committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to this

County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Edward Benlinck, Mr. Foley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to *’* amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s " Dominions in America, an Act, passed in the present Bill; and which they had directed him to report to' " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punish- the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and " ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in " ment of the Army and their Quarters, and for ex- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice " tending the Provisions of the said Act to His Ma- read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed " jesty’s Marine Forces in America," was read the Third to by the House. *

Time. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title ingrossed. be. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, " and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Domi- for Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Mack-

" nions in America, an Act, passed in the present Sef- worth. Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Pulteney, and Mr.

" lion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment -

" of the Army and their Quarters; and for extending Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" the Provisions of the said Act to His Majesty’s Ma- for veiling certain Estates, now held in Trull for the

" rine Forces in America." Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital,

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

St. George An ingrossed Bill for the better maintaining, regu-(Middlesex) lating, and employing the Poor, within the Parish of ^Street*1 Saint George, in the County of Middlesex-, and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes,

incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent: And that Sir Charles Hardy and Mr. Newnham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to disfranchile and incapaci-

Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and tate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at

Places, and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of The Tower of London, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following wer severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 35. To leave out " Rates," and insert " Rate," and to leave out " Assessments" and insert " Assessment" inllead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by-the House j and the Bill was amended ,at the Table accordingly. ~

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for: preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftflury, in the County of Dorset, be now read.

And the said Order being read acco uingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the House this Day, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Srix-Charles' Whitworth, according to "Order, reported

from

Duties on T also*,

&t.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Greenwich

liofpiuL

Shaftelhury

Ele&ioa.

Supply.

16 Geo. III.

Martii.

Tellers for the

v CSir Grey so

Yeas’lMr*

629.

f 120.

} +

r . (Mr Thomas

Tellers for the Noes,^; HuJJey,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Resolveitions being accordingly severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly to recommend to His Majesty that He will be graciously pleated to use His Eialea-yours, that such foreign Troops as ate now, or may

2S&*be

Ordered, That the said Addrefi k*__r , . Tr-

Majesty by such Members of this Hv& 0° His

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thereupon, agreed to by the Houses That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty-one thousand Eight hundred Eighty-feveo Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Twelve thousand Three hundred and Ninety-four Men, the

Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse CaJJell',in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, pursuant

to Treaty. _ ____

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-one thousand Four hundred Seventy-five Pounds Twelve Mr. Lygott p>relentea to the according tn

Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a naviiable for defraying the Charge of Four thousand Three bun- Out, or Canal* from certain Lands belonging to Thomas dred Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Bruns- Talbot Foley, Esquire, called The Ox and

wick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the The Little Ox Terr/oTv, Ctuate at Ne/herson, in the Parish Subsidy, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred of Dudley, in the County of ITorce/ler, to a Place called and Seventy-six, pursuant to Treaty. 1 The Black Delp/s, upon P, C/iace, in the Parish of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, to jpin and That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand and communicate with a collateral Cut or Canal, (Part of Six Pounds Nineteen Shillings Three Pence and Three ^ie proposed Stourbridge Canal Navigation) intended to Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying be made from. T/ie Lays, in the said Parish of Kingswin-the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of Hanau, in the Pay for^> to The Black Delph aforesaid: And the same was of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to received; and read the First Time.

Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Caffell, from Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, the Sixth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, being Two hundred and Ninety-four Dap.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, monly called King's Sedgmcor, in the County of That a Sum not exceeding Six hundred and Eight Somerset»

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the paying of Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Pensions to the Widows of such Reduced Officers of His upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the „ ..... ,. *t~

-- - - - ---- - - - Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1775, be laid before this House.

Addressf Clothing of Foreign Troops.

Dudley Canal„

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing a certain. Trad of Commonable Land, com-

King’s

Sedgmoor

ijiciosure*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow A'lorning, Ten of the Clock.

Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen,

for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- ,

f,x. The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, . Resolved, Xbat this House wiU, upon fVednej ay whole

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-seven thousand Five n^xt> refblve itself into a Committee o

hundred Seventy-five Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be to c°n(ider further of the Supply gran

granted to His Majesty, upon account of the reduced Majesty.

Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, .,»/- i,rvm iVednesday

for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- Refo, Xhat this House wi ’ th

fix. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee on

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, whole House, to consider for thero That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Fifty *or r^sing the Supply granted to 1 J *7*

Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and ' to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Trpops ot Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seven thousand Five hundred and Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolutions be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Vol. 3^.

S*

.4*

M*

ay*

IVIartisy50 die Martii;

Anno 16* Georgii III. Regis, 1776.

PUYERS.

TE WI S Violates Baflide took the Oaths appointed

in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Corcr — mon Fields, ana other Commonable Lands, in tjh^. Barton Hamlets of Barton and Martcleeve, in the Parish of

7 X

hu‘C~^O^VirvI

630 5 Martii. . 1776.

Bidford, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles

Holt, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this v Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Greenwich Sir Charles Hardy presented to the House, according Hospital. to Order, a Bill for veiling certain Estates,. now held in Trust for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital* incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Workington A Petition of several Mailers and Owners of Ships, Harbour. Merchants, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is intended to be made, for a Bill to amend and improve the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, if the said Harbour was sufficiently enlarged, deepened, and regulated, the same would be very useful and advantageous to Trade and Commerce. And therefore praying. That a Bill for such Purposes may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of , in the County of Cumberland, was referred.

Ordered, That the lid Committee be revived.

Wansford A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Bridge, Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-Road ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge to Scotgate, in Siamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, to The Market Cross in Bourn, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cecil, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital

Burgesses, of the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the 22d and 29th Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge to Scotgate, in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, to The Market Cross in Bourn; and setting forth. That, in the said Bill, there is a Clause, im-^powering the Trullees of the said Road to pull down the Town Hall, Gaol, House of Correction, and Gaoler’s House, and Three other Houses, belonging to the Petitioners, for the Purpose of widening certain Parts of the said Road, and to rebuild the said Town Hall, Gaol, House of Correction, and Gaoler’s House; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners are well satisfied, that the Plan for widening the said Road

will be of great public Utiliy, and are desirous that the same may be carried into Execution, and that the Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for naturalizing Lewis Plaletes Baftide, was read Baftidrt a Second Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WyId-bore, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Stroud tviter the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of his Navigation, late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to " Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud in the fame

" County;" and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Wall-bridge aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Mills and Lands on and near the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the . House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th Day of 1774, "That,

" after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition " is presented to this House, for making a navigable " Canal, or for making or improving the Navigation " of a River, or for altering any Act of Parliament " passed for either of those Purposes, there be presented " with such Petition a Plan, describing the Line of such " intended Canal, or Navigation, and the Lands through " which the same is to be carried; and that previous " Application be made to the Owners and Occupiers " 01 such Lands, for their Afient to the proposed " Canal, or Navigation; and that separate Lists of the " Names of such Owners and Occupiers be presented " also with the said Petition, distinguii firing which of " them on such Application have assented to, or dissented from, the said proposed Canal, or Navigation, or are neuter in respect thereto," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Baftari Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King fames the Children. First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying " and murdering of Ballard Children was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do'pals: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the destroying and murder- '

" ing of Ballard Children."

Ordered,

Marston St. Lawrence Prebend.

Drury Lane

Theatre; Decayed Adtars fund.

Petrfev

Advowsom

Hales’

E&atcs.

1.6 Geo. III. 5® Martii. 631

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Prebend of Marston Saint Lawrence, in the County of and the

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent-Charges to Doctor Everard Buck-worth, and his Successors in the said Preftend; and for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof out of him and his Successors, and for vesting the fame, so charged, in John Blencowe, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys,. Mr. Amcotts, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made leve-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,- with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Strahan reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Advowson of the Rectory of Pewfcy, in the County of Wilts, (Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late Lord Holland, deceased) in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in finishing and completing a Mansion House at Winterjlow, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House had agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. James Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, together with a capital Messuage built on Part thereof, deviled by the Will of Sir John Hales, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to assign the same to Henry Herbert, Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Consideration Money in such Manner as in the Act is mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Vox.. 35.

Amendment: And. he delivered the Bill in the

Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do part.

Ordered, That Mr. James Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords 5 and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Shaftribury Reading of the Bill to disfrandufe and incapacitate Ehflion. certain Persons therein mentioned from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of

"twrelde C the County of Uorfet,

And the j* i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole fioute.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this venmght, resolve it left into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the IToufe this Day, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill, (except John Foot and John Wilton) do attend the said Committee, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That John Jarvis do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Adam Stothert do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William London do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Henry Waite do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Roberts do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Green do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Ellen do attend the fold Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Charles Russell do attend the hid Committee, at the same Time. re-

ordered, That Edward Oram do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time. , . r-id

Ordered, That Thomas London do attend the

Committee, at the same Time. mm-

Ordered, That John Hill do attend the said committee, at the feme Time. , . ,-A mm —

Ordered, That John Davis do attend the hid committee, at the feme Time. rjrv»n-»

Ordered, That John Target d6 attend the said Committee, at the feme Time. , r -

Ordered, That Joseph ponding do attend- the laic*

Committee, at the same Time. . —

Ordered That William England, Junior, do attend, the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Oram do attend the hid Co era — mittee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Pinhorn, of ther Borough of Sha/tefbury, in the County of Dorset, Gera — tleman, and also the Petition of the several Persons w whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and on the Behalf of others, which were presented to the House upom Friday last, against the said Bill, be referred to Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if* they think fit.

A Petition of Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Sandwich

ly'mS hSlZgc

6 32 5° — & A. 1776.

lying along the Rivw Stour, from the City of *

to Fordwich Bridge, in the County of , and

within the Limits of the Commission of Sewers for the Eastern Parts of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for several Limits in the Ealfern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within The General Vallies, and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers, within the Limits aforesaid; and letting forth, That the Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sandwich have presented a Petition against the said Bill, under a Pretence that, if the said Commissioners of Sewers would embank the Lands along the said River Stour, below Fordwich Bridge, the same would effectually prevent the Lands there from being overflowed i but the Petitioners apprehend that such Embankments would be very ineffectual for that Purpose, and that, if the same was carried into Execution, it would be the Means of repelling the Waters, and thereby overflowing the Lands of the Petitioners; and the Petitioners are also of Opinion, that the making a Cut from The Stour, near Stonar or Joy,

into Sandwich Haven, would be a more certain Means of draining the Lands in The General than em-

banking the said Lands below Fordwich Bridge: And therefore praying. That the said Bill, lo far as the same relates to the making the Cut, may pass into a Law; and that the said Lands along the said River Stour, below Fordwich Bridge, may not be embanked, as the same will be of great Prejudice to (if not the inevitable Ruin of) the Lands of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Censideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Roads leading from " the East Side of Lincoln Heath, to the City of " borough, and from the East End of Mar ham Lane " to the Town of Walton, in the County of -

" ton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of " Coljlerworth, and from Donnington High Bridge to

the Cross Poji, in the Parish of Hacconby, and from " the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and " through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of " Long Hedge, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln

Ordered, That Lord Brownlotv Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, in the room of William Eden, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Militia; A Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, Scotland. jn that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercur'tty 6° Martii;

Anno i6* Georgii III1'* Regis,. 1776, Praters.

Lincoln Heath A N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Roadt. XX Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen-" ing the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and from the <£ East £nd of Mar ham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Coljlerworth, and from Donnington High Bridge to the Cross PoJl, in the u Parish of Hacconby, and from the East End of a " Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town " of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the " Parish of Quarrington, in the County of was

read the Third Time,

- 20

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according, to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tarde-bigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, that their Address of Monday last (humbly to recommend to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to use his Endeavours, that such Foreign Troops as are now, or may hereafter be, employed in His Service, be clothed with the Manufactures of Great Britain) had been presented to His Majesty; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

That His Majesty being always desirous to give every Encouragement in His Power to the Manufactures of Great Britain, will use his Endeavours, as recom: mended by the said Address.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating and licensing Practitioners in Midwifery;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver ia their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further "Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions. duly

stamped;

Upton

laokSfuKt

New

Wootiftotk

Writ.

Tardebtgg

CJwrch.

Answer to

Address;

Clothing

of

FtitipTfoifi

Liceti sing

Practniou*

in

Midwifery

Offices and E rap1 oy menu.

Dundee Two Pennies Scots.

Taylor’s

Patent.

Dorfir>g*im

lndofure.

Drury Lane Theatre; Decayed A&ort Fund.

Hales*

Estate.

16 Geo. III.

6° Mar Hi.

*11

stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon ever)' Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to Elizabeth of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exerciseof certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Shivers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorjington, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorjington, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Sir William Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, applicable to charitable Uses and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, together with a capital Messuage built on Part thereof, deviled by the Will of Sir John Hales, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, in Trull, to assign the same to Henry Herbert, Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the , Consideration Money in such Manner as in the Act is mentioned; and acquaint their Lordships, that this . Vox,. 53,

House hath agreed to the fame, vrithout any Amendment.

A Bill more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose, was, according to Order, read a; Second Time.

Resolved, TTliat the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are.to have Voices.- ... i

Ordered 'That it be an Instruction to the said Com- !

_haV;? 1 °^er extend the Provisions r of the said Bill. to that Part of Great Britain called

Deer

Stealing!

Badidt’*

Nat.

Committee, to whom

' „BJ fnri eft Lt’W‘‘ Vk,e"s Stjidt, was cort-

mmed , That the ,lad,

' 8?,7, S d so.m Umcto be true,

and that the Cohsrra tee bud direScdhim to report the

?! '° ‘he, ""bout any Amendment And be

delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table /

; Ordered, Tfiat the Bill be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of being read; . the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad--- journed till this Bay Three Weeks. '

Dura riba of

Parliaments-

S*

A Motion Ivns made, and the Question being put,-That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments; ' — -

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. ’ '

[The Mayor of 1 1

London, >

Mr. Alderman Oliver: J ‘

; Tellers for the j

So it passed in the Negative. ’ 1 ,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to HisMa.-, jesty; ,

A Motion was made, That, the Report, which was made from tire Committee, who were appointed t<* _ prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay at*

Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1776, be referred. _ to the said Committee. _ , _ ,

The Lora JSiorth, by His Majesty s Command, quainted the House, that His Majesty re^ornmends ifc to the Hovdfc, to make such Provision, for defraying Charges of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for Year 1776, a.s they shall think necessary.

Ordered, 'that the said Report be referred to the laic* Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence ot the-new Roads of Communication, and building Bridges^, in the Highlands of North Britain, pursuant to th.o Orders of his Grace the Duke of Argyll, for the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee. 1

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cotrt_

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com — ., mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Char/es Whitworth reported from the Committee-That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. - # '

7Y - Si,

634 <5° — 7* M1776.

Sir Omits Whitworthalfo acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this Honk will, upon Friday Mo/n-ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways Rafolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-and Means. next, refohre itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Jovis, 7° di Martii;

Chudleigh

Bridge

thro*

A (h barton Road.

Anno 16* Georgii III" Regie, 1776.

Prayers.

MR. Palk reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the 4‘ Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of " in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent , in the Parish w of South Brent, in the said County;" and also of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of , to New-

" ton Bushell, and from thence to For Che's, otherwise

Forger's Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of Devon t"was referred; That the Committee bed examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the first-roentioned Act was read: And,

Mr. Richard Eales, being examined, feid. That in pursuance of the said first-mentioned Act, the Trustees for the Care of the Road therein mentioned, have borrowed the Sum of £. 2,500, which, with the Tolls collected, after paying the Interest of the Money, has been applied in repairing the said Road; but the feme cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money now due and owing on the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued.

And the Witness further feid, That some of the Provisions in the said Act have been found inconvenient; and it is necessary the said Act should be explained and amended, in order to complete the Repairs of the said Road.

Then the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read:

And the Witness said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of £. i,t50 on the Credit thereof, 'which has been applied to the Repair <?f the said. Road.

And the Witness further feid, Tljat the Road from 20

the Termination of the said Road, through the Parishes of Tingraze and IIJington, to the Town of South Bovey,

is much out of Repair, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; that the Trustees are delirous of extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Repair of that Branch of Road, but that it is not proposed to erect any Turnpike thereon, or take any additional Toll on that Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County; and for altering and amending the said Act; and also for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bushell, and from thence to Forche's, otherwise

Forger's Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of Devon; and for empowering the Trustees for putting thg last mentioned Act in Execution to repair the Road- from Forche's, otherwise Forger's Cross aforesaid, through the Parishes of Tingraze and Using-toni to the Town of South Bovey, in the said County: And that Mr. Palk and Mr. Brett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, called AJkwood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of AJkwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Psnifli of Kingswitford, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that she Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had bwri complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of die Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given thdr Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of about 80 Acres, viz. One who lives in Scotland, One who lives in the Island of Minorca, One who could not be found, One who could not be met with, and Two who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,461 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by t lie House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for ascertaining the Landed Property, as well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blessed Mary the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Hamlet of

Charlton, in the Parish of Cropthorn and County of

Worthier, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the same Hamlet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lv-gon, Mr, Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afteraoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion

Alhwood Hay Indole r*

4

Charlton

inclosare.

„J

Hampton

Iacloiore*

Baflidc’t

Nat.

Salford

Charity.

6*5

i 6 Geo. III. 7’ Martii.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for dividing and granted by Three Acts of Parliament, fot ky*ng inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other of Two Pennies Scots upon every 10 a

Commonable Land, within the Parish of Great and brewed and vended within the Town o unaee, ana

Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, THaat Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire tLeir Concurrence.

Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, that several of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Uninclosed and Commonable Land, lying in the Open and Common Fields, within the Manor and Parish of

Mr. Burke rep>orted from the Committee, to whom Great and Little Hampton, in the County of fVorcefier, the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, who petitioned this House, upon the 22d Day of of the Society of* Merchant Venturers of the City of February last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, Bristol, under tHc*ir Common Seal, was referred* That against the said Bill, and which Petition was ordered to the Committee had examined the Mattel* of the said lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Petition", and had directed him to report the same as Time, declined being heard by their Counsel against it appeared to them, to the House; and he read *the the said Bill; Report in his I»lace, and afterwards delivered it in at

The laid Bill was read a Second Time. the Clerk’s Ta.L>Ie s Where the same u-jc . »nA

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, followethj *

"..... " ' To prove the -Actions of the ioa, Mr.

Lewis Vtaletes and Commerce* and Ships and lying at the

Quays thereof, are, by the E/Sux of the Tide, left dry twice in every I wenfy-four Hours, whereby they -questly receive iParnage;

That great Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine, are, and have been for many Years pad, imported into the said Port, particularly in the Summer Months; that the Tar is obliged to lie on the Quays, until the Officers come to gauge it, which

j 7 ----------<r — ..... JQ *

Mr. Foley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Bafiide, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vialetes Bafiide.

Ordered, That Mr. Wyldbore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Trustees of certain Chanty Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County

Severn Bridge at

BcathalL

Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof, is frequently not done inless than a Fortnight; and that

’ great Watte is occasioned in it by the Heat of the

Weather:

That the Goods before enumerated, being of small Value, will not bear the Expence of removing, and are therefore frequently suffered to remain till fold, and often for want of Room for Storing within a convenient Distance, whereby the Quays are incommoded, and other Goods much flraitened for want of Room:

That the present Quays are situated in the most fine- quested Part of the City; and in case of Fire happen*

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Thomas Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baldwyn reported from the Committed, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the lame, ing thereon, the Shipping in particular, and that

was committed^ That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrafted.

Part

of the City, would be in great Danger of being de* stroyed:

That the Society of Merchant Venturers of the said City have expended out of their own Estates great Sums of Money for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Trade of the said Port, particularly on One Quay to the Amount of f. 10,000, within these Ten Years, any additional Burthen on the Trade }

7 ~ ^OUgUj

'cclingham

Indoiure.

Dondff

Two Pennies Scots.

without laying _______

notwithstandingr which, the Quays are not large enougu» nor properly situated for preventing the above-mentione Inconveniences and Danger, of which great Complat have been made: .

That about four Years ago, the fold Society pu ckafed certain Docks out of the Jurisdiction of the 1 7 An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and County of in the Parish of Clifton, in t

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in County of adjoining to the River Avon witnir»

the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham, the said Port, commonly called Champion's Dock, whicri.

was read the Third Time. has already cost jQ. 15,000 (including the first Purchases

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Money) and Have made One of the said Docks a Float — be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, ing Dock, which contains Water sufficient to float the»-Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish larged Ships tHat come up the Bristol River:

That the said Society propose to enlarge those Docks, on the Western Sides, io as to make them more capacious and commodious, which, if executed, would bee sufficient to accommodate all Ships bringing the afore — An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers mentioned Articles into the said Port of Bristol: That the y* granted by Three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty also propose t o ered Warehouses and Sheds for S for inland Laying-up the before-mentioned Articles of Trade* and protecting the same from the Weather; and also to make Ref rvoirs to preserve the Leakage of the Tar a. and that there will also be sufficient Room for piling

of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

of Two Pennies Scots upon every* Pint cf Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And That the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers Vol. 35.

inti

will also be Lumber of all Sorts:

Timber.

Tint Surveys have been made by

Order of the said. Society,

Bristol

Port.

Bristol

Port.

636 7 Martii.

Society, from which it appears, that the Execution of he Design is practicable; and the same is meant to be executed at the foie Expence erf the Society:

That in order to prevent Mischiefs that niight happen by Fire, it will be necessary that Goods, under certain Circumstances, should be prohibited from being landed on the present Quays, and the Merchants who generally import those Sorts of Goods have had Two Meetings with the Committee of the Society, to consult what Proportions of the Cargoes of Lumber and enumerated Naval Stores should be prohibited from being landed on the present Quays; and it was then agreed, that -when Two Third Parts of a Cargo consisted of the above Articles, those Ships should not be allowed to discharge the Naval Stores or Lumber, at the present Quays, but be compelled to discharge them at the intended Quays of the New Dock; and the Rates to be paid for the same, and for Housing and Storing such Goods, were settled between the Merchants Importers and the Committee, whenever the intended New Quays should be established:

That, in order to effect the several Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary for the Society to purchase feme Land in the said Parish of Clifton for the Purpose of enlarging the said Dock, building Quays, Warehousesi, and Sheds, and making other Conveniences as aforesaid; and as the Bull nets transaded there will be chiefly by Persons who are concerned in the Trade of the City of Bristol, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to have the Jurisdiction of the said City extended to such Part of the said Parish of where the Business

mud be transaded, for the Trial of all Offences, and settling all Disputes and Differences that may arise or happen there.

The Witness further laid, That great Frauds and Abuses are committed by Persons loading Lighters for supplying Ships in the said Port with Ballast:; and it is necessary that they should be put under fotne Regulations, for at present Ships frequently go to Sea with not more than Two Thirds of the Ballast they pay for, and in Gales of Wind are greatly endangered thereby.

Mr. Samuel Worrull (Clerk to the said Society), being examined, said, That he has attended the Society upwards of Thirty Years, and knows the Port of Bristol; That great Inconveniences have attended the present Manner of landing Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, Deals, and other Lumber; and it is the general Sense of the Merchants and Inhabitants of the City of , that the Danger by Fire to the Ships in the said Port, and to the Houses and Warehouses within that Part of the said City, which adjoins the Quays, from such Goods being suffered to remain upon the Quays, is very great, and the Landing them at the new-intended Quays, very de-firable, and will be a Convenience to Trade:

That the Society are possessed of a considerable Estate, which, in general, they apply for the Benefit of Trade, and are now considerably in Debt, having expended, within the last Thirty Years, near £. 60,000. £.10,000 whereof, or thereabouts, was, a few Years since, expended in building a Quay Wall; and near £ 15,000 in the Purchase and Completion of the Docks in the said Parish of Clifton.

That, in order to extend the Quay on the Western Side of the Floating Dock, as well as to enlarge the Dock itself, it will be necessary to purchase Four Sixth Parts of about Nine Acres of Ground, of which the Society are seised of the other Two Sixth Parts; and that a Minor is interested in such Four Sixth Parts.

And the Witness confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Jones, as to the Benefits which would accrue to the Parties concerned in the Trade of the City of Bristol, if the Jurisdiction of the said City was extended over certain Parts, of the said Parish of Clifton, for trying Offences, and settling Disputes happening the re.

Mr, ‘Thomas Hayes, (a Merchant of Bristol, but not a

Member of the said Society,) informed your Committee, That he is very largely concerned in the Importation of Naval Stores, and was One of the Merchants who met a Committee oi the said Society, to adjust the Establishing of a legal Quay, in the Parish of , for the Purposes-

aforesaid, and settling the Rates payable for the fame, and to restrain the Landing the several enumerated Articles, in certain Proportions, upon the present Quays, within the said City; and it was the unanimous Opinion' of all the Merchants who attended that Meeting, that the Regulations proposed by the said Society would be particularly beneficial to the Trade of the City of Bristol, and would be a Benefit to Trade in general; and that extending the Jurisdiction of the City of Bristol to the said Docks and Places before-mentioned would be of Benefit to the Merchants and all Persons concerned in the Trade of the said Port.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to remove the Danger of Fire amongst- the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the Landing large Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays, and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of for

landing and storing the fame, and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels, carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Burke, Mr. Crtiger, Mr. Laroche, and Mr. Combe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. and Mr.

Peck ell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Failures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington, and Hamlet of Med bourn, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties, of Blackthorn, in the Parish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Desborough, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Northampton-.

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Alexander De Morfter; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Anthony Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Workington, in the County of Cumberland was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Some

Liddi colon Indofurt;.

Blackthorn

Inclosure.

Desborough

inclosure.

Dufton

Inclosure.

Mulhaufcn’s

Nat.

Morfier’s

Nat.

Workington

Harbour.

i'6 Geo. III.

7° Marta.

*11

Some Difference of Gptnion having arose as to the Report prepared and drawn up by the Chairman being a proper Extract of the Evidence, the Committee agreed to report an exact Transcript of the Miniates, which is as follows

Finer is,i6B die ", 1776.

Committee on Workington Harbour Petition.

Sir Michael Le Fleming in the Chair.

Present,

Mr. Johnstone, Mr.

Sir Cecil Wray, Mr.

Mr...Lowther, Mr. Lifter.

Sir James Lo wther,

Petition read First Time.

[Standing Orders of the House, of 25th April 1774, relating to Navigations, read.]

Mr. George White Junior (Agent for the Petition).

I am not prepared to prove the Allegations of the Petition — the Witnesses not being yet tome up.

Have you any Plan of the Harbour, or the proposed Improvements?

No — and if I had had one, I should not have annexed it to the Petition, believing that it does not come within the Meaning of the Standing Orders relating to Navigations.

Has any Notice been given in the Papers ?

No — I conceive the House has determined that Point, by referring it to a Committee.

Have you a Copy of the intended Bill ?

No — I never law one.

Adjourned to this Day Fortnight.

Veneris, i° die JMartii, 1776.

Committee on Workington Harbour Petition.

Mr. A. Bacon in the Chair.

Present,

Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Fletcher, Mr.

Mr. Strahan, Sir Michael Le,

Mr. Serjeant Adair, Sir Cecil &c. See. &c.

Petition read Second Time

Mr. John Smith — lives at , is Pier Master

there — the Town is a Port of very considerable Trade ’ — many Ships employed there — 90 Sail of Ships properly belong to the Port — it is conveniently situated for the Trade carried on there — Ships frequently come in there for Shelter — Seldom a Gale of Wind, when Ships pass Whitehaven, but they take Shelter here, when they

Have yovi any Plan of the Harbour ?

I have not in my Pocket. '

[Plan produced] which is annexed to the Report.

I was present -at the taking °t that Plan, and know the Measurment to be right it was taken by a Mr. Romney, of f^orfeington, who is not now in Town.

I mean the South Gut, where Ships only can lie in Safety.

Don’t many Sail of Vessels load on the North Side?

As soon as loaded they go to the South Gut for Safety — about 20 Sail load there — I mean those 20,

Part of the 90 Sail.

Who do the Keys on the North Side belong to ?

They were erected by the voluntary Sub&ption of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to both

1 mean in the Coal Trade.

Who do they belong to?

IMieve they Hand on Sir Jame, Lm,l,rr>s Ground

-«"T* ry, heewu ?r°W. h far as I know.

Whether f Ver ‘hewhole Number of Vedels. belonging to tVo/riugro", are in the at the Tale Time ?

1 don’t remember an In fiance.

Do you apprehend, if the Harbour was properly deepened, enlarged and secured, it would be beneficial to the Trade of tr or king ton, and of public Utility ?

Yes — it would be an Encrease of the Revenue on Account of t he Duties on Coals exported — The Harbour wants Deepening.

What Security is wanting to it?

There are tome Banks of Sand thrown in by the Sea, which are a great Annoyance to Ships falling backwards and forwards.

How do you propose to remedy it ?

It roust be done by a Pier or Piers below the South Key End.

Do you suppose, if the Harbour was deepened and enlarged, it would encrease the Number of Ships ?

I have no Doubt about it.

In Spring Tides, there is 16 Feet Depth of Water in the South Gut — we have not less than io Sail of Ships built at Workington, that are forced away for Want of Water to trade at Whitehaven — a great many of the Owners live at Workington — the Majority of them L believe they are built for Workington Trade not all

built at once--- some have been built 20 Years — -ther

Harbour has been much in the same Way since I kneV^_ it — I have known it 18 Years — they were in Hopes of the Harbour being better — it was daily improv ing till the Beginning of the Year 1768, when voluntary Tonnage upon Shipping, iraSi

Proportion of Coals shipped on the

k tltP OVvilLlJ --

Sir

Workington

Harbour,

can get in — they can’t get in at all Times — I apprehend Ships if they would not pay in general the Harbour has been a. Means of laving James Loza//ter, +>.»« not ti 6 - - 5 North Side.

taken from us — I mean trom the Owners and Mafte

t pay it to the Agents ot they were not to have any Coals on tb

Tonnage upon Coali

Don’t you. believe there is paid on the IMorth Side now ? , .

1 believe there is Two Pence a Ton paid now into the Hands of Sir James Lowther's Agents, ever fihee janze —

ary 1768, and not to the Trufrees of the Harbour-.t

mean by the Harbour improving, that it was by tb. Money that was collecting — I mean by the Harboua r* from the End of the Pile Work on the North Side

Vessels and Lives.

Do you know any Ships by Name that have taken Shelter, not belonging to the Port ?

Yes — the Peregrine a Sloop of War has, and feme of His Majesty’s Cutters — the Harbour is capable of holding 50 Sail to lie in Safety — 90 might come in.

What Times can they come into Harbour ?

About Two Hours in a Tide — One before and One after High Water.

Do you mean Vessels belonging to Workington only in far up the lx 1 ve /Jar went as above the Cla lire a r or the 90 Sail ? and up the South Gut and Mill Race as far as the Cppe^-

I mean the Whole within the Mouth of the River — End of th; and on the North Side as far ujr*.

I mean the Harbour, exclusive of what may lie in the as S!T f le ‘ r-er the Darzseen River below it. is navigable m Hmeof bde — in Spring Tides as high*.

Docs the Whole of the Harbour lie within the Mouth as Se Key am uitlirr — in Neap Tides there is nr> of the River ? ‘ Water ibfHcient for Ships to go up (he River-there i s

Yes. ater futbcient jo^oats some Way — in Spring Tide:

1 low many Ships belong to the other Side ?

1 believe, about 20 Sail — on the North Side, opposite the Mouth of the South Gut.

You 35.

70 Mar. ./?. 177$.

— the Channel has been fometipies deeper and shallower Where do the Inconvenience of the Land Floods in that Time. arise ?

Are all the Coals now shipped that are worked ? There is a preach in the Pile Work on the Lower

Yes — we could work a great deal more, if we had Cloffack, which threatens the Ruin of the Harbour. Convenience for shipping off the Coals. In what Manner will it hurt it ?

Did you expect the Improvements in the Harbour If it should break down the River Course, it from Nature or from Art ? would inevitably wash down the Keys erected in the

From Art assisted by Nature, the Situation being very South Gut, and by its Rapidity effect a Passage through good for Improvement. the Works erected on the North Side — it would utterly

What Water is at the Bar ? ruin the Harbour, in my Opinion.

In high Spring Tides near 20 Feet — and in Neap Has more Water come through that Passage within Tides not above 7 Feet sometimes. the last Three Years than before ?

What at low Water ?

About a Foot and an Half — it deepens upon the River by the Freshes — lad Winter I, could walk from Stone to Stone, without being over my Ancles, at the Time of the lad Frod — In Summer Time it is the lame.

For what Purpose was the Pile on the North Side erected ?

For the Preservation of the Ground, and to prevent the Works being washed away that were already erected there — it was erected at the Expence of Trustees appointed by the Ship Owners and Mailers.

Was it at any Rate erected for the Purpose of making the Darwent navigable ?

To affid the Navigation of the River Darwent.

Is it a navigable River ?

Only when the Tide is in the Ebbs from the Works not Ids than a Quarter of a Mile.

Don’t you under and it is navigable by the Influx of the Sea ?

Yes.

How far do Ships lay up that Part of the Ifarbour called the South Gut ?

Near John Smith's House — they discharge Timber there frequently.

Do you know the Limits of the Harbour?

I know what are reported the Limits — I can describe it by Nothing but the Notice at the Exchequer.

Whether those Piles were drove in for the Preservation of the Harbour, or to penn the Water for better assisting the Navigation of the River Darwent ?

For the Preservation of the Harbour only.

Have you not heard from old People, that the Harbour extended up as high as Cloddy Hole in the River

Darwent, and as high up the Mill Race as Margaret Miller's House ?

I have heard it so reported.

Was not the Limits so marked in the Plan you was present at the taking of ?

Yes.

Do you know how that Line came to be erafed in the Plan?

No.

What Persons ship Coals within the Limits of the Harbour ?

Sir James Lowther, Mr. Curwen. and Mr. Bacon.

In what Proportions ?

I can’t answer — nor make any Calculation.

Have any considerable Sums of Money been raised for supporting the Harbour ?

Since I have had the Collection, about £.9,000. has been raised by a voluntary Contribution of the Owners and Maders of Shipping, ascertained by the Quantity of Coals faken in, in the Name of Tonnage.

For what Purpose has it been applied ?

For the Preservation of the Harbour — deepening, enlarging, and preferring it, by the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the Maders and Owners of Shipping.

By the Tncrcafe of the Trade, the Harbour is too final!, and liable to be incommoded by Land Floods and high Tides.

>7

The Breach in the Pile Work was fir'd begun in October 1773.

Did you ever know Ships fail across that Point of Land called the Low Cloffack, from the North Side of the Harbour to the South ?

I do remember Two, in a high Tide, about Twenty Years ago, failed quite across; and anchored in the Race — the River Darwent run that Way about Sixty-five Years ago, as I have heard People lay, who are living.

Are there not large Overflowings of the River Darwent in the Old Channel, at high Tides and Land Floods ?

The common Spring Tides cover all the Low Ground.

Same Question ?

Yes — through the Old Coccafioned by its being deepened by a great Flood in 1773, which threw a Quantity of Stuff in the South Gut, and has since been washed deeper by succeeding Floods — before that Period that Old River Course was filled up in a good Measure with Ballad.

What are the Improvements that are proposed in the Harbour ?

They are to extend the Work on the Beach or Strand, on the North Side towards the Sea, as it may be found convenient and necessary for the Safety of the Harbour.

How far do you think it necessary to extend it ?

I think it will be necessary to extend it further than appears by the Plan.

Do you mean to shut up the Channel of the River wholly ?

To dig anew Channel for the River, and then to shut up the North Channel of the River.

What do you propose to do with the Bank thrown up by the Sea ?

The lower Bank is occasioned by the Land Floods — the upper Bank is thrown in by the Sea — I can hardly call the lower one a Bank — It is a flat Beach of Sand and Gravel, which we mean to cut through.

What other Alterations do you propose to make ?

A Cut upon the Rectory Ground at the lower End.

What other ?

To continue the South Key as far up as John Smith's House.

Do you propose to cut, widen, and deepen the Mill Race ?

Yes — in a Line 20 Yards from the North Corner of John Smith’s House, in a Line from the upper End of the present South Key.

[Paper produced.] Shewn the Witness.

I believe this to be a Copy of the Alterations intended to be made, which was delivered to Sir James,

by me, on the 30th November last — It was signed by the Committee of Gentlemen cholen by the Town,

1 The laid Paper is as follows.

1. "To extend the Frame Work down the North

" Side of the River Darwent."

2. " To repair, join, and preserve the Quays on " the same Side of the River, and to give Powers to " fix Polls for mooring Vessels, &c."

3. " To secure the River Darwent in itspftjfent " Course, lb far as may concern the Harbour."

4. "To

9

16 Geo. III.

6^9

r4. " To-repair anclextend the Middle or Merchants " Quay, and fix Posts thereon for mooring Vessels."

5. " To cut, open, widen, and cleanse, the South " Gat, or Mill Race, as far up as to a Point Twenty

Yards Northwards, from the North Corner of John " Smith's House, at the low End of the Town, and '* between the said Gut and a Breast Work or Quay,

which is intended to be made between the East " End of the present South Quay and the said House t and to take off the Marsh Twenty Yards " broad along the Breast Work or Quay, already made, " and to be made, between the said House and the low " Gutter for Ways, Moorings, lading and unlading Ships, fcfc "

6. " To make a Mole at the South Side of the River to break the Force of the Sea, and to extend " the Quay down the lieftory Ground to the said Mole."

To effect the above, they propose a Tonnage

Martii.

I don't think. it Falls upon the Pto Whether many of the Wfters 10

Sir James loro/Aer’s Collieries signed the Petition.

None was asked Hut what figtied.

lo report.

And a Motion t>cing made, and the Question being proposed. That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for amending, deepening, enlarging, pteferving, and securing the Harbour of Workington, in the County of Cumberland;

The House; was moved, "That the Standing Order of the House, of the 2.5th Day of 1774, That,

" after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition is " pretented t:o this House, for making a Navigable

or makin? nr ;rr.^______:______mr °.

a River,

W oiVungloft Harbour*

to

: of Thiver^^proving The Navigation

4t

passed for either of

altering

any Act of Parliament

<7

. , "..y, °pPurpoics, there be pre*-

fented, with such Petition, a flan, describing the

tl

€f

of Two Pence for every One hundred and Ninety-two " Gallons of Coals (hipt, to be paid by the Matter j and the Tonnage upon other Goods to be as near as may be the same as the Whitehaven Tonnage."

8. " Half of the Duties to be made perpetual."

9. " The Lords of Seaton and Workington, and * the Rector of Workington for the Time being, shall t* always be Trustees along with others to be elected " out of and by such of the Inhabitants of the Townships of Seaton and Workington, as' shall have been u such, and also Owners of at least One Sixteenth Part " of a Ship or Vessel belonging to the said Harbour,

" for Twelve Months at least next before such Election."

The Act not so prejudice or prevent the Payment of the ul'ual Ancliorage, or the erecting of Hurries for shipping of Coals, or launching of Vessels over the Quays, or Breast Works, from any Grounds behind the lame, or other Rights necessary to be reserved."

Has any Engineer been employed ?

No — none at all — I am not an Engineer- — I have carried on the Works of the Harbour by Direction of the Trustees, for 18 Years past, but not as an Engineer. — All the Land on the North Side, as far as the Darwent, belongs to Sir James Lozviher, I believe — the Lower Cloffacks all belong to him, I believe — he has rffths of the Mar(h in the Manor of Workington, I have heard — I don’t know who the Race belongs to — He has the Anchorage of all Ships on the North Side — It has been demanded in the course of ao Years.

Whether, since the Committee signed that Paper, any fess Works have been agreed upon ?

Line of such in.tended Can*? vt .,

Lands througU "which and

that previous -Application *

. - be made to the Owners

and Occupiers of such Luids, for their Aff to

the P;°Pofec* M r; and that fepa-

‘ »te Lists of the Names of such Owners and Occup^rs be presented_afro with the said Petition; n-

gutlhing wlxicrix c?., Shem on such Application have " assented to, or dissented from, the said proposed " Canal, or Navigation, or are neuter in respect thereto,* might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th Day of,

" That, after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition is presented to this House, for making a " Navigable Canal, or for making or improving the Navigation of a River, or for making a new Turnpike Road, or for raising any further Sum of Money " for any of those Purposes, there bfc annexed to the " said Petition an Estimate of the proposed Expence 4* of such Undertaking, signed by the Person or Per- fons making the same; together with an Account of *f the Money fxihscribed for carrying the said Work " into Execution, and the Names of the Subscribers,

with the Sums respectively subscribed by them* might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the C^ueftion being put, That Leave be given.

fobring in a. Bill for amending, deepening, enlarging*

preserving, and securing the Harbour of j

in the County of Cumberland >

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Cecil i^rciy presented to the House, accordin

— 1 «< / r v i* ___A ’mrlnfinor the LOIIl

g

I don't know that a Bill is to be entirely founded Order, a Bill -for dividing and inclosing ^omun<»

is

upon that Paper — I can’t give a direct Answer to the Question. *

Whether the Han of the intended Operations altered ?

I don’t know whether it is altered at all — I never saw a Bill drawn, or ever knew of one.

Whether the Harbour cannot be made on the South Side of the South Gut, without going to the North Side at all ?

The Harbour or Dock might be made on the South Side of the South Gut, but the Entrance of the Harbour mu ft be defended on the North Side.

What do you mean by defending ?

By Works extended to the Sea.

Did you fee all the Persons sign this Petition ?

There are very few but what 1 law — and they are chiefly living in Workington.

How many are Coal Owners ?

Only Mr. Citrwen.

Is it not the lierics, whether

Arable Fields. Commons and Waste Grounds, the Manor and Township of Amotherby, in the mivn. of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding o County of York: And the same was received; read the Kir ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir yoj'eph Adfawbey presented to the House, accordi.

to Order, a. Bill for lighting and watching the Villa^______

of Cambei~zssefl and Peck ham, in the County of Surr-^r and certain Roads therein mentioned leading the re'll and for establishing a Foot Patrolc between Peckfc* and Rlackrnan Street, in the Borough of Sottthzva

And the fritne was received; and read the FvL*-fl!

riv

lime.

Resolveef? I hat the Bill be read a Second Time,

Camberv and Peckhai lighting s watchin

Tonnage, or the Yon. :v

Sir Charles If hit worth, according to Order, report cd from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

lame Thing to the Proprietors of Col- was referred to consider further of the Supply granted, t the Ship-Masters pay the voluntary His Majesty; the Kesolutions which the Committee htciH Proprietors? directed him to report to the House j which he read

Jh/$

SuPp!y.

640 7° — 8° Martii. A. 1776.

his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s fable ' Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, and for their Subsistence during the Time they shall be absent from Home, on account of the Annual. Exercise, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North,

in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Resolved, That. it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds^ be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River from the City of Westminjl, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to maintain the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Tirne, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

shafieibury Ordered, That Silas Mullins do, upon Tuesday Mom-

Election. ing next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Sliaflejbu, in the County of is committed.

Ordered, That Philipdo attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Dicketts do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Richard Oram; Junior, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Hester do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Edward Arnold do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That George Knight do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Mayo do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Knight do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Thomas Bennett do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Russell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Leonard Fanfwell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Higgins do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That John Mansfield do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That James Thomas do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Land Tax; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mistakes to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names °Names"erS of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last. Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Seventy-five " and for appointing other

Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for grafting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raisea in Great Britain', for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly i, '

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. *

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles. Whitworth took the f hair of the«Gbtna mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee!

That they had gone through the Bill, and made art Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow" Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the HinAj* whole House, upon the Bill to incapacitate certain Ekftion. Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to ferye in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ehves took the Chair of the Committee..'

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 8° die Martii;

Anno 16 Georgii III. U Regis, 1776.

Pa a v e r s.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue, for a further Time, Duties . an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His pre- on font Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon " the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Greale," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a " limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease."

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge across the ScvemBridee River Slvern, from Beiitha/l, in the County of Salop, at ' 3 to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said Bemhall. County, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County, and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same.

Ordered,

i 6 Geo. III. 8° M641

Ordered, That Mr, Baldzvyn do carry the Bill to the Parishes of Saint Peter and All Saints, in the said Borough, Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to a Place called The Bozv, in the said Parish of Saint

Peter, within the said Borough, which is now in bad troudwater An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Condition, be henceforth repaired by the Trustees to

Javigation, Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, be named in the said Bill, and the same discharged

" An Act for making navigable the River Stroud- from all the Power and jurisdiction of the Trustees for " water, in the County of Gloucester, from the executing the said Turnpike Act: And therefore pray-

" River Severn, at or near Framiload, to IVallbridge, ing, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for

" near the Town of Stroud, in the same County;" repairing the Horse Ways of the said East Street, in and for giving other Powers for the Purpose of mak* the said Parishes of Saint Peter and All Saints, to a ing a Navigation from Framiload to IVallbridge afore- Place called The Bow, within the Borough of Dorchef-said, was read the Third Time, ter aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Provi-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fions, as to the House shall fecm meet, be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Third Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine " for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear €i County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or to them, to the House:

<c near Framiload, to IVallbridge, near the Town of And it is referred to Mr. Darner, Mr. Ewer, &c:

" Stroud, in the same County;" and for giving other And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Powers for the Purpose of making/a Navigation from of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Framiload to IVallbridge aforesaid. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, A Bill for dividing, apportioning, and inclosing,

the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lanas,

Hartwell A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Stone Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hart- Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Inclosure. we^ Stone, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grenville, Lord Brownlow Bertie, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Mr. Stanhope, &c.: And they are to meet this After- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Chamber.' \

Dorchester A Bill for better cleansing, lighting, and watch- A Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut,

Street*. ing, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, or Canal, from certain I^nds belonging to Thomas within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Talbot Foley, Esquire, called The Great Ox Leafuw and Dorset, and in the Tything of Colliton Row, in the The Little Ox Leafow, situate at Netherton, in the Pa-Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Foot Ways rish of Dudley, in the County of Wore efier, to a Place of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving called The Black Delph, upon Penfnet Chace, in the the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horse Ways, of such Parish of Kingszvinford, in the County of Stafford, to Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nui- join and communicate with a collateral Cut or Canal fances. Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein; and (Part of the proposed Stqurbridge Canal Navigation) for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be intended to bp made from The hays in the said Parish erected in the said Borough and Tything, from being of Kingswinford, to the Black Defph aforesaid, was read thatched, was read a Second Time. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Darnery Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Lytul-

Mr. Ewery &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ton, Mr. Foley, &c.: And they are to meet this After-at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dkto. A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Com-

of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, whole Names mittee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Honourable are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, George Hobart to inclose the Heath Lands and Low and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, Commons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a in the County of Lincoln; land for veiling the Gle<be Bill for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Lands, Vicarial Tythes, and Right of Common, be-Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the longing to the Vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the Borough of Dwchester, ana Tything of Colliton Rovj, said George Hobart, and for making a. Cocnpensation to in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid, for paving the the Vicar of the said Parish in lieu thereof, was cora-Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike, and mitted; That the Committee nad examined, and found for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horse that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; and April 1774, relative to Bills of indofure, had been »' for other Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by an complied with; and that the Committee had examined

Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be for amending, widening, altering, cleansing, and keep- true; and that the Parties.concerned had given iheir ing in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Comr of Dorchester, and for other Purposes therein men- mittee; and that the Committee had gone through the tioned, a certain Part of the High Road leading from Bill, and made several Amendments thereujito, which # the Parish of Forthington, through the Eafi Street, in they had directed him to report to t,he Hpufe > and the Parishes of Saint Peter and All Saints, in the read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered Borough of Dorchester, to a Place-called The Bow, in the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cjerk’s Table 1 the said Parish of Saint Peter, within the said Borough, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; is directed to be repaired> and that it would greatly and then a Second Time, Ope by One; and, \ipoi? tend to the Benefit of the said Town, and the Ends the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to desired by the said Bill would be more effectually by the House.

.attained, if the High Road leading from the kid Ordered, That the Bil], with the Amendments, be Parish of Forthington, through the Eafi Street, in the ingrossed.

VOL. 35. A L?rd

Nettleham

Inclosure.

Nodon

Inclosure.

89 Martii. . 177

Lra ' Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Jndofure. to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Crick, and

field, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied With; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 8 Acres of Land, who would riot interfere in the Inclosure, and also except the Proprietors of 7 Acres of Land, who could not be spoke with, and allb except the Proprietor of Acres of LaRd, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Land having Right of Corrimon confills of 1,370 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and ihen a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Tiabj Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Duffield w^om Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

Roads.’ of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road " from The White Stoop, near the North End of the "* Town of Derby, through the Towns and

Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to ,the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said " Town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall, 'in the Town of " Wirksworth ,in the said County of Derby," was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Sheffield, and of the Townships of Ecclesal Byerley and Hallatn Nether, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York, whole Names are fub-icribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition arid had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House. '1 'i

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed. ' ' ' ‘

Trent Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Commitfee. tQ and whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Mersey the Navigation from The Trent to The was re-

avigauon. ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after-

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap, was read.

Then another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the last mentioned Act, was also read.

Then another Act, made in the 15 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said Two last mentioned Acts, was allb read. And,

Mr. Robert Williatnfon, a Surveyor, being examined, laid. That inpurfuanee of the said Acts, the Petitioners have proceeded to make a navigable Canal from the River Trent to the Mersey.

That the Branch and Rail Ways described in the Plan annexed to the Petition may easily be made, and will be of great Use to the Country by reducing the Price of Lime very considerably, and in some Places nearly One Half, and will be of public Utility; and that they can be completed for the Sum mentioned in the Estimate annexed to the Petition.

And it appeared to your Committee, That the said proposed Canal and Rail Ways are intended to be 1,558 Chains and 88 Links in Length, and that the Owners of Lands through which they are to be made are contenting thereto, except the Length of 118 Chains Links, who declared their Dissents, and of 238 Chains 27 Links, who declared themlelvea neuter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, to make a navigable Canal, from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to CheJ-

Uton, and a Rail Way from thence to; and

to continue the Canal from thence to or near in the said County, and to make other Rail Ways from the said Canal: And that Sir John Wrottesley, Sir liam Bagot, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. John Morgan presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public, Passages there, and for widening and making commodious feme of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages: And the same was re* ceived; and read, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message: from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Pec hell:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,. Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within, the Parish of Raithby^ near Spi/Jby, in the County of Lincoln-, without Amendment.

And then the Messengeis withdrew.

1

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for < draining, dividing, and inclosing, a certain Trad- of Commonable Land, commonly called King's Sedgnmr, in the County of

Somerset; *-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months*

Resolved,

Brecknock Streets, &c.

Raithby

InclosurcK

King1*

Sedgmoor

Inclosure.

16 Geo. III. ,8° Martii. 64$

Hindon Refolded, That this House will, upon Seven-

Election. night, the 19th Day of Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant March.

Offices A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Employment* themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnity Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted ' to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly 'stamped j and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the said Bill.

Land Tax; Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Makes m > from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ^inie».erS Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty, by & Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five ;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with -the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House nd Mean*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole-House, tp consider further of Wrays arid Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The- House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. "

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 35.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjournment House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will; upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Colonel Barre have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That' there be laid before this House, Account Copies of the Requisitions made by the Commander in .;

Chief of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, on which the Sums have been advanced (which appear in the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Pay-

xnafler General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 9th of March 1775, and the 31st of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament, to have been advanced) to Thomas Harley and Henry Drummond, Esquires, to be by them applied and inverted in the purchasing Spanish and Portugal Coins, for the Use and Service of His Majesty’s Forces in North America, together with an Account of the Expenditure thereof, as fat as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the Fourth Resolution, which, upon the 14th Hindoo Day of February in the last Session of Parliament, was Llcaion. reported from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of James Calthorpe, Esquire, and Richard Beckford, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, and which upon the 23d Day of the same Month was agreed to by the House, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

"Resolved, That Rickard Beckford, Esquire, has, by " his Agent, endeavoured* by Promise of Money, to " procure himself to be elected and returned a Burgess " to serve in this present Parliament for the said

Borough of Hindon."

And the Resolution of the House, of the 8th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, " That the " Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the said " Richard Beckford, Esquire, for the said Offence,’* was also read.

And a Motion was made, and the: Question being put. That the said Order of the 8th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, to the Attorney General, for prosecuting Richard Bedford, Esquire, be dif- \

charged*: = v

It passed in the Negative.

! *«,) 1 ‘ \

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom*

‘ ing next, Ten iof the Clock. /

,i

Gg< gle -

644

11

Martii.

A. 177

Dffby*

thro*

Luna, 11® Martii;

Anno it>* Georgii IIP3 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Pow-^uu vi^ ers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year

*Roadi/ of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, <c An Act for repairing and widening the u Road from The White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield " and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the * Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from " the said Town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall, in the " Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby" Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An u Act for repairing and widening the Road from The 11 White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of " Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, " in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of " Duffield. to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth, €i in the said County of Derby."

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nodon

IncWure*

An ingrafted Bill for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to inclose the Heath Lands and Low Commons or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, in the County of Lincoln, and for vetting the Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tythes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compensation to the Vicar of the said Parish in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to indole the Heath Lands, Field Lands, and Low Commons or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, in the County of Lincoln; and for vetting the Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tythes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compensation to the Vicar of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Lord Brozvnlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Greenwich A Bill for vetting certain Estates, now held in Trust Hospital. for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the iaid Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters iPatent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Hardy, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are. to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

MulhaufenV An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dc Morfier’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing John Alexander de Morfier, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Amothtrby A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable iaclosure. Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the 20

Manor and Township of Amotherby, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Sir Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in the County of Northumberland, whose Names are thereitftto subscribed, was referred That the Committee had examined how far the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, have been complied with, and had dhrested him to report the Evidence thereupon to the House; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Edward Hedley being examined, laid, That he law a Notice of the Intention of applying to Parliament for the Purpose mentioned in the Petition, affixed upon the Door of the Sessions House at Alnwick, in the County of Northumberland, upon the Twelfth Day of, Oticber last, being the Time of the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions: And he produced to your Committee a Copy of the said Notice.

And being further examined, he said, That with an Intention to comply with the Standing Orders of the House, the Promoters of die Bill had also advertised such Notice in the Newcajle Courant, upon the 30th of September, and the 7th and 14th of October last: And he produced the Papers wherein the said Notice was inserted, to your Committee. And he also produced to your Committee, an Estimate of the Expence of making the Road mentioned in the Petition; which is hereunto annexed; and also a List of the Subscribers to the said Road, hereunto also annexed: Whereby it appears that the Expence of making and completing the said Road will amount to the Sum of £.1,800 $ and that the Money subscribed for that Purpose amounts to the Sum of £. 1,420. Then,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Witness being further examined, laid, That be knows the Road deforibed in the Petition; that it is in very bad Condition at all Times, and particularly so in Winter Time, when it is impafiable for Carriages, and dangerous for Horses; and that he thinks the Stature Work liable to be done upon the said Road is not sufficient to keep the same in proper Repair; and that the said Road cannot be amended, altered, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Methods provided by Law. — And the Witness further said, That the present Road crosses the River Reed in many Places, and cannot be effectually made without some Alterations in the Course thereof; and that the making and completing the said Road will be very useful, not only to the Inhabitants on the Borders of England, but also to the Inhabitants on the Borders of Scotland, and of great public Utility.

" Alnwick, i9thF>£. 1776.

" An accurate Survey and Adraeafurement having " been made, by William Stephenfou, of an intended " Turnpike Road from Elf don, in the County of " Northumberland, to Red Swire, or Red Square, and u there terminating upon the Boundary between England c< and Scotland. The said Road to be carried (according to a Plan produced to me) in the following " Directions; viz.

" From Elfdon aforesaid to Overacres, from thence " to Otttrbwm, Rtifha, Siobbs, Rirdhopc-Crag, Burn- I " feat, Catclettgh, White-Lee, and so to the Red Swire,

" or Red Square above mentioned. After the said

of Survey

Elftoi

Road,

Bristol

Port.

Kidderminster

Roads.

16 Geo. III.

xi

Martii.

645

K

Survey and Admeasurement made, I was requested by " Gabriel Hall, Esquire, of MHall, in the County " of Northumberland, to make an Estimate of the Expence of making the said Road; and having viewed, and thoroughly considered the Situation thereof in every Respect, it is my Opinion that the same may be completed for the Sum of £. 1,800.

" Charieton."

" We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being of Opinion that a Turnpike Road from the Elfdon Turnpike Iioad, to join the Turnpike Road intended to be made from the Border of Scotland to the Town of Jedburgh, in North Britain, would be a public Benefit, particularly to the Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of , in the County of Northumberland; we hereby severally promise to pay the several Sums set opposite to our Names, towards obtaining an Act of Parliament for making a Turnpike Road from Elfdon Turnpike Road, to join the Turnpike Road to be made from, the Border of Scotland to the Town of Jedburgh afore — said, and towards making the said Turnpike Roa.<i in the said Parish of Elfdon; and we agree to tak.e Three Pound per Cent, per Annum out of the Tolls, in case the Tolls to be taken will admit of the feme. Witness our Hands the 28th Day of September in the Year of our Lord 1775.

" Gabriel Hall - 100 —

" Her?. Ellison - - - - roo ——

- 100----

CC

cc

CC

CC

4(

1C

U

CC

cc

1(

-cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road between Titton Brook and ,in the said County, and for putting the said Road under the Management of the Trustees for putting the said First* mentioned Act in Execution; and for amending the Road between Titton Brook aforesaid, and the Foot of Bewdley Bridge, in Wribbenhall aforesaid, and from the Mill Street, in Kidderminster, to the Avenue at the East

End of Stourport Bridge, and from the said Avenue to communicate with the Turnpike 'Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, at or near the Village of Stone, and from The Hoo Brook, in the Parish of Kidderminster, to a Place called Broadwaters, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster towards Stourbridge: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Militia resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Scotland^ upon, the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ro.Horsley " Northumberland lVr. Blackett James Douglas " John Ajkew -

"y^f,i^fV0I^"ReeJ’ECq'

" Tho. Akenhead- - -

" Rod Laing Edwd. Fletcher -

«< ffm Q0[Jfarn _

coo ——

IOO----

100----

IOO----

200----

5° -

30----

20 — -

2.0-----

£.-1,426-----

Ordered, Jhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elfdon High CroJ's, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North East Side of the River Reed, through Over acres, , and Cat-

cleugh, to The Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland: And that Sir Thomas Clavering and Sir John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cruger presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the landing large Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays, and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, for landing and storing the lame; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Edward Foley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the Thirty-third of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of an Act

V'ol. 35.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Land Tax; Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by Mistakes in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Seventy-five;" and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a «« Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

" Service of the Year One thousand . Seven hundred " and Seventy-five;’* and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the First-mentiosned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Clipfton and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Clipfton

and

Newbold

Inclosure.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followetH;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Ch^rge-of the Pay and Clothing of the Mi-

86 litia,

Ways and Means.

Brougham

Indoiurt*

Army Extra* (Awetita.

Kntitia.

n° Martii.

r77f.

ttia, in that Part of Great Britain called England., for One Year, beginning the 25 th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seveoty-flx.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Horde.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in the County of was read the

Third Time. ;.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in the County of WeJimcreland.

Ordered, That General Honywood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

s Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

, N° t. Copy of Lieutenant General Gage’s Requifi-tion for £ .21,500. dated the 7th of February 1775: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Lieutenant Gage's Requisition for £. 20,000. dated 17th April 1775: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Lieutenant Gage's Requisition fof £. 10,000. dated the 43d May 1775: And also,

N° 4. Copy of Lieutenant General Gage's Requisition for £.20,000.dated the id June 1775: And

also,

N° 5. Copy of Lieutenant General Gage's Requisition for £. 20,000. dated the 22d of July 1775: And also,

N° 6. Copy of Lieutenant General Gage’s Requisition for £.40,000. dated the 7th Day of August 1775:

And also,

N° 7. Copy of Lieutenant General Gage’s Requisition for £. 100,000. dated 30th September 1775 r And also,

N° 8. Copy of Major General Howe's Requisition for £. 100,000. dated id November 1775: And also,

N° 9. Copy of Major General Howe's Requisition for £. 100,000. dated the ift January 1776: And also,

N° 10. Copy of Quarterly Lift of Warrants, granted between the ift of January and the ift of April 1773: And also,

N° ii. Copy of Quarterly Lift of Warrants, granted between the ill of April and the 30th June 1775: And also,

N° 12. Copy of Quarterly Lift of Warrants, granted between the ift of July and the 30th September 1773: And also,

N° 13. Copy of Quarterly Lift of Warrants, granted between the ift of October and the 31st of 'December

*775’

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was-read. - - .

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Confide ration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider- further of the- Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session. '

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, air Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia, in the (weral Counties of England and Wales, from the Year sw

1766, as far as the feme can be made up; dUtinguUhing each County and each Year.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according tp Redstone Feny

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, to explaining, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, of R«uL the 26th of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ferry, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repealing so much of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of GreWitley, in the said County; and for putting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said First-men-rioned Act; and for altering and diverting the Road from The Hundred House to Redstone Ferry, so as to communicate the feme with the West Avenue of Bridge: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardebigg, Tnrdebigg in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, was read a Church. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

Mr. Foley, &c.: And the}’ are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon be added to the Gentle- Great men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a. 1Bo^en . Bill pursuant to -the Prayer of the Petition of fereral nc 0 ure* Persons, Proprietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Dittos! Order, a Bill lor dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester: And the feme was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for lighting and watching the VRages of Camberwell Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for Nightly establishing a Foot Patrde between Peckham and Black- Watch, te, man Street, in the Borough of Southwark, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Townshend, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,. an Account* Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several *

Public Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* Scotland, for Three Years lad pad, distinguishing each Year,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an pen(joneri Account of the Expence of the Cjvil Establishment, Scotland.* and of the Pensions, in Scotland, for Three Years last pad; distinguishing each Year.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- Indofiire, veral Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Crick, and Soutk-winfield, in the County of Derby, which Bill was, upon Friday last, reported from the Committee, to whom the feme had been committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted

s6 Geo. III. n°; — 647

quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to nd Means, jtfejf into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, between the 9th of March 1775 and the 31st of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com — mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whit worth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworih reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth aHo acquainted the,

that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That tf»is House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Horcham Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Wood, Ac. concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the inctofure. Common, or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Eljlree, otherwise Idlejlree, in the County of Hertford, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may $0 therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti:, 12® Martii\

Anno i6# Georgii III"1 Regis, 1776.

Prayers,

A MESSAGE from the , by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Hulhton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spencer for dividing and inclosing the several Cotnmons and loclofare. Waste Grounds, within the Manor of j

in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford -, without any Amendment: And also,

Odel The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inciofuw, ibr dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields# Voi.,35.

and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odel, in the County of Bedford-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sutton for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,_ SVnctotur^! Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Town*-ship or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michael's, otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LiMdet’* for naturalizing John Liardet; without any Amend- au ment: And also.

The Lords have passed a BiH, intituled, An Act for Arnold’s impowering Richard Hoare, Esquire, the surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary his Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at Hamp-Jlead, in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, and the Houfhokl Goods and Furniture there* unto belonging, vetted in him by the said Will, upon certain TYufts therein expressed; and to invest the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner; to which the Ixrds desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengeis withdrew.

General Lambton reported from the Committee, to Bowes* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ettatel

Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks, and Stfffex, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the feme Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis* faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 31. After " Assigns" insert " and also ." all that Field, Close, or Parcel .* of Ground, in the Parish of " Wickham, in the feme County,

" commonly called Whitefield, and.

" The Banks, with the Woods and " Appurtenances thereunto be-"* longing, containing by Estimation Thirty-three Acres, off " thereabouts, now in the Tenure " or Occupation of John - .

" ley."

The Grid Amendment being read a Second Tkne, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Darner reported from the Committee, to whom Doreheftw the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Street*, of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; u

and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the feme was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the 9th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering,

t - *- ~

vj

648 la 'Marta.

tering, cleansing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough ot , in the County of Dorset; and for repealing lb much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from to the said Borough, was read. And,

Mr. John Templeman, being examined, laid. That it would be more advantageous to have the High Road leading through the East in the Parishes of Saint Peter and All Saints, in the Borough of to

a Place chlled The Bow, in the said Parish of Saint Peter, within the said Borough, repaired by the Trustees under the Bill now pending for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets within the said Borough, and tything of Colliton Row, and that the Repairs would be better performed, if put under the same Trull as the other Parts of the said Borough and Tything of Colliton Row.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tything of Colliton Row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horse Ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tything, from being thatched, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the High Road through the East Street, in the Parishes of Saint Peter and All Saints, in the Borough of Dorchester, to a Place called The in the said Parish of Saint Peter, within the said Borough.

Boreham Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Wood, tec. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, Inclosure. or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Elftpee, otherwise Idleftree, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except. the Proprietors of Estates entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, who are assessed to the i^d Tax at f. 10. 19J. 2 Id.per Annum-, and that the whole Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common are rated to the Land Tax at £.115. 12s. 7id.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-. snto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

InfoWent Mr. Mackworth presented to the House, according

Debtor*. to Order, a Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thursday Morning next.

AOiwoodHsf An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-Jnciefure. doling certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Ash~

wood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwoad Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in tire County of Stafford, was read the

Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bili; viz.

Pr. 50,1. 24*1'so ]cave out Liberty of Hunting,

„ „ I " Hawking, Fishing, Fowling."

And the said Amendment was, upon the ‘ Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and W aite Lands, called Ashwood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of ford, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for Streets> paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting the Streets,

Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening and making commodious fotue of the said Streets,

Lanes, and Passages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Morgan, Mr. Van, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House' Shaftertwy to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Elcflion. upon the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaft on, other-wile Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Militia, cording to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted, to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Four hundred Forty-eight Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Six Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements, to the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Forty-five thousand. One hundred Sixty-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings

16 Geo. III.

i 2°- — 13° Martii.

649

Liardet’s

Patent*

lings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and ether Services, incurred between the Ninth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, and the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Army Extra*; A Motion was made, and the Question being put, America. That jt appears to this House, that the extraordinary Expences (contained in the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, between the 9th of March 1775’ an<^ ^|*e 3!^ of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament) amounting to £. 845,165. 14J. 8 have been incurred, for the greater Part, for Services within the Town of Bojion, in North America;

It passed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Motion was made, and the Question being pvtt. That it appears to this House, that ample Provision has been made, by the Public, for the Accommodation and Comfort of the Troops serving within the Town of Bojion, which made the levying any further Money upon, or begging any from, the Subject, on that Pretence, unnecessary;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Saint John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Ule and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a Time to be limited, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurity 130 die;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP'' Regis, 1776. Prayers.

Worcester OIR Adam Ferguffon, from the Select Committee, Election. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the

Petition of Sir Watkin , Knight, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of acquainted the House, that the Evidence on both Sides before the said Committee was doled; and that feme of the Members of the said Committee being indisposed, the several Parties had given their Consent, that an Application should be made to the House, that the said Com* Voi. 3

mitteemight have Leave to adjourn till Tomorrow Fortnight.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to adjourn till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 28th Day of this. Instant March.

Sir Cecil IVray reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; lint the Committee had examined how far tire Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, had been complied with; and had directed him to report the Evidence thereupon to the House; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petr-tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Wilson informed your Committee, That, with Intention to comply with the Standing Orders of the House, the Promoters of the Bill had advertised Notice of the Intention of applying to Parliament for the Purpose mentioned in the Petition, in the Cumberland Packet, on the nth, 19th, and 26th t)ays of 05iober; and he produced to your Committee the Papers wherein the said Notice was inserted: And your Committee examined and found that, in other Respects, the said Standing Orders have been fully and strictly complied with.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the same Witness, being further examined, said. That the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Stan-wtx, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtoivn, to The Scotch Dyke, towards Edinburgh, and the Road from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over in the same County, towards Port Patrick, are in a ruinous and incommodious Condition, and in some Places too narrow; and that they cannot be widened, nor effectually amended, altered, and kept in Repair, by the common Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to The Scotch Dyke, in the said County, towards Edinburgh; and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over Sark Beek, in the same County, towards Port Patrick: And that Sir Cecil Wray and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Nfefiuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks, and Suffer, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Ellate, deviled by the Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That General Lambtm do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the several Acts for paving, cleaning, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, stftd other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part* adjacent, was referred; That the

8 C Committee

Stanwix

thro’

Longtown

Road.

Bowfs'i

Efhue*

Westminster

Streets*

Geegfe

648 i Martii. 1776.

tering, cleansing, and keeping in "Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough ot Dorchester, in the County of Dorset*, and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool to the said Borough, was read. And,

Mr. John Temple man, being examined, said, That it would be more advantageous to have the High Road leading through the Raft Street, in the Par idles of Saint Peter and All Saints, in the Borough of Dorchester, to a Place called The Bow, in the said Paridi of Saint Peter, within the said Borough, repaired by the Trustees under the Bill now pending for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets within the said Borough, and tything of Colliton Row, and that the Repairs would be better performed, if put under the same Trust as the other Parts of the said Borough and Tything of Colliton Row.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tything of Colliton Row, in the Town of DorcheHer aforesaid; for paving the Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horse Ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tything, from being thatched, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the High Road through the East Street, in the Parishes of Saint Peter and All Saints, in the Borough of Dorchester, to a Place called The Row, in the said Parish of Saint Peter, within the said Borough.

Boreham Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Wood, &c. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, ncofure. or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Elftpee, otherwise Idleftree, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except. the Proprietors of Estates entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, who are assessed to the l^nd Tax at J. 10. 195. 2 \d. per Annum; and that the whole Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common are rated to the Land Tax at £. 115. 12s. jid.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-. nnto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Insolvtnt Mr- Mackworth presented to the House, according Debtort. to Order, a Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Thursduy Morning next.

Atwood Hay An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-inclosure. doling certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Ash~

wood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50,1. 24,|To ]cave ollt Liberty of Hunting,

„ ? " Hawking, Fishing, Fowling."

And the said Amendment was, upon the'Question put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 louse; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of Kingswin-ford, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Li&rds, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for Strccls> Repaying, cleansing, regulating, and lighting the Streets,

Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening and making commodious forne of the said Streets,

Lanes, and Passages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John.

Morgan, Mr. Van, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House' Shaftertwry to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tleftion. upon the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refdlve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac- Militia, cording to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Suppl; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coafider further of the Supply granted, to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Four hundred Forty-eight Pounds and Seven Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Six Regimentsj of Foot from Ireland\ and of several Augmentations to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements, to the Twenty-fourth of December One thouCind Seven hundred and Seventy-six, inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Forty-five thousand , One hundred Sixty-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings

irrfiv Extras; America.

Ditto.

Liardet*s

Patent.

Worcester

Elcttion.

16 Geo. III. 120 — i30 Martii. 649

lings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and ether Services, incurred between the Ninth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, and the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it appears to this House, that the extraordinary Expences (contained in the Account of extraordinary Services incurred, and paid by the Right honourable Richard Rigby, Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Forces, between the 9th of March 1775, and the 31st of January 1776, and not provided for by Parliament) amounting to £.845,165. 14 s. 8^d. have been incurred, for the greater Part, for Services within the Town of Boston, in North America;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that ample Provision has been made, by the Public, for the Accommodation and Comfort of the Troops serving within the Town of Bofion, which made the levying any further Money upon, or begging any from, the Subject, on that Pretence, unnecessary;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Saint John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Ule and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a Time to be limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mefcuri't, 130 die Martii;

Anno 16° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1776.

Pr a yers.

SIR Adam Fergujfon, from the Select. Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester, acquainted the House, that the Evidence on both Sides before the said Committee was doled; and that feme of the Members of the said Committee being indisposed, the several Parties had given their Consent, that an Applied tion should be made to the House, that the said Com-’ VOL. 35.

mittee might have Leave to adjourn till Tomorrow Fortnight. *

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to adjourn till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 28th Day of this.

Instant March.

Sir Cecil IVray reported from the Committee, to whom Stanwi* the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and thro* others, Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined how far the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, had been complied with; and had directed him to report the Evidence thereupon to the House; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petr-tition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Wilson informed your Committee, That, with Intention to comply with the Standing Orders of the House, the Promoters of the Bill had advertised Notice of the Intention of applying to Parliament for the Purpose mentioned in the Petition, in the Cumberland Packet, on the 12th, 19th, and 26th Days of October \ and he produced to your Committee the Papers wherein the said Notice was inserted: And your Committee examined and found that, in other Respects, the said Standing Orders have been fully and strictly complied with.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the same Witness, being further examined, said, That the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Stan-wix, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to The Scotch Dyke, towards Edinburgh, and the Road from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over Sark Beek, in the same County, towards Port Patrick, are in a ruinous and incommodious Condition, and in feme Places too narrow; and that they cannot be widened, nor effectually amended, altered, and kept in Repair, by the common Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to The Scotch Dyke, in the said.

County, towards Edinburgh; and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over Sark Beek, in the same County, towards Port Patrick: And that Sir Cecil IVray and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bowes'i for veiling certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- Estate. ments, in the several Counties of Durham, AFddlesex,

Berks, and Sussex, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased), in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That General Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordllrips.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Westminftw to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for carrying Streets, into Execution the several Acts for paving, clean ling, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes', and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the 8 C Committee

e

Kanningtor,

Ac.

Inclosure.

6 50 15* Mar lit. 1776.

Committee, had examined the Matter of the (kid Petition; and had directed him to report the (kme, as it appeared to them, to the Hotde; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Luke Idefon, being examined, said, That it is necessary

(ome further Regulations should be made with regard to the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants with Water, and that Provision should be made for preventing sweeping or raking any Dirt or Mud into the Sewers, or within a limited Distance of the Grates; that Persons not belonging to or employed by the contracting Scavengers frequently obtain by Fraud the Allies from Houses and other Premises, to the Prejudice of such Scavengers; that lbme Explanation is necessary with respect to the placing of Signs; that the placing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, Carriages, Calks, Packages, Timber, Wheels, Materials for Building, and other Things, in the Streets, to the Annoyance thereof, ought to be prevented; that the keeping open Holes or Funnels, for the Purpose of letting down Coals or other Things, and the Manner in which- Brewers Servants draw up Vessels out of Cellars or Vaults, want regulating; that it is necessary the Foot-Croffings should be ascertained, and Provision made to prevent their being (lopped by Carriages or otherwise; that the digging Holes to make Vaults, and leaving them, as well as Areas, open, without Fencing, or placing any Lights thereto, is very dangerous, and ought to be prevented; that the driving Cattle, Carriages, Calks, and other Things, on the Foot Pavements is a very great Annoyance, as is a!so the Standing of Horses at Farriers Shops, and the Throwing of Bricks, Tiles, and other Things from the Tops of Houses; that it would be of great public Convenience, if the Power given, to the Commissioners tp regulate the Streets paved by them waff extended to Streets not new paved; that the erecting Bulks and Stalls, and linking Duiigholes and Sawptts, within the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, are great <Nui{knees, as is the Custom of throwing at Oranges, or other Things, and at Cocks; Pigeons, and other1 Fowls, and the making of Bonfites and letting off Gunpowder in the Streets; that Notices ought to be lent to the Commissioners of Sewers, when any Con-) tracts are made for new-paving, that the Sewers may be previously emptied of repaired; that it would be convenient tp have the Houses and Lamps numbered; that it is necessary to adopt some Method for the better discharging the Money borrowed by Mortgage by virtue of the said Acts; that Powers are waiting to pudish Persons forging or counterfeiting Alignments or Certificates; and for the 1 better and more easy collecting the Rates; and that , an Appeal (hpuld be allowed against the Rates.,

Samgfon Wright, Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence. v .;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill; for remedying some Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting,’ and regulating, the Squares, Streets; Lanes, and Other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminsterand Parts adjacent r Anti that Sir C/mrles Whnzvprth, Sir Sir Archibald Edmonftonf, and Mr< do prepare;

and bring in, the lame, t. 1,' /. r . - d

..... I.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil li ra# he.ftddqd to the Gentle-, men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursu»nt to the- Prayer of tfic Petition of the, Honourable Thomas Howard, Lord the A,laju>ts 'pr JIvmittgteH,-Stonegrave, and ff'eji Nefs, in the NorthjRiding of the County of York, and Sir Bellingham Graham ± Baronet |hi$i Lessee, and of the several other Persons wliplej Thames first therciinto subscribed, being Owpiere and proprietors of 21

Lands and Grounds in the several 0|>en and Commort Fields, within the Parishes of and Stonegrave,

and of certain ancient Incloled Lands, within the Manor of Wesi Hess, Part of the Parish of Stonegrave alorelkid, in

Behalf ot themselves and others. Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That 1 -eare be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Bidler, the Lord Lijburne, Palltfer, and the Lord Palmer/}on do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen and Marines employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the id of January 1775, to the 29th of February 1776, both inclusive, upon Medium of each Month; distinguishing the Seamen from the Marines, and what Number of each were borne, and what muttered, in the Service.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of A/hover, Crish, and in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; vtx.

Pr. 6. 1. 36. After " intereded, " to insert " or " claiming to be intereded."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tire House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Erich, and Southzvinfteld, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cav do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An irarefied Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Elftree, otherwise in the County of Hertford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that tire Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of Elftree otherwise in the County of

Hertford.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill Tor defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day ok March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the BHl'be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A hfcflage from the Lords, by Mr. Ernes and Mr Montagu s ' 1 v

Mr. Speaker’,

The Lorik have agreed toJthe Bill, intituled, An Adfc to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, jintituled, "An Act to amend and render *6 imorc efledhial,‘in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, "..an Act, ptlfled -in the present Session of‘Parliament, "{intituled, Aii-Act for puniftring Mutiny and Defer-

tion,

Mariner*

and

Seamen.

Ditto: Account of.

Lea

Inclosure.

Boreham Wood, Ac) Inclosure.

Militia!

Mutiny

and

Desertion;

America*

16 Geo. 111. i30 — ’651

" tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and " their Quarters; and for extending the Provisions of " the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in " America," without any Amendment: And also, ?M?H?rge\ The LorcJs ,iav>p agr to the BilJ, intituled, An Poor and Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employ-Street*. ing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint in the County of Middlesex;and for cleaoting and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other Open Passages and Places; and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of Jthe Tower of London; without any Amendment: And also,

Drurv Lane The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An n 5 Act for the better securing a Fund belonging to certain ^Fund.0" Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury , applicable to charitable Ufrs, and for other Purposrs therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Baftide’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nat- Act for naturalizing Lewis Vialetes j without any

Amendment: And also,

Hoffman'* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat- for naturalizing John , without any Amend-

ment: And also,

Wiliams'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Divorce, dilToive the Marriage of Thomas Williams, with Ann Lantware, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Nunninjrton, Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to &c- Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and incJoling the Inclosure. Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pafutures, within the several Town ships of Stonerrave, West-ness, and Nunnington, in the North Riding or the County of loth: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

-Hinkfry Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. j;he Bill for dividing, allotting, and ificloling the Com*

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North,

otherwifr Ferry Hinksey, -in the County of Berks^ was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 0.5th of April 1774, relative to Billi of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had. examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill,- to - the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the-Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That toe Bill, with the- Amendments, be.

ingrossed.

Williams's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act Act Divorce, to diflblvo the Marriage of Williams, with Ann

Lantware, his now Wife; and enable him to marry again; and for other Pur,.oses therein mentioned^ was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be;read a- Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House Will, upon this Day Se* vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider of the" Perition of the Merchants anil YOL. 55. - ’ - ....

Exporting

Provisior.£»

Traders of the Town and County of Boole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessariei, for the Use of the- British Fishery carried on at -

land, and the Places adjacent), and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole " House, to consider. further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 140 die

Anno 16° Georgii III1" Kegis, 1776.

Prayers.

MR. Daniel Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Stambum* ing to Order, a Bill For dividing, inclosing, and Inclosure. improving, the Waite and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stainburne, in the Parish of Kirkby bhw, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. 1

Mr. Pulling presented to the House, according to Weymouth

Order, a Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and Streets, other Places, within the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Me, IcombeRegis, in the County of Dorset, and for removing all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; dnd for paving certain Streets, fcoot--paths, and other Places, and for regulating the Hackney Chairmen, within the said Borough aAd Town:

And the feme was received; and read the Fir&'TSme. '

Resolved, That the Bill be' read a Second Time.

j

Sir John E-den presented to the Ifoufe, according tb Woobr Order, a BtH for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Inclosure. Moor, called Wooler Common, in the Parish of in

the County of Northumberland: And the same vyas received; and, read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Pewit reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bffl front the Lords, intituled, An Act to subject and charge the Prebend of Mafston Saint Lawrence, in the' County of Northampton, and the Lands, Tenements, arid Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, to and- with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent-Charges to Doctor Everard and

his Successors in the said Prebend; and for diverting the Fee-Simple and -Inheritancp thereof out of him and his Sutcessors, find foy yefting the feme, lb charged, so fjfohn Blencowe, Flquire, his Heirs and Assigng, was committed'; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of foe $11, and found the feme to be true: and that the parties concerned had given their Confrnt tb the' Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill tb the Hppfe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And -the said BUI was redd the Third Time. frf°Rjd>That t^e pill dp pals.

Marston St. Lawrcnc# Prebend.

Harwood

Iodolure.

Clithero,

See.

Road.

Ktdftofte Ferry to

T cnbury Hoad.

14* Martii. A. 1776.

Ordered, That Mr. Poxvys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Lifter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds within the Vill, Hamlet, or Township, of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn and County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Lands assessed to the Poors Rate at £. 1. i 6j. 6 d.per Annum; and that the Whole of the Estates belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed are aftefted to the Poor’s Rate at £.8. i8r. 6 d.per A); and that the Committee liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lifter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Crofts, in the Township of Clitkero, to ford Bridge, in the Town of , in the County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question leveratly put there- upon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That. the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Stock-ton, in the County of WorceJ, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners: observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Redstone , in the County of Worcester, to The Hundred HauJe, and certain other Roads therein mentioned; and that a certain Lane, called Stockton Lane, branching out of the Road leading from the said Hundred House to the Town of Tenbury, at or near a Place called Stamford Bridge, in the said County, to communicate with the Road leading from the said Hundred House to Monks Bridge, at or near the Blacksmith’s Shop at Stockton, in the said County, is in many Places very ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, intT to make the same a Turnpike Road, would be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to include the said Lane, called Stockton Lane,.in the said Bill, and that the feme may be added

to, and made Part of, the said Turnpike Road, in such Manner as to the House shall icem meet.

Chdeied, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Arid that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ed Foley, Mr. Lifter, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, called The Great Ox Leafow and The Little Ox Leafoiu, situate at Nether ton, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called The Black Delph, upon Penjnet Chace, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with a collateral Cut or Canal (Part of the proposed Stourbridge Canal Navigation) intended to be made from The , in the said Parish of Kingswinford, to The Black Delph aforesaid, is committed.

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other1 Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cecil reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A<Ss, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Read from IVansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the down and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge to Scot gate, in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market Crols in Bourn, was committed; and to whom the lVtition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, of the down and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had v gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment* thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Eger ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof,

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hi? Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tat ble: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Dudley

Canal

Ickleford

Inclosure.

tVan'ford

Bridge,

*c.

Road*.

Salford

Clarity.

Softon upon Dmrcnt Inclosure.

Taylor’s

Patent,

Clewer

Inclosure.

1-eicester, &c. Roads,

16 Geo. III. 140 Mart'ti. 653

out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Cecil Wray prefonted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Tow nth ip of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Hiding of the County of York: And the feme was received; and- read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to Elizabeth 'Taylor, of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the (ole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to t»e true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to tho-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Land, in the Manor and Farish of Clewer, in the County of Berks, already inclosed, and for veiling the same in his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Heirs and Assigns upon the Condi-

tions therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee, had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Skipwithpresented to the House, according

to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Leicester to and from

" Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through " Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to " ford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon " Avon, and from Coventry to Mcn tytis Gutter, lead-ft ing towards Sloneleigh Town; and for supplying an' Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashbyde-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester;" so far as the feme relates to the Road from Coventry through Kent/-Worth to Warwick, and from the said City of Coventry Vol. 35. aa

to Marty ns Gutter: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whilivorlh reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Insolvent Reading of the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, be Dtb:ors* now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The feid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the 18th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill-

A Petition of the Rector, Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Halifax, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Kighley, in &c. the West Riding of the County of York, was pre-lented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That na Dtbtt' the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for the Recovery of small Debts under 40;. in the several Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bing/ey,

Calverley, Tong, Birfial, Butley, rum

Clifton, and Mirfield, in the West Riding of the (kid County; and that the Petitioners are sensible of the great Utility and Advantage that will accrue to the Trade in general, and the said several Parishes in Particular, from such a Bill {jading into a Law: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be admitted Parties to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, and Traders within, the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Bingley, Guijley, Calverley, Batley, Birfial,

Hartfkead cum ' Clifton, and the Lordship of in

the West Riding of the County of York, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Militia,-House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Scotland. House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of- Great Britain called Scotland;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for directing mid enabling the Commissioners to be narhed under the fetid Bill to raise and levy, on their respective Counties

SD or

Huddersfield, ice. (Yorkshire) Small Debts.

LtJi'rdec’s

F-itent.

654 140 — 15

or Places, such Sums as shall ’ be sufficient to defray the Expences of the Militia to be raised within the same, such Eels or Levy to be made in the same Manner, and in the same Proportion, as the Land Tax has usually been levied in such County or Place;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

t „ c . , C Mr. Thomas 1

Tellers for the \ caj, \M, GrmvUlt. \ 54-

TcUers forth. Noes. } 67.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr_ Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

5 Martii. . 1776;

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a limited Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15 ° die Martii;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

JDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Riling Adjournment. of the House, this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make d Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others the Inhabitants of the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is prefen ted, in the Names of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others the Inhabitants of the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bindley, Calverley, Tong, Birfia Bailey, Guijley, Hart-Jhead cum Clifton, and Mirfield, in the West Biding of the County of York; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country daily sustain very great Losses and Inconveniences in the Recovery of Small Debts under Forty Shillings, from the extraordinary Expence and great Uncertainty attending the Proceedings in the inferior Courts: And therefore the Petitioners pray, That in case the House shall c think fit to graht the Prayer of the said Petition, that the Parish of Huddersfield may be made Part of such Bill as may be ordered to be prepared by the House, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of, and TradesS within, the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bing/ey, Guifiey, Calverley, Bailey, Birfial, Mirfield, Hartshead cum Clifton, and the Lord Ih ip of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, anti report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Lie and Property of a -certain- Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in tire Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Billdo.pass: And that\:he Title be, An A for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committee*, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The Lord Hinchingbrook prefen ted to the House, ac- Glatton cording to Order, a Bill for draining, embanking, and jj^fne preserving, certain Fen lands and Low Grounds, Drainige. called The Parts, Farms, Alderlots, and Beaches, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir /i ViliamBagot presented to the House, accord- Trent

ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Pro- and Mersey prietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mer- Navigation. fey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harccaflle, in the County of Stafford, to Chedleton, and a Rail-Way from thence to Sharpcliffe, and to continue the Canal from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County, and to make other Rail-Ways from the said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Wansford of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty- Bodge, ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge

o , # o

to Scotgate, in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposod. , to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 20. After " and" to insert " the said Gate " called"

1. 21. To leave out ‘‘ aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill to pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford Bridge, in thtt County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford

ta

Elfdon.

& c Road.

id Geo. III.

to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge tP a Gate called Scot gate, in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn.

Ordered, That Mr. Cecil do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

j

..Sir Thorny Clavering presented to the House, according to Order, a i Bill for repairing, widening, and altering-/-the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North East Side of the River Reed, through Overacres, Elijhaw, and Catcleugh, to The Red Swyre, upon

655

the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde have Leave to go to Bath for Three Weeks, for the Recovery of His Health.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order*

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December 1775.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read*

The said Estimate is as followeth i viz.

150 Martii.

Vot.,3/

Leave of Absence.

Navy Debt.

Navy

ij* Martii.

A. 1776

656

Navy Office, An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 6th March, 1776. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1775.

Heads of the Naval Estimates*

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, extra Repairs, and Tnmfjxtfts.

Due to pay off'and difehafge all the Bill* registered on the Course of the Nfiy, for Stores, Freight or Transports, (Ac. fop-plied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Conrfe for Premium allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, (Ac. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1775, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due to pay the Men, (Ac. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To pay Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1775 To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, Free Gilts, (Ac. -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate, received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1775 For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ....

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Contingencies relating to the said Office -The Total amounts to the Sum of Three Million One hundred Sixty-three thousand Six hundred Eighty-one Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence Halfpenny From whence deducing the Money Y

in the Treasurer’s Hands - - Cason the other

And also the Money that remained to f Side.

come in of the Supplies - -

The Debt will then be Two Million Six hundred Ninety-eight thousand Five hundred Seventy-nine Pounds and Three Farthings -

1

-V. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports between the the ill January 1775 and 31st December following And it appears by an. Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Viduals supplied the Soldiers between ift January 1775 and the 31st December following, amounts to ——

For which Sum of £. 244,961. 135. S$d. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be Two million Four hundred Fifty-three thousand Six hundred Seventeen Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence -

M.Suckling. J. Willia T. Brett. Palmer.

Particulars.

s. d.

1,381,701 19 5

89,818 15 7

»5X»°39 4 6

77.907 *5 I

72»i48 i 8 J

119,907 IX 7i")

352,604 16 2 »

58,842 10 6 J

17,650 14 6 1

795.439 5 4

18,557 11 7

3,280 15

9,445 19 4 J

147,274 14 317,827 7 — £ j

148,670 8 \ 3 ►

96,291 5 51J

TOTAL.

G772s6i5 16 3

S31 >354 18 3

844»374 5 11

i5»336 1 2

3,163,681 1

465,102 1 6|

2,698,579----- g

244,961 13 8J

2»453>6*7 6 4

Memorandum:

r

09

1A

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1775, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

OY

O

w

c

►*4

ON THE HEADS O F

In what Treasurer’s Hand?. IN MONEY. r Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transpor;s. Seamens Wages. VI finals. TOTAL.

R* honble George Grenville, Esquire fin Money - - - - jD° towards, the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen £- t. IMS 2 7h ' £ 2,247 s. d. 3 1 19 10I £ s- li-z-379 19 11 j £. s. d. 12,404 5 6

R' hon*1' tV"Lord Vifc1 Barrington fin Money \ D° towards ths Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 7>°5I J9 5i i 72 0 35 3 ip 104 1,640 7 7il ..... 5 ----- 12,448 I 10J

R* hohb" R* Lord Vifc' Howe f In Money - - X D° towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 15,623 9 6£ - 7 *4,533 *9 12 2$ 12 6£ 2,739 12 4l - - - -,) ----- 32,916 6 8

R* hon"' Sir Elliot, Bar' C In Money ----- X D° towards the Debt for Skk and Hurt Seamen 20,812 I4 9^ 6l, I IO i ,666 14 9f 5 9k 5>916 5 ----- 89,506 — c|

: £ 5M33 6 4$ 83,465 3 >5 12,676 5 o-J J ! 147,274 14 62

There remained on the 31st December 1775, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1775 - - - 317,827 7 oj

ro

Os

Ol

-a

Taylor’s

Patent.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Hinksey

Inclosure.

Corent Garden Theatre; Decayed After* Fund,

658 15* Martii. A. 1716*

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ah ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to Elizabeth Taylor, of the Town of South, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by His present Majesty, to Elizabeth Taylor, of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Roller presented to the House, according to Or* der, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon fVednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing* allotting, and in* doling, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey, otherwise Ferry , in the County of

Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey, otherwise Ferry Hi, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Elwes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Frankland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons belonging to the Theatre Royal, Covent , whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Company, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Joseph Booth, being examined, informed your Committee, That in the Year 1765 a Contribution was set on foot for the Purpose of establishing a Fund for the Support of such Performers belonging to the said Company, as by Age, Infirmity, or Accident, should want Assistance, or be under a Necessity of retiring from the Stage, and for the Relief and Support of Widows and Children of deceased Performers, by which Contribution, and other Means, the said Fund has increased to the Sum of £. 4,300, which is placed in the Public Funds in the Names of Trustees, and a considerable Number of proper Objects of Charity have, from time to time, been supported and relieved out of the feme j that the present annual Outgoings are £. 200, and upwards that the Committee for managing the said Fund, to whom he acts as Se* cretary, and the other Persons interested therein, are desirous that Provision should be made for the effectual Security, proper Management, and due Application, of the said Fund, and the Income thereof which, as

it has improved every Year since its Institution, they have reason to hope will be greatly increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for feeding a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, applicable to charitable Uses j and for other Purposes: And that Mr. Frankland and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arnold'* for empowering Richard Hoare, El'quire, the l'urviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary , his Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns* to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at Hampstead, in the County of Middlef, with the Appurtenances, and the Houshold Goods and Furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said Will, upon certain Trulls therein expressed j and to invell the Money to arise by such Sale in, the Pitrchafe of Lands or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner, was read the First Time.

Resolved,-That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ah ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act De Morfier'i for naturalizing John Alexander De , was read a N*t.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Garth, Mr. Townshend, &c. j And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act SlnlbanfeD’i for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garth,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. , (from Richmond the Commissioners of Richmond Bridge) attended at the Bridge. Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Richmond Bridge Calli Account."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other „ Papers of this Session.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, ex- Kt&amtftnj plaining, and enlarging, the Powers, of an Act of *« the 26th of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Redfone Ferry, °* in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned j and for repealing so much of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great Witley, in the said County, and for putting the feme under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first-mentioned Act; and for altering and diverting the Road from the Hundred House to Redstone Ferry, so as to communicate the same with the West Avenue of Stourport Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Foley, Mr, Lygon, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Office*

resolve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, «nd

upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Erar

to

Ways fend Means.

Militia;

Scotland,

Clithero,

&c.

Road.

16 Geo. III. 150 — i

to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments j and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stumped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as, have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, refblve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and 'Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved \That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Mackworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon fVedntfday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 18° die j

Anno 16* Georgii III01 Regis, 1776. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill fof repairing and widening the Road from the Market Cross, in the Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third

Time.

Vol. 35.

8° Martii 659

Resolved, That the Bilk do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Crop, in the Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Lifter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Conciirrencej

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and iriclbfing the ^*r(ood Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Vill, Ham- "*’ let, or Township, of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and County of Lancaster, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Vill, Hamlet, or Township. of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and

County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Liftef do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Ordered, That Mr. Boone and Mr. Dunning be added Chudleigh to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare; and bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, Ashburton. made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Road< for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of to

Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, and for altering and amending the Cud Ad; and also for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act; made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton and from thence to Forche's, otherwise Forger's, Crop, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of Devon; and for empowering the Trustees for putting the last mentioned Act in Execution, to repair the Road from

Forche's, otherwise Forger's, Crop aforesaid, through the Parishes of Ttngraze and lifting ton, to the Town of South Bovey, in the said County.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the StaMburee Waste and Common Grounds, in the Township of Inc*°^nre" S/ainburne, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel

Lascelles, Mr. Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Woofer Moor, called tVooler Common, in the Earish of fVooler, Inctafure. in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eden, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Ldcester, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his late *c-

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Ad Ro"for repairing and widening the Road from Ldcester to Narborough, and from Ldcester to and

" from thence through Kenilworth to , and

" from thence to Halford Bridge, and from u to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for

" supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last " Semon of Parliament, for repairing the Road from " Leicester to Ashby-dt-la-Zouch, in the County of tc Leicesterfo far as the same relates to the Road from Coventry throiujh Kenilworth, to tVarwick, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Stanwix

thro*

Longtown

Road.

Nunnington St c. Inoiofure.

Sutton upon Derwent Inclosure.

Mulhaufen’s

Nat.

9c Morfier’s Nat

Westminflcf

Streets

Chatham

Street!.

660 18 ° Martii.A. 177

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Foley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the ,present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through Longtow to The Scotch Dyke, in the said County, towards Edinburgh, and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over Sark Reek, in the same County, towards Port Patrick: And the same wss receivedand read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within the several Townlliips of Stone and Nun-nington, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Wray, Sir George Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Alexander De Morjier, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charier Whitworth presented to the tdoufe, according to Order, a Bill for remedying some Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the 9quares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charier Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of , in the

- - . 2.0

County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the" Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powyr presented to the House, according to Yelvmost Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and lncl‘>fu,e* Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Yelvertoft, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Boone presented to the House, according to C'ndlcgh Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made Ifcidge in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County; and for altering ancj amending the said Act; and also for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Traveller'rReji, in the Parish of Ashburton-, to Newton

Bushell, and from thence to Forche'sotherwise Forger's, Crop, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of . .-Devon-, and for empowering the Trustees for putting the last mentioned Act in Execution, to repair the Road from Forche's, otherwise Forger's, Crop aforesaid, through the Parishes of Tingraze and 1Ifingtonto the Town of

South Bovey, in the said County: And the same was received *, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Clipfion mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, }^\.oal and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and i,^iotare. Liberties of Clipston and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Townshend, See.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to femove the Danger of Fire among ft the Bristol Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the Landing f«t*

large Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch,

Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of ter, for landing and storing the fame; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burke,

Mr. Combe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Brownlow Bertie presented to the House, ac- Wetbr cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Jaclotuir^ several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath,

Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Notice being taken. That His Majesty’* Interest is Ston^are*

concerned ioci0fuit.

AHcerton

Inclosure.

C fewer Inclosure.

BrifToI

Port.

16 Geo. III.

i8& Mar~td£.

66 t

concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-

ing, the Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within the several Town ships of Stone grave, Wesiness, and Nunnington, in the North Riding of

the County of York, which Bill was this Day read a Second Time, and committed;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ao quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent,

Boats and other Vessels carrying Qoods for Hire, wititnn the Caid F*ort of Bristol; and for other Purposes thwcut

mentioned, is committed. ' 1

A-tr. Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom Hartwell the JBdli for dividing and rnclosing the Open and Com- _at»d Tnon fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartweil anrl Stcx*iem in the County of Bucks, was committed j That the CDorrunittee had. examined and found thst tfct

Stone

Inclosure;

as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the '{Standing Orders of the House, of the 15th of

House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Lord IVenman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Pariflr and Liberties of Alker-ton, in the County of Oxford, was committed That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April \7 74, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

1774. relative to Bills of Inclosure, "had been comi plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to bt true i and that the Parties concerned had given" theit Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons^ whose (Property in tti* said Fields is of the Annual Value of£. 10$. % $. 1 dr who declared themselves neuter; and that the Whole of the Property contained in the said Fields' amounts to the Annual Value of £. 1,138. is. 7 d.; and that no Perfoxx appeared before the Committee to oppoCe the Bill) 5 and that the Committee had gone throvrgh the Bill, and made* several Amendments thereunto;

which they Had directed him to report to the House; (except One Perl'on, po fie fled of Haftf a Yard Land, ®nd he read, the Report in his Place; and afterward* who refused to sign the Bill, but laid he would not delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tJie meddle or make; and that the whole Property contain- Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once ed in the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed tead throughout; and then a Second Time, One 'by consists of 38 Yard Lands and 7 odd Lands; and that One; and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the were agreed to by the House.

Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, _ Order cd9 That the Bill,-with the Amendments, be ‘ ingrossed.

and made several Amendments thereunto^ which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrofied.

-A- Petition of the principal Land-owners, Land- Brecknock holders, send Inhabitants*, of the Town of Brecknock, Streets, &c. in the County of Brecknock, was jprefenied to the House, a.rad read .; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending, for fvrp-plying the said Town with YV uter, and for the Letter paving, cleaning, widening, and lighting, tire Streets and other public BafTages, and for preventing Nuisances, Obstruction®, and incroachmenta A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill lor therein j and for other Purposes; and that, if the said. extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Common Bill tHouild pass into a Law, as it ,is now drawn, it will upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste be Highly injurious to many of the Petitioners, particvi-Land, in the Manor and Parish of Clcucer, in the Court- larly to such as are possessed of Lands lying out of the ty of Berks, already inclosed, and for veiling the same in laid Town, but within the "Liberties thereof: And his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, His Heirs and therefore praying. That the Petitioners -may be heard, Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned, be now by tHemselves or their Counsel, against. such Parts of Tead the Third Time; the said Bill as may affedfc their -Property, or that they

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, ac- may Have such other Relief irx the Premises as to th^ quainted the House, that His Majesty, having been JEToofo shall feepn meet.

informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con- Ordered, That the said Pet Irion be referred to the font, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that Conti deration of the Committee, to whom the Bill fc*r the House may do therein as they shall think fit. ftip>p>lyi|^g the Borough and Town of Breekmck, and L

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time. Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, clcariL^ —

Retched, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ing, regulating, and lighting -the Streets, Lanes, ana

..... pia.L>lxc Passages there, and for widening, and makiiag.

commodious, Lome of the said Streets, Lanes, and Taflages, is committed; and that the Petitioners he hear«L» by tHemselves or Counsel, before the said Committing». upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction ito the said Com — mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Tetition.

That all have Voices, who come to .1

CJox-nmittee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

j — --------- x- —

be, An Act for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish of Cleiver, in the County of Berks; and for veiling the same in his Royal Highness the Duke of his

Heirs and Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. E/wes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, Th?.t all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the Landing large Quantities of 'l imber. Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, for landing and storing the same; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Vo I.. 5

u\. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto lubscribed, Trullees for the Care of the /fS'orrefter Turnpike, and other Inhabitants of the City and County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read$ taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term-, to alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act

/ h*rty-third of his late Majesty, for amending,

F widening.

Kidderminitr

Road.

cf

662 18° Martii. j 7 7 6,

widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The. Market-House in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty,

. . ns relates to the Road between Tilton Brook and

1" benhall, in the1 said County; and for putting the said Road under the Management of the Trustees for putting the said :first»tnentibned Act in Execution; and for friending the ;Road between Tilton Brook aforesaid, and the Foot of Bexvdley Bridge, in Wribbenhad aforesaid* apd. from: The Mill Street, in to the Avenue

fct the EastxEnd. of Stour port Bridge, and from the said Avenue to communicate with the Turnpike Road leadi ing from; Kidderminster to at or near the; ViU

l|g Stone)and from The- Hoo Brook, in the Parish of -Kiddermilder, to a Place called to join

Jfchc Turnpike. Road leading from Kidderminster towards Stourbridge-, and setting forth. That the Road leading from a. Farm House called Goodness, in the Parish of fiflrjtcbury, is the said County of Wto a Place called. Tfe Mitre Oakt, in the said Parish of being Two Miles and a Half in Lengthy or thereabouts; js included in, arid directed to be repaired by, an Act made, in tire Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, which Act has been continued by an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, and is now in Force; and that fhc Trustees of the said Road have not been able effectually to amend the said last mentioned Road, for want; of a sufficient Fund for that Purposei but the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Road was included; in the Bill now depending, and Part of the Tolls, proposed to be collected between Kidderminster and Goodness aforesaid, applied towards repairing the fame, the said Road might be properly amended - and kept-in Repair, which would be a great Convenience to Travellers, and of public Utility: And there; fore praying. That such Provision may be made in the Laid Bill,' for repairing the said Road, as the House shall think fit; and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Townshend, See. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power -to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Me of Wight :«5ir Richard Worfiey reported from the Committee, *>oor* to whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Ifie of Wight, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Ifie of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor, belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island, was read; And,

Mr. Richard Clarke, Secretary to the Corporation, being examined, said, That the Guardians have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Bland; but that, by reason of the Insufficiency of the Sum of Money they are authorized to borrow for the Purposes of the said Act, and on account of some Defects therein, with respect to the Regulations authorized thereby, they cannot completely execute the Trusts reposed in them, without the further Aid of Parliament.

And the Witness produced to your Committee, the Treasurer’s Account of Receipts and Disbursements; whereby it appeared, that the whole Money authorized to be borrowed, has been raised; and that there is now in his Hands a Balance of £. 378.

And he also produced to your Committee, their Carpenters and Bricklayers Accounts, as settled by the Corporation; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £. 1,590. 6s. 7 %d.is now due to them on Balance for Work done in the Execution of the said Act.

And the Witness further said, That many Gentlemen in the Bland have given their own personal Security for the borrowing of more Money, in order that the Object of the said Act might not be flopped: And he thinks, that if the said Act was to be repealed, and the Whole of the Powers included in a new Act, it would be more convenient to the Inhabitants of the said Bland.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Ifie of Wight, and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the fame; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Ileign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing a House " or Houses of Industry in the Ifie of Wight, for the " Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of the " Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places " within the said Bland And that Sir Worfiey,

Mr. Sloane, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir. Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Militia, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Williams* to difiolve the Marriage of Thomas Williams with Ann Divorce. Lantware, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for olher Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March, re-fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Account of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, Bill*, which were made out on or before the 29th of February 1776, and which yet remain unpaid; distinguishing the Sums made out in each Month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Navy Debt.

Account

-by-5

\V ays and Means.

Supply.

C«rc, ct>t Garden feccayct! Atto. s

Fond.

Shrifr-ffhu ry FUviion.

Fife

Election.

16 Geo. JII. i 8°- — i;90 jtytzt'tii*

Account how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1774 and the 31st of December 1775, hits arisen; distinguishing the several Heads of Expence. (

Ordered, That the Order tif the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee erf" the whole House, to confrJer further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Frankland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for securing a.Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Koval, Garden, applica-

ble to charitable Uses 1 and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftlived. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read; '

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons, therdin mentioned, from voting at Elections of Membeis to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery aflJ Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the’ Borough of Sheflat, otherwise Shaftejbu in' the County of

Dorset.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gecrrc Venables Vernon took the Chair of the

o

Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was dire deed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon TJiurfday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Mart it;

Anno :6° Georgii IIIt:i Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

THE Hour, appointed for taking into Confederation the Petition of John Henderson, Esquire, complaining of the undue Election and Return of

James Toyitjhend Oswald, El quire, for the County of Fife, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Selc<ft Committee, to try and determine the of the said

Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was d by Mr. , to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Buie-

ness of the i louse.

Vol. 3S'

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; *

' The House was. counted by Mr* Speaker, and 11a

Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides Were called in to the f3ary -: -:

And the Door of the Hpufe being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr.. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition iftto Considera4 tion. ....

And the same being read accordingly;

The Narnes of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which hid been before :prepared) and put into Six Glafies, and were then drawn by; the Clerk, in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

.And the Names of Eight Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And. the Name of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select. Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set Aside.

And the Names of Forty-one. other Membeis, then present, were drawn, who were, not objected to.

Nosey That in the Course of drawing the said ' NTam.es, the Namfes of Ten other Members then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from, the House; Four on1 account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; Two on account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified on Oath; and Four on account of their then serving on a Select Committee.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so-draw n as aforesaid, and not excused or let aside, being complete; the Counsel for the Sitting Member nominated Thomas Dundas, of Cafllecary, Esquire, to serve on the said Selecft Committee; and bills of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered, by the Clerk, to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A. Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Trent Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey to make a and Mersey Navigable Canal, from the said Navigation, on the Navigation. South Side of BarecaJUe, in the County of , to

Che diet on, and a Rail-Way from thence to Sharpcliffe, and to continue the Canal from thence to or near don, in the said County, and to make other Rail-Ways, from the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ragot, Mr. Skipwith, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakerir's Chamber.

A Petition of John Bagnall, Benjamin Tardley, and DItt*. PT^il/iam Adams, Owners and Proprietors of the fevcsral capital Water Corn Mills of Chedleton, Milton, and

tialt, in the County of Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being resident in or near t:he several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of JYIi/ton, and Buchu.ll aforesaid, in Behalf of themselv'cs, and the other Inhabitants thereof, was presented to -the JPIoufe, and read; Setting forth, That the said hrtve been long cllabJished, and are moll conveniently fi t uafecl for the Purposes of grinding Corn and Grain f or the Inhabitants of the Country thereunto adjacent, mad have at a great Expence been lately made very complete, and now are in lubflantial Repair, in good Jfep'ate, ,’n fujj Employment, and of great public Utility i and reciting a Petition of the Company of Proprietors

664 10 Martii. 1776.

prietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling them to Execute the several Piitposes therein mentioned; and that these Petitioners are well affined, that the Canal proposed to be made -from the South Side of to Ckedleton, cannot possibly be supplied with Water, efhfciwife than by Springs and Rivulets that now fall into, and in a great degree compose, the Rivers or Waters that -Ripply and support the said several Mills; and that, if such Canal be made, it mult inevitably render them nearly useless, by depriving rherrt of a proper Supply of Water, by which Means the Petitioners, the said John Bagnall, Benjamin Yardley, and William,

will be very materially injured in their Property, and (he other Petitioners, and the Inhabitants in general in the Neighbourhood of the said Mills, will labour under many Hazards and e<penl?ve Inconveniences, in being necessitated to carry their Corn and Grain'to Milts at a much greater Distance from them; and the Petitioners are informed, that no real Advantages of Con-fequence can arise to the Public,- by -making the Canal and Railed Ways mentioned in the said recited Petition, the Country being already, by Means of good Turnpike Roads, in almost every Direction to Coals and LimCj -supplied with those useful Articles at moderate Rates: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said intended Bill may not pals into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bi'l to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, to make a Navigable Canal, from the said Navigation, On the South Side of Harecajile, in the County of , to

and a Rail-Way from thence to Sharpe life, and to continue the Canal from thence to or near in the

laid County, and to make other Rail Ways from the Rtid Canal, is committed.

Elfdon, A Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road *« from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at

Rtwd. Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North-East Side of the River Reed, through Over acres, and

to The Red Swyre upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir John Eden, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s -Chamber.

Alkerton An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and -Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of Alkerton, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord IVenman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Glatton A Bill for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called The Parts, Drainage. Farms, Alderlots, and Beaches, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Hinchingbrook, Mr. Montagu, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

l7

A Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and Wevirouth other Places, within the Borough and Town of - trtets' mouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, and for removing all Incroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for paving certain Streets,

Foot Paths, and other Places; and for regulating the Hackney Chairmen, within the said Borough and Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Purling,

Mr. Ellis, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Halifax, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names r &c-are thereunto lubscribed, being Inhabitants of, and Traders within, the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bingley, Guijley, Batley,

Birjlal, Mirfield, Hartjkead cum Eland the Lordship of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of Yorkj and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Trades-inen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bingley, Calverley, Tong, Birjlal, Batley, Guijley, Hartjkead cum Clifton, and Mirfield, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also the Petition of the Rector,

Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Kigkley, in the West Riding of the County of York -, and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, the Inhabitants of the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, were federally referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and 'afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions.. Mr.

Isaac Wilson informed your Committee, That great

Numbers of Manufacturers, Labourers, and other Persons, relide within the said Vicarages. Parishes, and -Places, who frequently contract small Debts, and many of them, although well able, refuse to pay, presuming on the Discouragement and Difficulties their Creditors lie under from the Insufficiency of the Law, and the Expence they are unavoidably put to in suing for the fame.

And the Witness laid, That the Expence of suing for a Debt in the Courts now established within those Parts, always far exceeds the Debt itself; and that he apprehended, that the Colls of both Parties in such Courts cannot amount to less than 8, 10, or £. 12;and that he remembered where the

Expence of suing for a Debt of i s.8 d. has amounted to upwards of £. io, and a Debt of is. to near and that he apprehended it would be of great Advantage to all the Inhabitants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, if an caller Method for Recovery of final!

Debts was established within the said Vicarages, Parishes, and Places.

And he produced to your Committee several Acts of Parliament for Recovery of small Debts in various Places; and by the Tables of Fees thereby established, it appeared that the whole Expence in suing foj: a Debt does not amount to Ten Shillings.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford,

Bingley, Guijley, Calverley, Batley, Birjlal, Mirfield, Harts-head cum Clifton, and Lordship of Tong, and in the Parishes of Kigkley and Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir George Savile, Mr.

Lascelles, Mr. Walter Stanhope, Lord Cavendish,

Mr. David Hartley, and Sir Cecil Wray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

16 Geo. III. ip° — 20° 6^5

Tardebigg Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Church. tjjC gin for re-building the Parish Church of Tar debigg, in the Counties of Wore ester and Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Militia. An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 15th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, xn that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of we// and Stone, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville to carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of" the Hindon whole House, to consider further of the Bill to in- Efedion. capacitate Certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. JE/wes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker tefumed the Chair.

Mr. E/’zves reported from the Committee, that they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further F*rogress in the Bill; and that hewas dire<5bed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave . to fit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend, the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

lekteford Lu cloture.

Fife

Elc&iou.

Hartwell

and

Stone

Inclosure.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of was read a Second Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Townjhe,8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lifts, which had been ftfuck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Lift of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned Lift the Names of Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, and Thomas Dundas,

of Cajllecary f Esquire, being added, the same was called

over; and is as follows:

Thomas Frankland, Esquire, Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, Hugh Owen, of Pembroke, Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, the Right honourable Thomas Townshend, Richard Aldworth Neville, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, George Clive, Esquire, John

Pownall, Esquire, Lord Viscount Sir John

Eden, Baronet, Frederick Montagu, Esquire, Cosmo Gordon, Esquire, Thomas Dundas, of Castlecary, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the1 Petition of John Henderson, Esquire, now taken into Confederation, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Vol. 35-

Mercurii, 20°;

Anno 16° Georgii IIItii Regis, 1776*

Pray

ER9.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Hills, Account One of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Pr5^J)^5 Exchequef, attended at the Door; he was called in; 1 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia, in the several Counties of England, within the Division of James Wefi, Esquire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, from the Year 1766, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each County, and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

.And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lioppon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. One of pitto. the Deputy Auditots of the Court of Exchequer* art-tended at the Door, he was galled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, _

An Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia, from the Year 1766, in the several Counties of Cker/?er, JOerby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, as far as the same <^an be made up, being within the Division of Henry Sfceddey, Esquire, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the TaL>/e, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prefefved amongst the other L*apers of this Session.

T be House being informed, that Mr. Fenwick, One

8 G

of

Ditto.

666 ao° Mar hi. A, 1776.

of the Deputy Auditors of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Expence of the Militia* within the Division of Sir Thomas , Baronet, from the Year 1766, as far as the same can be made up, distinguishing each Cqnnty and each Yean And then he withdraw.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta* ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Camberwell Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Peckham w^om the Bill for lighting and watching the Villages of lightly Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and Watch, certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman Street, in the Borough of , was

committal; That the Committee 'had examined the „ Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Greenwich Sir Charles Hardy reported from the Committee, to Hospital. whom the Bill for veiling certain Estates, now held in Trull for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ana. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Boston Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Committee, to Harbour, whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots- conducting Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring Polls within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks within, or adjoining to, the said Haven and Harbour; and for preventing JVJifchiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Hie Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were ag^ped to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Tax* A Cl for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, made in the commi’iiwun last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, Names, made in the same Session, intituled, "An Act for " granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to " be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year " One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Drrhv Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, thr? made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re*

" pairing and widening the Road from The White Stoop,

" near the North End of the Town of Derby, through " the Towns of Dvffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of " York, and from the said Town of Duffield, to the " Moot Hall, in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said " County of Derby- without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Nofton Act for enabling the Honourable George Hobart (o ^nt*olurc< inclose the Heath Lands, Field Lands, and Low Commons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of Notion, in the County of Lincoln; and for veiling the Glebe Lands, Viqarial Tythes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compensation to die Vicar of the said Parish, in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Up»on Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Insofar*, daws. Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Buckingham Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, inclosurf‘ Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Beckingham, in the county of ; without

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dundee Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Pennies Three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended witlun the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in t he said-Acts mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lord^ have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bonham Act, for dividing and inclosing. die Common or Waste Wood* Ground, called Boreham Wood Common, in the Parish of.

Eljiree, otherwise Idlefiree, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lea Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, inclosure. and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Qrich, and Southvoinfield, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ashwood Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain *av

Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwood Hay and nC 9 u,e' j Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of Waste Lands'

and Commonable Places, Part and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and- Parish of King~

20 fwhfotd.

Soo

te

16 Geo. III.

20° Mar///.

667

Strond water Navigation.

Duchy

or

Cornwall.

Duties on Tallow, lee.

Severn Bridge at

Benthall.

Warmington

inclosure.

Moore's

Name.

Cockayne*

Name.

Bowes*

Eitaie.

MeHows’s

Name.

fivitiforj, in tin* County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amen<l an Act, passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " makiffg navigable the River Stroudwater, in the " County of G/oncester, from the River , at

" or near FramUoad, to Wallbridge, near the Town " of Stroud, in the same County;" and forgiving other

Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from FramUoad to Wallbridge aforesaid; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

l’he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mis Majesty to make Ixafes, Copies, arrd Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And alii).

The lards have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Art Art to continue, for a further Time, an Art made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

" An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Dut ies payable upon the Importation of Tallow,

" Hogs Lard, and Greale without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from Benthall, in the County of Sato the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same; without any Amendment: And also,

I'lie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Warwick;without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore, Esquire, now Called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to take and ul'e the Surname and 'Arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the Wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment; And also,

l’he Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks, and Suf-sex, and in the City of London (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates deviled by the Will of George Bowes, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arile thereby in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Art, made and passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to enable John Medows, the Elder, Gentleman, and " his Issue Male, to take the Surname and Arms of " Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth " bald. Widow, deceased;" and also to enable John Medozvs, eldest Son of the said John Medows, (now John Theobald) and the Heirs of His Body, to take the said Surname, and bear the said Arms, of Theobald-, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord Robert Bertie reported from the Committee, to Vol. 35.

whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Streets, Boston Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, wit Win the Borough of Boston, i nthe County of Lincoln; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Otoftr udlions, therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gorie through the Bill, and made sevenu Amendments thereunto; which they had direrfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Ifterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; ana then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques tion severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordei'edy rl hat the Bill, with the Amendments, bo in-gfofled.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants^. Chatham of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in Streets. Common Council assembled, was presented to the Hotlfe, and read; taking Notice of the Bil) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Yeajr of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of Chatham, irt the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the bid Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chathanf as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and and to othet Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town; and - setting forth. That, by virtue of thff Petitioners Charter, they have Jurisdiction over almost the Whole of the several Streets and Places included in the said Bill; and that the Petitioner's apprehertd, that it is proposed by the said Bill, to ihveft the <Commissioners to be thereby appointed with such Powera and Authorities as will very materially interfere with the Jurisdi<Stion of the Petitioners, and ‘that the said Bill Will in many other respects be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and to their ancient Rights and' Privileges: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises irito Consideration, and that they may be heard, toy themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as may in any wise interfere With, or assertt, the Rights and Jurisdiction. of the Petitioners, an A. that they may have such Relief as the House shall think just; and reasonable.

A Petition of the Proprietors, Househplders,. and In- !>'.*» habitants, of that Part of the Parish of Saint,

next the City, of Rochester, in the County of which" lieth Oti the South Side of the High Street of* Chatham, in the County of Kent, commencing at, and extending frorin, a Boundary Stone, placed at the End of Chatham Parish, next a certain.Place called The Chapel Steps, in the said Parish of Chatham, West ward „ to a certain House called The House, at or

near Saint Margaret's Bank, and from thence along the Bank dalled Saint Margaret's Bank, Westward, tp a

certain public House, j?r Inn, late" called. Flyi/tg: FForfe, and now The Wrffand Groom, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, irt the’ City of Kochejitrft in the.faLCl County of Kent, was also preferred in the H0ufe, an«3. read , likewise' taking Notice of the said Bill; apd ting forth. That fdme 6Tthe Petitioners, upon the Application: of the Commissioners appointed for'pufting-ap. Execution the said Art made in the 12th Year of His present Majesty, and ift order to accommodate and enable them to carry on and complete the Pavements of~ the High Street of the said Town of Chatham, did. confers? to and sign the Petition lathe House for the present Bill, and' alftj to include the Foot Pavement, and lighting of 'Saint Margaret'‘sBank, from the House

called The Ftound-about House, Westwardj to the public House» ff Inn, late'called The Flying Horse, and now TT/ie jTorfe and Groom, the Petitioners referring to rfiem-

selves

668 20° MartiL1776.

selves the Nomination of the Proprietors and Inhabitans of the several Houses and Estates on Saint Margaret's Bank, to be Commissioners for the paving and lighting the fame, and to rest with and abide in them only, without the Interpolation of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the 12th of His present Majesty, or to be

appointed by the present Bill for paving the High Street Of the said Town of Chatham (not being Proprietors of any Estate on Saint Margaret's Bank) and, in Confidence that the same would have been complied with, the Petitioners Were induced to sign the said Peti-tition} and that the South Side of the said High Street of Chatham, from the Boundary Stone, near the Chapel

Steps, in Chatham, and extending from thence, West-'ward, to and along Saint Margaret's Bank, to the said public House, of Inn, is in the said Parish of Saint Margaret, and within the foie Jurisdiction of the Mayor and Corporation of the City of Rochejferand that the Petitioners do not mean to impede or hinder the passing the present Bill, pfovided the Mayor and Justices of the City of Rochester (under whose Jurisdiction the Petitioners and their Estates within the said Parish of Saint Margaret afe and wish to be) have the Nomination of the Commissioners for putting into Execution that Part of the Bill relating to those Parts of the Pavements and Lighting, which lie in the Parish of Saint Margaret and Saint Margaret's Bank, without the Interpolation of any other Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, who are not Proprietors of any Estate there; nor do the Petitioners wish to have any Thing to do with the paving and lighting any Part of the High Street hi the said Parish of Chatham; and that, unless the same be complied with, the Petitioners desire to withdraw the said Petition, so far as relates to themselves, and

totally to be left out of the said intended Bill: And therefore praying the House to appoint such Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Estates and Houses in those Parts of the said Parish of Saint Margaret, next the City of Rochester, as are comprised in the said Bill, to be Commissioners for carrying into Execution such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the said Parish of Saint Margaret (without the Interposition of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by the former Act or this Bill, who are not Proprietors) as the Mayor, Recorder, and Justices of and for the said City of Rochester shall think fit to nominate, under whole Jurisdiction only the Petitioners wish to be.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Arnold's An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Will, for empowering Richard , Esquire, the surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary Arnold, his Heirs, Executors, Admiriistrators, or Assigns, to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at

Jlead, in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, and the Houshold Goods and Furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by. the said Will, upon certain Trulls therein expressed, and to invell the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner, wa6 read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive, Mr. Towtshend See.:And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

i j _ <4 . -I 4 . 4 »-' '

Xidderminster A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Road. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of and of the feve-

ral Parishes of Ombersley, Doverdale, Elmley, Lovett, Rujhock, and Hartlebury, in the said County of ceJLer, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that

Leave has been given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worthier; and for altering, amending, and explaining the said Act; and for repairing, and including in the said Bill, certain additional Roads, and amongst others a Road leading from The Town Hall in Kidderminster, to a Place called Goodness, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the said County of Worcester; and that the said Road leading from Goodness to the Town of Kidderminster, is Part of the High Road leading from the City of Worcester to Kiddermitfler, and not connected with the other Roads included in the aforesaid Act; and that it will be a great Grievance to the Petitioners, and very injurious to that Part of the Country where they re side, to have the same made Turnpike, and subject to a Toll Gate, and to have Monies cohefted at such Gate laid oul in repairing and amending the Roads and Streets included in the above-mentioned Act, and intended to be added thereto, as the said Road leading from Goodness to Kidderminster is not above Two measured Miles and a Half, and will not take more than £. 60 to repair the fame, which the Petitioners pledge themselves to do, and which, when done, will easily be repaired by the Statute Duly; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such Road is included in the Bill now depending, it will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners Estates: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Part of the said Bill as relates to the said Road leading from Kidderminster to Goodness, in the said Parish of Hartlebury, may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to continue the Term, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-third of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from The Market House, - in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and to repeal so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road between Titton Brook and Wri in the said County, and for putting the said Road under the Management of the Trustees for putting the said first-mentioned Act in Execution; and for amending the Road between Titton Brook aforesaid, and the Foot of Bewdley Bridge, in Wribbenhall aforesaid, and from the Mill Street, in Kidderminster, to the' Avenue at the East End of Stourport Bridge, and from the said Avenue to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Kidderminster to Bromsgrove, at or near the Village of Stone, and from The Hoo Brook, in the Parish of

minster, to a Place called Broadwaters, to join the Turn- pike Road leading from Kidderminster towards Stourbridge, be read a Second Time.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, so whom Bmntmgtb<*r

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Incloiute. mon Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Bruntingthorp, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Mrs. Clarke, who is possessed of 11 Yard Lands, who, being applied to, refofed to sign the Bill, because it might hurt the Poor, whose Agent appeared before the Committee, and named a Commissioner on her Behalf; and also except the Proprietors of 3 Cottages and 2 Yard Lands and a Half, who also refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors

Barton

and

Martcleeve

inclosure.

Hampton

inclosure.

10

Geo. III.

20° Marlii.

669

of J-Ialf a Yard Land, who refused to sign, but had no Objection to the inclosure; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of Forty-four Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and the Number of Cottages are Eight; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone rhrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally prut thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mr. Skipivith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Hamlets of Barton and Martcleeve, in the Parish of Bidford, and County of Warwick, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whose Property in the Fields intended to be inclosed amounts to ^.34 per Annum, who refuled to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property in the said Fields amounts to £. 553. 19 od. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land within the Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Part ics concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land within the said Parish to the Amount of £.67 a Year, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the \\ hole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed amounts to f. 1,197. 1 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the 1 louie, to the Bill.

VOL. 35.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingrafted Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and car-

wick, was read the Third Time.

Rejo/ised, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tardcb'gg

Church.

Sir John Goodricke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for the Care of the Roads from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from 'Tadcaster, in the said Riding, to Dyal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with ;and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An ' Act, made in the 2.4-th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K.ing George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for explaining and amending so much of an Act,

" passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Hoads " from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the " County of York, to the Town of Leeds', and from " thence in Two several Branches, One through " Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bozvling " and FF tbfey, to the Town of , in the fame

" Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads " which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for " repairing the Road from Tin the said West " Riding, over Bramham Moor, through Kidhall " Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to a

" Place called Halt on Dyal, where it comes into the " abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds," was read. And,

Mr. fames Hebdm, being examined, laid. That the Sum of £. 7,3°° has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and still remains due, together with an Arvear of Interest, and a considerable Sum for Work, and ^Materials, which cannot be paid off and discharged , nor the said Roads completed, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act: is continued, and some further and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paired i the 2.4th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George? the Second, for explaining and amending so much off an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his said Majesty-, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from Selby to JLeeds, and also for repairing the Road from Tadcafserr~ to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of Q^ork: And that Sir John Goodricke, Sir George SavdSer, and Air. Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, t-o whom the Bill for aftertaining the Landed Property, zxs well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christand the Blessed Mary /Ace Pdrgrn at PP^orcester, as of others, situate in the Ham -Jet of Ohar/t0)J^ in the Parish of Crop!horn and County of ff'oycejier, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and C'onitrxon Fields, and other Commonable Lam/, withm.die same Hamlet, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

8 H Orders

Selby,

&c.

Roads.

n

Charlton

inclosure

670 20* Martii. 1776'.

Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* re- to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by Residence lative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; making Provision for the more speedy and effectual of the and that the Committee had examined the Allegations building, re-building, or repairing, Parsonage Houses, Clergy, of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that and for erecting or repairing other necessary Buildings the Parties concerned had given their Content to the upon the Glebes belonging the reto: And that Mr.

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Gilbert and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

the Proprietors of 3 Yard Lands, who refused tosign the the fame.

Bill; and that the whole Property consists of 53 Yard

Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Great BowOm

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, inclosure. that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and other Commonable Lands, within the-Parish and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of directed him to report to the House; and he read was read a Second Time.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered RefoThat the Bill be committed to Mr. the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s gerfordMr. , &c.: And they are to meet Table: Where the Amendments were Once read this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Red (tone Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to

Ferry whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Stockton, in the County of and of the fe-

RoadT vend other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Whete the lime was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Wheeler, being examined, said, That a certain Lane, called Stockton Lane, branching out of the Road leading from The Hundred House to the Town of at or near a Place called Stamford Bridge, in the said County of Worcester, to communicate with the Road leading from the said Hundred House to Monk's Bridge, at or near the Blacksmith’s Shop at is in many

Places very bad, and in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if the same was made a Turnpike Road it would be of public Utility.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging, the Powers, of an Act, of the 26th of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Redflone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repealing lb much of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Bridge, to

a certain House at Red Mar ley, in the Parish of Great Witley, in the said County, and for putting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first-mentioned Act; and for altering anti diverting the Road from The Hundred House to Redji one Ferry, so as to communicate the same with the West Avenue of Stourport Bridge, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, f >r amending and widening a certain Lane, called Stockton Lane, branching out of the Road leading from The Hundred House to the Town of Tenbury, at or near Stamford Bridge, in the said County of Worcester, and communicating with the Road leading from -The Hundred House to Bridge, at or near

the Blacksmith’s Shop at Stockton, in the said County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 16

Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Militia} further Consideration the Report from the Committee Scotland, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word "now" and at the End of the Question to add " upon this Day " Four Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word

" now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TCIer, for the } 93-

Tellers for the Noes,|^; j, I2

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words

" upon this Day Four Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It ivas resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Four Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Exporting night, the Third Day of April next, retolvc itself into a Pnm&uir., xc, Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent), and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners Mariners and Seamen, to lerve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and

and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Seamen.

Ships and Vessels, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Office*

vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *"<1

House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law', and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities,. Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or,

having

Ways and Means.

Siipply.

Account presented; Excise, Scotland.

Accounts presented; Customs, Scotland.

Forfeited Estates;

Scotland.

16 Geo. III. 20° — 2i° Tkfartii. 6*yi

having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Ad millions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So* licitors.

And then he with drew.

And 'the Title of the said Paper was read. Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other JPapers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 2i° dieMartii\ Anno 1-6® Georgii III'''Regis, 1776. Prayers.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and MY.

Pepys *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act ibbetfon* forvefting several detached Parts of the settled Estates Eftaws. of Sir James Ibbetson, Baronet, in Trustees; to be sold*

and for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale; and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Horneck’s to difiolve the Marriage of Charles , Esquire* divorce,

with Sara A Keppel, his now Wife; and to enable him

to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Eliot’s

difiolve the Marriage of John Eliot, Doctor in Physic, Divorce, with Grace JOalrymp/e, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengiers withdrew.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Rowe (from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland)attended An ingfofted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Barto at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and " fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Lands, in the Hamlets of Barton and , in Martdeeve

An Account of the grot's and net Produce of the the Parish of Bidford, and County of , was inclosur*-

Duties on Candles in Scotland, from Midsummer 1769 reacj the Third Time.

to Midsummer 1775. Refolded, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title

And then he withdrew. be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

And the 1 itle of the said Account was read. Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta- Hamlets of Barlon and Martdeeve, in the Parish of ble, to be peruted by the Members of the House. Bidford, and County of Warwick. The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Orde, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill to the Papers of this Session. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rowe (from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre* fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the grols and net Produce of all Duties, laid by Act of Parliament, on all Foreign Goods imported into Nova Scotia from Scotland, from September 1763 to September 1773 inclusive; distinguishing the Produce of each Duty and each Year 1 And ailb,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of the Wine and Fruits exported from Scotland to Nova Scotia, from September 1763 to September 1773 inclusive; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hdufe.

The laid Accounts arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr (from the Treasury) attended at the Door; he was called in;

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Commissioners " and Trustees for managing the annexed Forfeited " Estates in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of " His Majesty’s Treasury, which, by an Act of the " 25th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, is directed " to be laid before both Houses of Parliament."

VOL. 35.

Mr. Staunton presented to the House, according to coney "Weston Ofder, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inctofuie. of tLe Common Fields, Half-Y ear inclosures. Heaths,

Brooms, Breaches, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coney W1efto in the County of Suffo/k t And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Re/b/ved, ’t’hat the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hunger fori reported from the Committee, to Soar Rivet

whom the Bill for explaining* amending, and render — Navigation, ing j-t\ore effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the River Soar navigable, from the ltiver Fretit, to or near I — o teg h borough, in the county of ; and for repealing Part of the said Act; and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from a certain Part of the said Rivet-Soar, which joins or communicates with a Piece or Parcel of Ground called Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty of Garenton, in the said County, near, up, or into. The Rujhes, at Loughboroughaforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the A.I-legations of the Bill, and found thfe same to be true 5 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I; and he read the l£ey>ort in his pjace and afterwards deli the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where tre^\amendments were Oijlce read throughout

and 1 ion Second Time, One by One; and, upon

the

Hartwell and Stone Inclosure.

Yr.rdley

Hastings

Jndosure.

Walgrave

Inclosure*

Pilchard Fishery; St. Ives*

Charlton

Inclosure.

2i° Martii\ 177

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks, and desire the Concur-

rence of their Lordships thereto.

.\x.Knight ley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Hastings,

in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Knightley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Adam Drummond reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Fish Curers, and other Inhabitants, in the Borough of Saint Ives, concerned in the Pilchard Fishery carried on in the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Stephens, being examined, said. That there hath been for many Years pall a considerable Pilchard Fishery carried on in the Bay of; and that

the Fishermen and Fish Curers belonging to the said Fishery, have hitherto carried on the same conformable to certain Customs, or Constitutions, which have been, from time to time, deviled by them for their Government, and which, in general, have been complied with; but that in some Instances they have not been submitted to, whereby great Loss hath happened to the Fishery.

That of late Years the Adventurers in the said Fishery, and the Craft employed therein, are greatly increased, by means whereof the said Customs and Constitutions are more frequently infringed.

And the Witness further laid. That if some Alterations were made in the aforesaid Customs or Constitutions, and some new Regulations made, the said Fishery would be greatly improved and increased.

Mr. John Anthony confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery within the Bay of Ives, in the County of Cornwall: And that Mr. Adam Drummond, Mr. Eliot, and Sir William Lemon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for ascertaining the Landed Property, as well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Mary

the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Cropthorn and County of Worcester, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Common-

able Land, within the same Hamlet, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for ascertaining the Landed Property, as well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and the Blefj Mary the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Hamlet of Charlton, in the Parish of Cropthorn and County of Worcester, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the same Hamlet.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Hamptoa Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Incloioie. Land, within the Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, Stourbridge to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Jliire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in

the County of Stafford-, and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delphi, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was referred; That no Counsel appeared in Behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments werte Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the Floufe, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Butcher’s Committee, to whom the Bill for better enabling the Company. Company of Butchers of the City of London, to prevent exposing unwholesome Flesh Meat to Sale, within the Limits of their Charter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, u'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second

1

J

Motion

vtspecting

Rcr; -ii-ntation in

Pariu meat.

Mariners

aruf

Seamen*

MracJows* Na me.

bbctfon’s

iiltates.

Bristol

Pun.

16 Geo. III.

2i° Mar fit.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingr. fled.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of March 1668, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, upon the Bill to enable the County Palatine of Durham to fend Two Knights to serve for the County, and Two Citizens to serve for the City of Durham, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a just and equal Representation of the People of England in Parliament.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved;That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" and inferring the Words " upon this Day Five Months " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " To*

morrow Morning" Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made and passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to enable John Meadows, the elder, Gentleman, and " his Issue Male, to take the Surname and Arms of " Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth " bald. Widow, deceased;" and also to enable John Meadows, eldest Son of the said John (now

John Theobald,') and the Heirs of his Body, to take the said Surname, and bear the said Arms, of Theobald, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir James Ibbetson, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale; and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Mary ShuteAdams, of Suffolk Street,

in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bin the County of

Middlesex, Spinster, as well for herself as on Behalf* of Catherine Adams, her Sifter, a Minor, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, was prefen ted to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the Landing large Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays, and

Vol. 35.

673.

for providing a convenient Quay and proper Places, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of cester, for landing and storing the fame, and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Poat of Bristol-, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned; and setting forth, That there are certain Powers and Provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will (as the Petitioner conceives) be very injurious and detrimental to the Estates and-Interests of the Petitioner, arid her laid Sifter, and manifestly prejudice them in their Property: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by her Counsel or Agent, against such Parts of the said Bill as are particularly injurious as well' to herself as her laid Sifter, and that they may have such Relief as. to the House shall seem just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, or Agent, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if lhe thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to, the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley the Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, Canal, or Canal, from certain Lands belonging to ’Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, called The Great Ox Leafozv, and The Little Ox Leafow, situate at in the

Parish of Dudley, in the County of , to a

Place called The Black Delph, upon Penfnet in the Parish of Kingswinford,. in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with a collateral Cut or Canal, (Part of the proposed Stourbridge Canal Navigation) intended to be made from The Lays, in the said Parish of Kingswinford, to The Black Delph aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of t:1rxc Shafteflnwy whole House, to consider further of the Bill to <dis- ea"n* franchise and incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliamexsd, for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise , in

the County of Dorset;

Nlr. Speaker left the Chair.

JVfr. George Venables Vernon took the Chair of* -the

Committee.

Nlr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other nelfcs, and had made a further Progress in the BjJ/,-and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Fefol%>edThat this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were or-’81 dered

74

dered to attend the said Committee, this Day, do attend the said Committee, upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Martii 5

Anno 16* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1776* Praters.

' Krttfcham ly/FR. Tyner reported from the Committee, to whom cloture. jLVX the Bill for dividing, apportioning, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 15th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

§iven their Consent to tire Bill, to the Satisfaction of le Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gfofled.

BroMuigti«nrp An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Brrmtingthorp, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Brmtingthorp, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Creenwieh An ingrossed Bill for Veiling certain Estates, now Hhospital held in Trull for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Estates, now held in Trull for the Benefit 01 the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent.'

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hardy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dorchester Mr. Damerreported from the Committee, to whom Streeta* the Bill for better deanfing, lighting, and watching the Streets; Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dore in the County of Dorset, and in the Tything of Colliton ,in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Footways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways, and repairing the Horseways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be eroded

n

’ 177

in the said Borough and Tything, from being thatched, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preserving the Rights and Privileges of the Corporation.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of King's Row, Queen's Highgate Row, Hermes Hill, ’The White Conduit, and the Western a,d Part of Islington, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, also of the Freeholders. Leaseholders, and Inhabitants, of the New Buildings, in Gray's Inn Lane Road, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, all in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, to continue, alter, and enlarge, the Powers of several Acts of the Third and Eighth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, and the Seventh, Eighth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-house and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, and for making a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington; and that the Petitioners apprehend, it will be a great Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Public in general, if a Road was cut, of about Two hundred Yards in Length, from the said new Road, near Queen's Ron.', to Bagniggc Wash, in the said Parish of Saint James, Clerkemveil, as it would open

a much nearer Communication from the City and Liberty of Westmiujler, Saint Andrew's, Holbourn, Gray's Inn Lane, Coppice Row, Cold Bath Fields, some Part of Saint James and Saint John, Clerkenwell, to Mary,

Islington, and the Great Northern and Roads:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to insert a Clause, or Clauses, in the said Bill, for the Purpose aforesaid, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto l'ub-feribed, for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, of the Third and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Seventh, Eighth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-house and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, and for making a new Road, from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition , and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Y’ear of the Reign of His late Majesty,

ai° — 22° Martiu

thudlci^h

Bridge

thro*

Afb burton Road,

Boston

Streets,

Boffton

Harbour,

Barton

and

Martcleeve

Inclosure*

Covent Garden Theatre 5 Decayed Adlers

Fund,

16 Geo. III.

Marti*.

675

Stanwlx

taro’

Countefi of

Ditto*

for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein.

Ordered, That Lord Robert Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

jesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chtidleigh of Gum&er/and through to The Scotch Dyke* in

Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, the said County, towards Edinburgh, and also the Road through- the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent leading from aforesaid to the Bridge over Sark Longtown

Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County i Btek, in the same County, towards Patrick; was read and Tor altering and amending the said Act; and also aSecond Time. ( .

for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in Rejo/ved, That the Bill he committed to Sir the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Wraty, IVfr. Johrfione,: And they are to meet this for repairing and widening the Road from Travellers Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Rejl, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bushell, and Chamber, from thence to For eke' f, otherwise Forger's, Cross, in the

Parish of Highweek, in the County of Devon; and for The JToufe was moved, That the Petition of Daniel empowering the Trustees for putting the last mentioned . MtNdmara, of Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the county of ,

Act in Execution, to repair the Road from Forche's, Middlesex, Esquire, for and on the Behalf of the Right otherwise Forger's, Cross aforesaid, through the Parishes of honourable Anne Countess Dowager of Majjareene, in the Tingrazeand UJington, to the Town of South Bovey, in the Kingdom, Ireland, which wop presented to the House said County, was read a Second Time. upon the i ath Day of February laid, and then ontered to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palk, Mr. l*e upon the Table, might be again read.

Boone, he.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five And the said Order being read accordingly}

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Ordered, That, upon Account of the particular Cit-

cumstances let forth in the said Petition, Leave be given An ingrossed Bill for lighting and watching the Streets, to the said Countess Dowager of Majjareene, to exhibit a lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Petition, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for of Dante/fat'jPJamara.

removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Then. a. Petition of the Right honourable Awe, Obllruftions, therein, was read the Third Time. Countess Dowager of Majfareene, in the Kingdom of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Irelandf, was presented to the House, and read; Setting be. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, forth, That, by Letters Patent, as well under the Great Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within Seal of JLngland as under the Seal of the Duchy of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln-, and Lancafle*, bearing Date on or about the 30th Day of

June, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the said King did vert in certain Trustees therein named (amongst other Estates) all that the Lord Chip of Peak, in the County of Derby,

for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, by way of Jointure An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and Go- for Catherine, his then Queen, and granted Power to the vernment of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels said Trustees to grant Leases for such Terms as are into and out of the Port of Boston, in the County of therein, mentioned; and that, by Indenture bearing Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring Date on or about the 24th Day of December 1674, the Ports within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of said Queen Catherine and her said Trustees demised to the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges Thomas Eyre, Esquire, all those 7,331 Acres, 3 Roods, over the Creeks within or adjoining to the said Haven and x 6 Perches of barren Land, Parcel of the said and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in Lordship of High Peak, lying in Hope, Bowden, the said Haven and Harbour, was read the Third call, Fernelegk, Shallcross, Bowden,

Time. Cajlletoti, Bradwell, Flagg, Tad-

Ref olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ding ton, and Meller, as the same had been

be, An Act for the better Regulation and Government theretofore surveyed and admeasured, and according to of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out the several Proportions in the said Indenture specified, of the Port of Bo/lon, in the County of Lincoln; and and theretofore set out to be improved and mdofed,

for affixing and setting down Mooring Ports upon the by KLing Charles the First, or his Assigns, to hold the Banks or High Marshes within or adjoining to the same to the said Thomas Eyre, for the Term of Thirty-Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing one Years, at the Yearly Rent of Fifty Pounds, and and laying down Bridges over the Creeks, upon the that, by like Indenture, dated, the 15th of February High Marshes,'within or adjoining to the said Haver) 1674, the said Queen and Trustees (by virtue of at ana Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire ip special "Warrant or Privy Seal from the King) demised. the said Haven and Harbour. the same Lands to the said Thomas Eyre, for a further

Ordered, That Lord Robert Bertie do carry the Bill to Terrrx of Fifty-fevep Years in Reversion, at the like the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Yearly Rent of Fifty Pounds 5 and that, by Letters

Patent, dated the 4th Day of March, in the Twenty —

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray do carry to the Lords seventh Year of the said King Charles the Second, the the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and iaid KLing granted the Reversion of all the said Lands Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the (corrxprifed in the said Two Leases) unto the said Tho —

Hamlets of Barton and Martcleeve, in the Parish of stiezs and his Heirs in Fee, under a Yearly Fe«

Bidford, and County of Warwick-, and desire the Con- Farm Rent of £.100, payable into the Receipt of the currence of their Lordships thereto. Duchy of , for ever; and that the said Thomax

Fdyra, or his Defendants. fold off sundry Parts of the A Bill for securing a Fund, belonging to certain Per- {fiid Mounds in Fee, and covenanted to indemnify fuel*, fons of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, applicable to Purchasers from the Payment of the said Fee Farm,

charitable Uses; and for other Purposes, was read a SecQnd Rent, and the Resid ue of the said Lands are now be —

Time. come the Property and Inheritance of the Petitioner*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Frank-. frjt>je<5fc to the said Fee Farm Rent; and that whilst the land, Mr. Neville, he.: And they are to meet this said Fee Farm Rent remains a Charge upon the whole Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s JEfhxto comprised in the said Letters Patent, the Pe-

Chamber. titioner cannot thereof as '

as jfhp rn&ht <j0 jf Rent was charged on feme

certain thereof, and the

from i an(i therefore the Petitioner hath applied for,

\ o l. 55. and

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Stems:.r, in the County

22° Martii.

A. 1776.

Brecknock

Streets,

Ac.

Countess

of

Maffareene’s

Estate.

Account; $eam;n and Marines*

Fife

Election.

and obtained, the Consent of the Right honourable the Chancellor and the Council of His Majesty’s Duchy of Lancaster, for an Application to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill to charge the said Fee Farm Rent upon certain Farms of the Petitioner, of the Annual Value of £. 400, and upwards (being Part of the said 7,331 Acres, 3 Roods, and 16 Perches, granted by the said Letters Patent) and that the Residue thereof may be exonerated from the said Rent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir CecilWray and Sir Ckarles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the principal Land-owners. Landholders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock, was referred; That the Committee had heard One of the Petitioners, upon the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the Petition of the Right honourable Anne Countess Dowager of Majfareene in the Kingdom of Ireland, which was this Day presented to the House, and a Bill ordered to be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer thereof, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Mr. Buller, from the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Number of Seamen and Marines borne and mustered, between the ill of January 1775, and the 29th of February 1776.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

_ Mr. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Committee Appointed to try and determine- the Merits of the Petition, of John Henderfm, Esquire, complaining of an. undue Election and Return for the County of Fife, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

_ That James Townshend Ofzva/d, Esquire, is duly

efefted a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Fife. '

' And the said Determination was ordered to be in the Journals of this House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight-ley, Mr. Skipwith, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles

Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth,8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of the Proprietors, Householders, and Inhabitants, of that Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret, next the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, which lieth on the South Side of the High Street of Chatham, in the County of Kent, commencing at, and extending from, a Boundary Stone, placed at the End of Chatham Parish, next a certain Place called The Chapel Steps, in the said Parish of Chatham, Westward, to a certain House called The Round-about House, at or near Margaret's Bank,

and from thence along the Bank called Saint Margaret's Bank, Westward; to a certain Public House, or Inn, late called The Flying Horse, and now The Horse and Groom, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by^ themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Brownlow Bertif, Lord Robert Bertie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and

Seamen,

Yelvmost

Inciohire.

Chatham

Streets.

Adjournment.

Welbv

Inclosure.

Mariner* an d Seamen.

jigmzea oy

WansfonJ

Britlgr,

&c.

Roads.

Clithero,

6i C.

Road.

Clcwcr

Inciosure.

Harwood

Inciosure.

Dorfingron Inciosure

Militia.

Alkcrton

Inciosure*

Taylor’f

Latent.

i 6 Geo. III.

22° Mar tit*

Seamen, to feive in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hoyfe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the Messengers withdrew

677

The House being informed, that Mr. Tomkins, from the Co In missioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he wa* called in) and, at the Bar, presented to the Hon ley pursuant to their Orders,

An Account Of the Total Quantities of Foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1772. to Christmas 1775; shewing t lie Rates and Duties paid on each Species: And also,

An Account of the Total Quantities of Foreign L.iJ hens exported from England, shewing the Drawbacks paid on each Species, from the 5th 01 January 1773 to the 5th of January 1776; distinguishing each Year: Aiid allb.

Account! presented; Linen, &e.

An Account of the Total Quantities of British and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Irish Linens exported from England, shewing the Boun-

Pepys: ° r ' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Read from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Nor-

thampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge, to a Gate called Scotgate, in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Market Cross, in the Town ship of Clitkero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster ,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

ties paid or payable on each Species, from the 5th of* January 1773 to the 5th of January 1776; distinguilliine: each Year 3 And also.

An Account of the Quantities of British and Irish Linens exported without Bounty* from the 5th of January 1773 to the 5th of January 1^76; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Irish Linens imported into England, from Christmas 177! to Christmas 1775 $

distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, imported into England, from Christmas 1771 to Christmas 1775; distinguishing each Year: And tdfo.

An Account of the Quantities of Flax, Hemp, Flax Seed, and Linen Yarn, exported from , from

Christmas 177! to Christmas 1775; distinguishing each Year.

Aid then he withdrew.

And tire Titles of the said Accounts were read.

upon

w , That the said Accounts do lie upon the

for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Com- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. mon upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other

Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish of Clewer, in the Tapers of this Session.

County of Berks; and for veiling the same in His Royal

Highness the Duke of Gloucester, his Heirs and Assigns, A Alotion was made, and the Question being put, upon the Conditions therein mentioned; without any That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, re-Amendment: And also, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act consider of a Method for lcfferung the Hates now pay-for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste able For the Relief of the Poor, by imposing a Tax Grounds, within the Vill, Hamlet, or Township of Little upon all Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied to that Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and County of Purpose;

Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and

Ti*ot*

Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of DorJington, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Marck One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-fixwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of in

the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<ffc for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, granted by I lis present Majesty, to Elizabeth Taylor, of the down of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for nuking Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, uled in the Rigging of Ships; w ithout any Anendment.

Yol. 35.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'Teller, for the Ye*, ( }

Tellers for the Noe, {

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

24-

19.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hovafpr to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said.Order being read accordingly j ICeJolved, That this House will, upon Mornifxgj

next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day* for the House to re solve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, L>e now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

That (his House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

W»y* and Mean*.

Supply*

T lie other Order of the Day being read The J /ou/e resolved itself into a Committee of the

8 K whole

Hindna

Election,

678 22° — 250 Martii'. ' A. 1776.

whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. iLlvoes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was dire died by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunae, 2 50 die Mar tii;

him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Firth Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

rt

An ingrafted Bill for lighting and watching the 'VII- Can.lxrwtil lages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of a.r<i Surrey, and certain Hoads therein mentioned leading xi-btVwwh, thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between " &c. Peckham and Blackman Street, in the Borough of wark, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Main bey do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir James Ibbetson. Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arile by such Sale; and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Whitworth, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Anno 16* Gaoigii IIP11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Coney WHhu

ludofere. A B I L L for dividing, allotting, aid inclosing of Jx. the Common Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breaches, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coney in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Staunton, Mr. Brett, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Yiidley

*®"p’s A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

urc* and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley Hajlings, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight-ley, Mr. Powys, itc.: And [ they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Walgrave

lacloiure. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrove, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, T-hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Knightly, Mr. Powys, See.: And they are to mefet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to distfolve the Marriage of Charles Esquire,

W'ith Sarah Keppel, his now Wife 5 and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time, o Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Eliot’s.

rr?vorr?. An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to distfolve the Marriage of John Eliot, Doctor inPhysic, with Grace Dalrymple, his now Wife; and to enable

A Message by Sir Francis Mohneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, Rcval

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Atfcmto Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where( a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal A flint to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned, and also empowering the Lord Archbilliop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Earl of Darturnout h, and several other Lords, to declare ami notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and the Earl of Dartmouth, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to cuable His Majesty. to make Leases,

Copies, and Grants, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to amend and render " more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in " rica, an Act, passed in the Preicnt Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and " Desertion, and for the bettvr Payment of the Army " and their Quarters; and for extending the Provisions " of the said Act to His Majesty’s Marine Forces in " America

An Act for defraying the CLarge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March Or.e thousand Seven hundred Vid Seventy-six:

16 Geo. III.

25 ° Mar Sti.

67 9

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which r0vi1

made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s lies next to the City of , to Saint to

Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue and amend Cross, near the City of , in the County of

" an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His Kent and for amending and widening the Road trom

" present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation the present Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called

" of lalted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ire " land, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Im-

" portation of Halted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, " from the British Dominions in America, for a limited " 'lime," as relates to the Importation of ialted Beef, Pork, Bacou, and Butter, from Ireland; and also another

Makenade Corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Baghant Cross, and Shalms/ord Lane End, in the Parish of ham, in the said County:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repair-

Adl, made in the -Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s ing the Hoad leading from in the County of

Reign, intituled, "An Act to permit the free Importa- Suffix, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham, and

" tion of Cattle from Ireland:"

An Act for rcdlifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act, nude in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act, made in the same Session, inti

t her head, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Pari Hi of Ocklty, in the said County of Surrey

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike lload which

widening the Road

trom eD/teIVhite Stoop, near the North End of the " J own of Derby, through the Towns of Duffle Id and

tuled, " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, leads from Bawtry to Retford, in the Counties of Turk

" by a Iumd 'fax, to be raised in Great Britain, for and ham:

" the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred An A<£b for enlarging the Term and Powers of an " and Seventy-fiveand for appointing other Com- Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign missioners, together with those named in the first-men- °l Ids Majesty King George the Second, intituled, tioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Section " An Act for repairing and of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

by a Land Tax, ro be raised in Great Britain, for the _ .....w_______

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Chesterfic/d,in the County of Derby, to the Town of Seventy-six. " ,in the County of York, and from the said

An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, " 1 own of DJuffield, to the Moot Hall, in the Town of

made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s " t A, in the said County of Derby:"

Reign, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two " limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Impor- Acts, made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-ninth " tation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greafe1 ears of the Reign of King George the Second, for An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent, repairing the Road trom in the County

granted by His present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor, of ot Northampton, to the Town and Borough of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the foie Lfe and ford, in the County of Lincoln, and from Stanford Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and to Bourn, in the said County; and for repairing and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge, uled in the Rigging of Ships: to a Gate called Scotgate, in Stamford, and from the

An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging Termination of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane, Bourn, to the Market Cross in Bourn: applicable to charitable Uies; and for other Purposes An Adb for repairing and widening the Road from

therein mentioned: The NTarkct Cross, in the Township of Clithero, to Sal-

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Bridge, in the Town of , in the County

by Throe Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Palatine of Lancaster-Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer, brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for the better maintaining, regulating,

and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint

George, in the County of Middlesex; and for clean sing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts,

Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and- for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of The Tower of London.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from Bcnthall, in the County of Salop, to the oppohte Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said Colinty,

and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the lame.

An Act to amend an Act, pa fled in the Third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A«ft

" for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, a-t or " near Framiload, to IFallbridge, near the 'Town of Stroud,

" in the same County;" and for giving other Powers for the Purpose of makinga Navigation from Frami/oad to IVallbridge aforesaid:

An Adr for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Two Acts passed in the Third and Seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second,

Yol. 33.

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Durham, JYJiddlesex, Berks, and Sussex, and in the City of Lon-

don, (Part of the Freehold and Copyhold ERates deviled by the W ill of George; Bowes, Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other A-fl effuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be

settled to the same Uses:

A n for veiling the Advowson of the Redtory of De'zvfes, in the County of IViIts (Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Stephen late 1 ord Holland, deceased), in Trustees and their Heirs, in to be sold, and for laying out the Money to ariie thereby in finishing and completing a Mansion House at mnterjlow, in the same County:

An Act for vesting certain Leasehold Pieces of Ground in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, together with a capital Tvlefliiage built on Part thereof, devised by the Will of Sir Jo//n Hales, Baronet, deceased, in Trusteety in Trust, assign the same to Henry Herbert, Eftprire, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Consideration Money in such Manner as in the A is mentioned:

An Act to subject and charge the Prebend of Mar-ston Scazjtt Lawrence, in the County of Northampton, and the J__a,nds, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the Payment of Two several perpetual Yearly Rent-Charges, to Doctor Everard Biick'tcsorth, and his Successors in the said Prebend; and for

X

680

Jloval A (Tent for dwelling the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof t» out of him and his Successors, and for veiling the fame, B»Hi. fQ charged, in John B Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns: *

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadow, Failure, and other Commonable and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of and North

William, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for exchanging certain Lands, in the Parish and Liberties of Spaldwic with , for other I^ands in the Parish of Long , in the County of Huntingdon, in the Manner, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Ings, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Towntliips of After by and Goulcebv, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open ^nd Common Fields, and also a certain Parcel or Trad of Common and Waite land, called The , and other Common and Waste Land, within the Manor and Parish of Leigh, otherwise Ley, in the county of :

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Heath, and "Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Dujton, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Liddington and Hamlet of

bourn, in the said Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Township, Hamlet, Precincts, or Liberties of Blackthorn, in the Parish of Ambrofden, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of , in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Raitkby, near Spilsby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Rushton Spencer, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Sutton Saint Michael's, otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Odd, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of I Farmington, 'in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common or W afte Ground, called Boreham Wood in the

Parish of Elftree, otherwise Idlejlree, in the County of Hertford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, MeadowSj-Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for enabling the Honourable George Hobart to indole the Heath Lands, Field Lands, and Low Commons, or Fen Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Lincoln; and for veiling the Glebe Lands, Vicarial Tythes, and Right of Common, belonging to the Vicarage of Nodon aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a Compensatiou to the Vicar of the said Parish in lieu thereof:

22

A. j 77<f.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Upton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Lea, in the Parishes of Ashover, Crick, and Soulhwinfield, in' the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, called Ashwood Hay and Wall Heath, and several other Parcels of W'afte Lands and Commonable Places, Part- and Parcel of Ashwood Hay, situate within the Manor and Parish of King-fwinford, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for extinguishing the Right of Soil and Right of Common upon certain Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Land, in the Manor and Parish of Glewer, in the County of Berks, and for veiling the same in his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, his Heirs and Assigns, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable and W'afte Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dorfmgton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Vill, Hamlet, or Township, of Little Harwood, in the Parish of Blackburn, and County of Lancaster:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Parish and Liberties of

Alkerton, in the County of Oxford: *

An Act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore, Esquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his Heirs Male, to' take and use the Surname and Arms of Fo/jamben pursuant to the W7ills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, Esquires, deceased:

An Act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Frith only, pursuant to the Will of Neighbour Frith,

Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Godfrey Wolff, and John Adam Hecker:

An Act for naturalizing John Liardet:

An Act for naturalizing Lewis Vialetes Baftide:

An Act for naturalizing John Hoffman.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Dur*et

ing next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole on

House, to consider of allowing further Time for the B.igles Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Bonds which have been given, relative to the Revenue of Customs, and upon which no Prosecutions have been had, for the Space of Five Years.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Duties payable upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom.

Sir Rickard Worstey prefonted to the House, accord- Isle of Wight ing to Order, a Bill to continue the Corporation of toor.

the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of; and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the fame; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the " Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and " Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several " Parishes and Places within the said Island:" And the same was received; and read the First "l ime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill

2 50 MartiL

Sir-

16 Geo. lit.

2$° Marfii.

Redrtonc Ferry Bill for continuing the Tern-1, and altering, explaining, Tenbury an<^ en^arg'nS fhc lowers, of an Act of the 26th of King Road. George the Second, for repairing and widening the Toad leading from Redflone in the County of

IVbrcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repealing lb much of an Act, of the 7th Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red Mar ley, in the Parish of Great W in the said County; and for putting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first-mentioned Act; and for altering and diverting the Road from The Hundred Hou/e to Red/lone Fe, so as to communicate the same with the West Avenue of St our port was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments-, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Brecknock An ingrossed Bill for liipplying the Borough and

Streets, &c. rpown of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, wirh Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening and making commodious Ibme of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cro-rcombe Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to

Iudofure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open

and uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called Crowcombe Heathfieldand Heddon, and Parcel of

Quantock Hills, within the Parish of Crow combe, in the County of Somerset: And the lime was received: And read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Stourbridge The Bill (now ingrossed) for making and maintaining Canal. a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of to join the Staff —

fordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near in the Cotmty of Stafford; and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The , upon Renfnct Chace, to communicate with the intended. Canal, near the Junction of Brook with the

River Stour, and the other from a Place called

Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called

Lays, in the Parish of Kin, in laid County of Stafford, was, according to Order, read the TTliird lime.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19, 1.10. After " obtained," to inlert " nor for " more than 1,000 Yards in Length " with such Consent."

Pr. jo, I. 11. After " Wells" to insert Sir " Sebright, Baronet, Robert " ley, Thomas , Clerk,

Vol. 35.

ff Downing, Clerk, Richard Amphleft, Wliter Moseley, Joseph,

" William Blow Collis

pr. 4.8, 1. 11. To leave out " out of the Three Persons to be nominated."

Pr. 139> h 7- To leave out from " Aft" tb " every" in line 11.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Reffolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and -ceJier/7/ire Canal, at or near Stourton-, in the County of Stafford i and also Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfnet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal, near the Junction of Worde/Iey Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Hands called The Lays, in the Parish of in the said County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir V ilham Bagot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Mariner* from the Committee of the whole House, to whoru and the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen,- earnfn* to serve in His Majesty’s Snips of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Blace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means far railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be no* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Hovlfe will, upon Wedtiefday IVIorning next, resolve itself into the said Committe.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House suppV‘ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Alorning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the t)ay being read, for the House Tat to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Method for lcflening the Rates now payable for the Relief of the Poor, by imposing a Tax upon all Persons keeping Dogs, to be applied to that Purpose;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

It. passed in the Negative;

T^efolved, That this House will, upofi this Day Four ttths, resolve itself into the said Committtee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

8 L

BttttWa

Company.

I>ccr

Stealings

m

26° Martii.

A. 177(5.

. , Maftis, i66 die Martii J

Anno ib* Georgii III'" Regis, 1776*

|*RiT 4R S*

A'Motion was made, ind the Qudlion being

That the ingossed Bill for better enabling the 'Compaity of Butchers of the City of London to prevent 'exposing unwholesome Flesh Meat to Sale, within the Limits Of their Charter, be noW read the Third . Time}

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time, Upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Com' tnittee, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Pnrpple, was committed j That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his . Place y and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Lord Brovtinlbiv Bertie presented to the House, accord- Ollngholmj

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain lodokut Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Lordships and Parish of Smith and North Kil/irtg in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for discharging certain Lands, in the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of , from the Payment of a Fee- Farm Rent of One Hundred Pounds a Year: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr, Bttller, from the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Increase of the Debt of Hfe Majesty’s Navy, on the 31 ft < of December 1775, with the lleafons for the said Increase.

And the Title of the said Account was rcadi The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

Comtek

of

Mifhnentt £11 ate.

Account

preleotd;

NtryDeUi

4 s

Navy Office,) 2 oth March x y ~ 6. S

An ACCOUN T Hie wing the --

pUriuant to a Precept from the

with the Reasons for the said Increase: Prepared

HonourableH^use of Commons,"dated the 18th March 1776._____________________________ .

T r f the Debt of Ills Majesty’s Navy on the 31st December 1775 e Increase of the Uebt ___________ J , f f c

f*

Aj \

Debt of the Navy on the 3 I ft December 1 775 Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1774 .

Shews the Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1775> to be increased -

f u r’ATnerease, on Account of the Navy. Reasons for the said Iner"a

tmereft incurred on Navy Bills

Premium

°n the Importation of Naval Stores

li \ at iiiipuriauon 01

SwndrvP "Cy for Privatcers taken in the lad War Charge of T^r on Accounc of the Longitude Chn I 1 l^'nports -

For 1^846 SeamS opln_tech teamen on Shore For building h!o ,lr5n^s borne more than voted, for \V Bills of Exchanoe^ra C°,ntr^ors ia Merchants Yards

ear

and Tear and Wages

be emptoyedjnD^nfSfhas lately been given on

Specie feat out to thr"N l''\ VlLe Admiral Graves.at Boften, for the Purchase of YelTels to be et great

Bills drawn at those Ph* Officer at Bofi°n ‘"d Halifax, the latter End of last Year, to a . - '' ouy have made Part

For the Value of Hemn r ' ? ‘ .,7a. whtca 11.

of the Expence ,f F^lgn. °ak P,ank’ j- A ~r c»n lear, but not

C'

37.360 13 I 45,866 15 —

680----

2,795 9 10

148,670 8 3

3.107 7 4

68.39+-----

22,096 12 %

4,°°S-----

15,000 — —

mk, American Malls, and Engljh Oak Timber, con traced so^1^ g£rvjces for 1774> (exclusive of the

being delivered until 1775, the Whole of the Supp* c m

extraordinary Expences Expended" ra^h^^unt of - Lead, Caovafs and1 Iron pur-

j ----- uiui as a»i, tuijtumui, wu, i allow, oucittnuig ~ ' i un(ier dr — .

chaled ltl 1 art to incrtafe the Magazine in such of the Articles as were of American Growth, an e(jirnated to be aeceftary.

n , rrtbht not be DfOCVired from thence, and others purchased in Addition to what had beei _ - ", .

CoUntT\, fhp fitting ()U t the great Number of Ships lately commissioned ;n Arrear from the Year 1765,

1)66X1 "* the Re'cruiting Service for the Marines in

IWllUJi n 1 c Up fitting out the great Number of Ships lately committal of \Yp Ynr on account or NIC hf ccrlain premises at Plymouth, which had b<

For StoWt R<rh dM"0,l" Ro>>1 Hospital at fora

advanced on

those Cotnmiffi°nCIS,‘

Expence of viauaWntg Land Forces S Freights and Demurrage

ASnal Allowance of Vinegar

Wharf building at Portsmouth

- _ -gjjy Ships, employed in Not th America - -

A new Whart n\in«.»6 -» - - v ~ -cC of H,s ./chips there in the preceding Year, which hare been paid in the

Vegetables purchased and making Sour Krout, sent for the Service Majesty bmp -

Sf/of Exchange drawn from the East Indies, for the Service of H>» »l j -

and were

this Year for Accounts which terminated in former Years presentYear - - nts nUtnt*"? I^ir Account, were made up, whether they were Debto.

Bills made out to Porfers on the Balance of their Victualling Accounts* untJl the _ - - - " -

and not included in any former Debt, in regard it could not be Km , - , 1774, received and numbered since,

or Creditor - - - hefore tke . coming to-Hand till the Year 1775

Bills made out for Provisions delivered and Services performed, on 01 , ^.jjicU not c " .

not included in the EJftimate of the Debt for that Time, the Accounts Amount of Provisions, Wc. ftiippedto Supply His Majesty’s Ships ^Bf°\fcditer>nr‘taa ‘ -....

_tv net n 1 " tllC T.tflii

o

n

Amount of Dtt flopped to supply His Majesty’s Ships in ""AT a

Amount of D* fliiuDed to fuuolv His MalrftvV Shins in the &"rt

Amount of D"

/ aiue of th

rtquentw'Remains of the Provisions on Board on the 31 It December 177? . reU.n r-. with the high Prices paid for Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Ships m v° -

may be prelumed to be Reasons for the remaining Sum of "

shipped to supply His Majesty’s Ships in the _ut ports - *. _nfc

shipped for Supply of His Majesty’s Stores at th (he preceding »e tke r, ft December 1774- antl ?- h

Value of the Remains in Store on the 31st December 1775, exceed the Kcr^ ’ tft December *77S» RemamSof the preceding Year, There were a greater Number His Majesty's Ships in Commission on greatly exc^ether with the Waste and Decay of Pi°'_

Mu. Suckling, J. Williams, T. Brett, IF. PJritU

40,297-----

47,766-----

I,l8l-----

10,510-----

2,956 12 10

96,291 si

566 6

13,14IjJ *

1,828 16 6

1,000 — — 1,652 S 7

=3-355 »+ 3

7,'+3 1 3

14,885 15 10 55,5*4 1 9,

1,217 8 *i

1,265 13 4i 19,563 10 a| 27,271 11 %

91,524 9 lOj

To be accounted for by the

Navy.

453,282 2 8£

V ift nailing.

2.698,579 — 1,886,100 8 3

.812,478 11 9i

3.59,*96 9 1

452,686 18- 6

356,229 6. 1

OS

00

Uvi

16 Geo. III. ^<5° Martii.

684

26’ Martii.

A. 1776.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I louse.

Leicester, Mr, Skipwith reported from the Committee, to *c- whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an

Road*. Act, paded in the 27th Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from " to Narborough, Ind from Leicester to Coventry, and " from thence through Kenilworth to , and

" from thence to Halford. , and from Warwick " to Stratford upon Avon, and trom Coventry to " tyn's Gutter, leading towards Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the " last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road " from Leicester, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County " of Leicester ft lb far as the same relates to the Hoad from Coventry through Kenilworth to and

from the said City of Coventry to Martyn's , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; afld, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

Weymouth A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough and Streets. Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending, for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places within the said Borough and Town, and for other Purposes; and that there are, within the said Borough and Town, many Houses and other Buildings covered entirely with Straw or Thatch, and that, if a Fire should happen amongst those Houses the said Borough and Town would, in all Probability, be entirely destroyed; and that it would be a great Security to the Property of the Petitioners, if all Persons wi re to be restrained from using Straw or Thatch for ccve ing their Houses and other Buildings, within the said Borough and Town, for the future: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places, within the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of and for remov-

ing all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein; and for paving certain Streets, Foot Paths, and other Places; and for regulating the I lackney Chairmen, within the said Borough and Town, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Medow*’ An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to amend an Act, made and passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to " enable John Medows, the Elder, Gentleman, and his " Issue Male, to take the Surname and Arms of " Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth " bald. Widow, deceased;" and also to enable John Medows, eldest Son of the said John , (now

H

John TheobaldJand the Heirs ot 11 is Body, to take the.

laid Surname and bear the said Anns, 01 'Theobald, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Charles Banbury, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at 1'ive of the Clock, in the Sjreaker’s Chamber.

An ingross'ed Bill for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, trom certain Lands, belonging to Thomas Talbot Foies, F.squire, called The Greet Ox Leafow and The Little Ox situate at Ne-

ther ton, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called The Black Delphi, upon Penfnet Chace, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate w'ith a collateral Cut or Canal (Part of the proposed Stourbridge Canal Navigation) intehded tt> be made from The Lays, in the said Parish of Kingswinford, to the Black Delphi aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bili; viz.

Pr. 13,1. 21. After " obtained" to insert " nor for " more than 1,000 Yards in Length " with such Consent."

Pr. 117,1. 38. To leave out from " Aft" to " every" in Press 118, line t.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, w'ithin and from certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called De/ph, upon Penfnet Chace, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Thomas Williams, with Ann Lantware, his now Wife; and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, the 2d Day eft. April next, relblve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

« I

An ingross'ed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majestyks Ships of W ar, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, wras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to lerve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Yates do, upon this Day Sevennight, the 2d Day of next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to difl'olve the Marriage of Thomas Williams, with Ann Lantware, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That Mrs. Eleanor Gamble do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Paul do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Mary Barnet do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Qrdtndt

DikHst

Caiub

WiTiarr s*s Divorce.

Marirer* and Sc a me ik

Williams’s

Divorce.

16 Geo. III.

2 6° — 27" AfartiL

68

StaftfQmry

Ek&ion*

Ordered, That Mrs. Ross do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Stephenf do -attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Seafood do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jones do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mrs. Ann Lantware do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaft efbury, in the County of Dorset.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. George Venables Vernon took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being, then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Owen’s

Eftaie*.

Elfdorj,

&C.

Road.

Mercurii% 27*die Martti\

Anno 16* Georgii II. V" Regis, 177$.

Prayers.

Stamburnc

inclosure.

l^JR. Darnel Lascelles reported from the Committee*

to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Waste and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stainburnc, in the Parish of Kirkfy Overblow, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of tire Ertates deviled by the Will of Sarah Owen, Spinster, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir 7'/comas Clavering reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present'

Turnpike Road at Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North East Side of the River Reed, through acres, Els/Vmw, and Catcleugh, to The Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland, was committed , That the Committee "had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

t*Ujt Committee had gone through the Bill,

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed lum to report to the House; and he read the ReP?r* in J11* Pkce; and afterwards delivered the Bill* Wlt" th^ Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table-.

Where e Amendments were Once read throughout; arid therr a Second Time, One by One; and, upon^ the (^ueftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingroued.

An. iogrofied Bill for dividing, apportioning, and Nettleham indosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable 'Inclosure. Lands, and Waste Grounds, within Manor and

Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

R-«/b/*ued, That the Bill, do palsi And. that the Title be. An Act for dividing, apportioning, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable I and*, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Hords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for remedying feme Defects in the several Westminster _ passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regu- Streets,

relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; lating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places,

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations -within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts

of the Rill, and found the same to be true} and that adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report tQ the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to try the House. \

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and ^Lr.

Hen:

Mr. Speaker,

Hartwell The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An inclosure. for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 35.

An- ingrosstd Bill for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of in the County of Dorset, and in the Tything of Coltiton Row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Foot Ways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horse Ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Bo-rmigh and Tything, from being thatched, was read the 1 hird Time. /

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 15- L *0. After " Four" to insert "

8 M And

Dorcbeft

Street*.

686 27° Mart. 1776.

And the said Amendment'was, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the H ouie; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dor jet, and in the Tything of Col/iton in the Town

of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing certain Horse Ways, of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Foot Ways, and repairing the Horie Ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nui-fences, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tything, from being thatched.

Ordered, That Mr Darnedo carry thet Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Arnold’* Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom Will. the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Richard Hoare, Esquire, the surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary his Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at

Jlead, in the County of , with the Appur-

tenances, and the Household Goods and Furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said Will, upon certain Trusts therein expressed, and to invest the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands - or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill ta the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Nunnington Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Iiidolurc. Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within

the several Townships of Stoncgrave, WJlness, and ington, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the eyth of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 10 Acres of old inclosed Land, who had no Objection to the Inclosure, but did not lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 800 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-tvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sir Cecil Wray reported ti'om the Committee, to whom Sutton upon the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Derxcnt Fields, Meadows, and Failures, within the Township of nc*olurt* Sutton upon Derveent, in the Fail Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Pent on reported from the Committee, to whom Highgare the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto an*f subscribed, for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 7th, 8th,

26th, and 29th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways from several Places in the said Acts mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate house and Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, and for making a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington-, and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of King’s Rozv, Queen’s R.ow, Hermes Hill, The White Conduit, and the Western Part of in the Parish

of Saint James, Clerkenwell, also of the Freeholders, Lease-

holders, and Inhabitants, of the New Buildings in Gray's Inn Lane Road, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, all in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23th of -April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had, with respect to the first-mentioned Petition been complied with; that no Notice had been given in relation to the last mentioned Petition; but a Member present at the Committee, who is the only Proprietor of the Lands through which the Road is intended to be made, gave his Consent thereto; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the feme, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read. And,

- Mr. Thomas Elmes informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the :feid Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls (near 14,50ft of which is still owing), which has been laid out in repairing the Roads,1 and other the Purposes of the Acts, but that the feme cannot be repaid, nor the Roads effectually kept in Repair, unfefs the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued, altered, and enlarged;" and by several Accounts produced to your Committee; it appeared, that there has been a gradual Decreale of the Tolls from the Year 1766, and that last Year the Money collected was JU990 less than ill 1766,' and* 240 less than in *774*

The Witness further feid. That tfre several Roads

- ' leading-

15 Geo. III.

270 Martii.

leading to Highgate Gatehouse and in the said Acts particularly mentioned, are very inconvenient and dangerous to Persons having Occasion to travel in the Night-time, being much infefted with Robbers, which might in a great Measure be prevented, and the Lives and Properties of Passengers rendered secure, if Power was given to light and watch the lame; and it would also much conduce to the Convenience of Persons travelling the said Roads, and the Inhabitants of Houses on the Sides thereof, if the Trusteis were impowered to water the lame, and authorized to collect an additional Toll for the above Purposes.

In support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Joseph Barron, being examined, laid. That it will be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants, and of

Sublie Utility, if a Road was cut from the New oad, near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge , in the Pa

687

u

} ‘3-

( The Lord Mulgrave,

Tellers for the Yeas, Thomas C/avering: t Sir Richard Sutton,

Tellers for the Noes, j^jr>

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Sir Thomas Clavering, and Mr. Cruger, do prepare, and bring in, the said BilL

Mr. E/wes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable-Grounds, in the Manor of Eafibury, otherwise in the County of

Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Eastbury

IndofuW-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

„ - 0...00. _____ to consider of allowing further Time for the Exporta-

rish of Saint James, Clerkenwell {being about 220 Yards tion of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when in Length), as it would open a much nearer Com- warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom, be r ’" "r'* ‘ "now read.

Order being read accordingly;

House, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the* Chair of the Coen* mittee.

Mr- Speaker resumed the Chair.

31 r Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

Duties Bugles.

munication from the City, and Liberty of Westminster and the adjacent Parishes, to ljlington, and the great Northern and Essex Roads.

: Mr. Thomas Collier confirmed the whole of Mr. s

Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to

Worcester

Ejection.

Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in That they had come to several Resolutions; which they the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; had directed him to report, when the House will please and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to receive the lame. ’

to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead\Morning, and from St. Giles's Bound, to Kilbourn, to make a new

Road, from the great Northern Road at ljlington, to _ Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-the Edgware Road near Paddington, lb far as the same ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole

is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and House, to consider further of the Bill to disfranchise Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned and incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned, Acts; and for making a Road, from the said new from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parlia-Road near Queen's Row to Bagnigge W afh, and for ment, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in watching, lighting, and watering* the said Roads; And the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the that Mr. Penton znd Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare. Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County and bring in, the feme. of Dorset.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered . Sir Adam, Ftrguffon, a Member of the Select Com- to attend the said Committee Yesterday, do attend the mittee appointed to try -and determine the Merits of laid Committee upon Friday Morning next, the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of an)uildue Eiedion and Return for the City of Wor-eefter,'informed the House,-that he had received a

Letter, desiring him to acquaint the House, that John

Wkalter, Esquire, one other of the Members of the said

Shaftribury

Election.

Offices

and

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ±0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, -upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments;

Select. Committee, was ill in the Countiy, and was and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who

thereby prevented from attending Tomorrow on the have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-

feid Committee.. > tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving

Ordered, That the said Select Committee have Leave further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

-♦©-proceed, -To-morrow Morning, in the further Con- Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and

sideration of the said Petition, notwithstanding the Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted

Absence of the.feid Mr. Walter. to be stamped according to Law, or, having been

,damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have ^omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution -of Indentures of Clerks to AttornieS and Solicitors, be now read. ’

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee. 1

Plundering The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Stiipwredu. 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual

" punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons going " armed in Difguile, and doing injuries and Violences " to the Peffons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjectsj and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders " ro Justice," might he read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put>

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ’ Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to r.nd Mean*.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing

the inhuman Practice of plundering Ships that are fh ip- consider further of Ways and Means for raising the wrecked on the Coast of Great Britain, and for the Supply granted to His Majestypbe now read, further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts i And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

ing next, resolve itself into the & &mmittee

Ord*red3

Diaiti7pH h\/ CIooooIp

Supply.

Hindon

tfefUon.

Woolcr

lnciosure.

Soar River Navigation.

688 27 — 28-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, I'hat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr- Ehvestook the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not >being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning^, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 28° d Mar tit}

Anno 160 Georgii IIP11 Regis* 1776. Prayers.

SI R John Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor, called Wooler Common, in the Parish of Wooler, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45 th of April 1774, relative to Bills of lnciosure, had been complied with; an^l that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiQ, and foioiid the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates of about the Annual Value of £. 48. 10s. who nefufed to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Estates, belonging to Persons having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, are of the Annual Value of /.a,027, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment's thereunto, which they had..directed him to repeat to the Hodfe; and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for repealing Part of the said Act; and for making navigable Cuts, or Canals, from a certain Part of the said River at

-19° Martii. A. 1770.

Soar, which joins or communicates with a Piece at Parcel of Ground called Bijho , within the Liberty of Garenton, in the said County, near, up, at into. The Rushes, at Loughborough aforesaid, was read the-Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title* be, An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow, withm the* Liberty of Garenton, in the County of Letter; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal* from thence, near, or up, and into The Rushes at Loughborough, in the laid County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hung erf ord do carry the Bill to the Lojrds, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Goodricke prefeiyted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of aor Act., passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his said Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Roads from Selby to Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the said Road from Selby to Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, and alter*, ing, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elf don High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North-East Side of the River Reed, through,

Elfhatw, and Catcleugh, to Red Swyre, upon the

Mid Border betwixt England and , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdou, in the County of Northumberland, on the North-East Side of the River Reed, through , Etijhaw,

and Catcleugh, to The Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland,

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Chvering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Elwes presented to the House, according to Ordetv Bill for naturalizing Henry Laurence Zinck: And the feme was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till To-rnomwr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1,) ... t - -f " *! m*\ «-- «i — ji m*m nWH U

Veneris y 29* die Martii y

Anno 16* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Tern# and Powers of an Act, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to War-

" wick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from " Warwick to Stratford upon and from Coventry

" to Martyn s Gutter, leading towards Town;

" and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road

frodt

Selby, Road*. *

Elfdon.-tc

Road.

Ziack’t

Nat.

Leicester,

&c.

Road.

Salford

Charity,

IkerSttaling,

left le ford luclosure.

Horneck’s

P*vg/tc.

i 6 Geo. III.

29° Mdftii.

689

from Leicesterto Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of to dfflolvc the Marriage of Cfyr/es Hormck, Esquire,

" Leicesterlo tar as the same relates to the Hoad from with Sarah his now M ite; and to enable him

Coventry, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from to marry again; and for other Purpdfcs therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

That this House will, upon the

2.3d Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committed for repairing and widening the Road frdm Leicester of the whole House, upon the said Bill.-to Narborough, and from beictfter to Coventry, and rlhat it bd ah Inlfruftloti to the said GoncW from thence through Kenilworth td Warwickand mittfee, that they do heir Counsel, and examine Wtt-from thence to Halford Bridge^ and from Warwick Tifefles* for the 'fetid Bill j and also that they do he&x

to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to War- Courilel, artd Examine Witnesses,- against the said BH1> tyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and if the Patties concerned think fit to be heard by Coujl-

the said City of Coventry to Gutter, was read

the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act ((

leading

for supplying an Omission in an Act, paflbd irt the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road " from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zottck, in the Cdtlnty of " Leicesterfo far as the same relates to the Road from

Coventry, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn's Glitter.

Ordered, That Mr. Skip-wit h do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

lfel, of* produce Witnesses,

Mf- PrMlaild reported from the Committed to Whom the Bill for securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Cdvent G&den, applicable to charitable Uses j and for Other Purposoi* Waii committed; That the Committee had examined *he A-litigations of the Bill, and found the same to fee tvff at^ ^e Committee had gone through the Bill, ana. made several Amendments thereunto, which

fcovent barfsn ' Theatre; Decayed A Stars Fundi

itr

thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees of ceftalti _________________________

Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the they had directed him to report to the House; and County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

j nv delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Sl Where the Amendments were Once teid throughout; and then a Second Time, One by _ _ . One } and, upon the Question severally put thereupon*

Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases there- were agreed to by the House.

of. _ Ordered^ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton do carry the Bill to ingrbflecL the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue the Corporation of the Guardians Ifleof Wight frf the Poor within the of , and to confirm r’ the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation* and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members Of the fame; and to repeal an Act*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present be, An Act more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Majesty, intituled, "An Act for eltat>lishing a House Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes, made for "or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the the like Purpose. «« Reception* Maintenance, and Employment of the

Ordered, That Mr. George Venables Vernon do carry " Poor* belonging to the several Par}flies and Places the Bill to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence; within the said Island," Was read a Second Time.

ReThat the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whorh PPorjley, Mr. Sloane, &c.; And they are to meet tins e Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Afternoon* at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s

An ingrossed Bill more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose, was read the Third Time.

the

Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of Hertford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands in the said Parish, of the Annual Value of 30; and that the Whole of the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed are of the Annual Value of ft. 649. 9 s.id.-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppolc the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tables Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then _ w

a Second’Time, One by One; and, upon the Question widening and improving the Street opposite The -

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 Joule. change, between the Streets called Market Street Lane

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and; in widening and improving the

ingrossed. Street called Cateaton Street, and the Avenues to the

0 Bridge between and Salford, at both Ends

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of the said Bridge; in opening a Communication be-

Ohamber.

A Petititih of several of the Subscribers or Contrb b-utors to a Fund for widening, opening, and improving, certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the Town of Idanchester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That-a confidence Sum of Money hath been subscribed and paid in* for the Purpose of making Improvements in the Streets, Ways, ami Passages, of the lard Towii; and that a Petition hath already been presented, for a Bill for widening and improving the Streets, called the Old Mill Gate, and Mary’s

Cate, and for opening a new Street between The -change and Saint Ann's Square^ within the said Town

and that, by a Survey lately made, it is apprehended that there will be a considerable Pfttt of the Money subscribed remaining unapplied after the Improvements above mentioned shall be completed; and that it would be it further Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said T'own, and the Public, if the Remainder of the Money subscribed, or to be subscribed, might be laid out in

Manehefter

Street*

Vo Lf2$.

SN

tween

pgxy 290 Martii. . ' ^.1776.

tween the Streets called King Street artd Dean's Gate; and in opening the Passage between the High Street, and a Place called Shade Hill, in the said Town of Mane hefter; or in such of the said Improvements as the Remainder of the Money will extend to, or as shall be thought proper: And therefore praying, That Pro-vtuon may be made for the above-mentioned Purpol'cs, in the Bill prayed for by the said first-mentioned Petition, under and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for widening and improving the Streets called The Old Mill Gate and Saint Mary's Gate, in the 1'own of Mauchester; and for opening a new Street, between The Exchange and Saint Ann's Square, within the said Town, be brought in.

Cambridge Sir Matthew IVhlte Ridley presented to the House,

Inclosure. according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Cornmon Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, and Commons, Moors, -or Waste: Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Cor bridge, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bristol ~ Mr. Cruger reported from the Committee, to whom

Port> the Bill to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of B,by preventing the Landing large Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, for landing and storing the fame; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol} and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Mary Shute Adams, of Suffolk Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex, Spinster, as well for Jierself, as on Behalf of Catherine Adams, her Siller, a Minor, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Hill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then , a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Adjournment. Resolved,'That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn, till Monday Morning nexr.

Bedftone F«ny " An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

to explaining, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, of RoJd.ry die 26th of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Redstone Ferry, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for repealing to much of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Kuighlsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great in the said

County; and for putting the same under the Management of the Trullees for executing the said first-mcn-tioned Act; and for altering and diverting the Road from The Hundred House to Ferry, so as to communicate the same with the West Avenue of Stourport Bridge, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were feverafly propdfed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5, 1. <ti. To leave out the first " and, " and after " Giles" to inlert " James " Adams, William William

w Croydon, Thomas Harris, Henry " Hide, Edward Millward, the " Reverend Sand ford William -' . " combe, George Winton, Edward

" Wall, John

" chary, and John ."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Twenty-sixth of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Worcester', and for repealing so much of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great in the said County, and for putting the same under the Management of the Trullees for executing the said first-mentioned Act; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil Wray be added to the Gentle- Mulgrave men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a BiH, and pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Mulgrave, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

Lord of the Manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, in the Parishes of Lyth and Hinderwell, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Lands and Estates within the said Manors and Parishes, on Behalf of themselves and others.

Sir Cecil Wray presented to the House, according to Ditto. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, within the Parishes of Lyth and Hinderwell, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the lamd was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Me*nl to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Uoford and Mr.

Hen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act T.irdebing for rebuilding the Parish Church of Fardebigg, in the Church. Counties of Worcester and Warw; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Charlton Act for ascertaining the Landed Property, as well lnvU>iurc.

of

i£ Geo. III. 29’ Matte — 1 Aprils. ^9'

'JtsirST.S.SKt&'Z sf-

11 ' — -1- - L ' ’ ’ a^ - Y*ATftitii 4'lin

of the

VI . urc *»viv*w —

thcdral Church of Christ - and , the tHg/ea xyiury,„c uuaraians ot h« in^m ,.

Virgin at Worcester, as ot others, situate in the Hamlet make building and lmnmri^ bcifrT*- T

pi Charlton, in the Parish of Croptkorn, and County of and Premiseg8 IW Hf^he mS -catasA.-^tands

\Vorcester, and for dividing and inclosing the Open and County, of S? ufithe

----- and Other Commonable.Land, within Majes^, -Vl f^fnt fool'Hu

Barton

and

Martclecve

indoittic.

Uttmpton

ladosure.

\Vorcester, and for amu/ug KliU -,

Common Fields, and other Commonable. Land, within Majesty ^T'r^*Zu7'f 7T ? ——

the same Hamlet} without any Amendment: Arjd Money Fort f4u r Goomiatf*1 and toralfc also, ing fah l the Fia«a^. <sf

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aril pen ccs to attend tot . defeating the Ex-

dividing: and inclosing the Opep and Common ing T r^. . te. 7*.e granting such building and imfcrov-

' .....Of Hou'fe *kh the Urds tt*ConcZnc«=

AnH Vk'V^f Messengmwitlid«w;

Time. *' ^om the Lords, was read the Firffc

R^fol’Ued, That the Bill be read Second Time.

Hinksey

Indoiurc.

Brougham

lucloiurc.

Greenwich Hospital. p

for dividing and inciting the Opcp---.

Fields, and other -Commonable Lands in the Hamlfl(ts

of Bartqn and Martcleeve, in the Parish of Bidford, and

County of Warwick} without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have, agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, .

and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of An ine-rolfed Rill fiU hi- ,

Great and Little Hampton, in the County of Worcefief; to dissolve the intituled, Act-A^t

----- Amendment: And also, 7 with GrlVS^of Mot' Vhyfvc*

..... to 5" "f Wife-, Ht tq’enablehim

tione^as^i'a P'"'pof" therein meri‘

R That the r;h u ’ Refei-oed, , TW n;! £ committed.

of the whole House,& coalmittedto a Cortnnkterf

next/refbWeTtfetf!^^0/^6 wi!lj uP°n Morning

upon the said Rin at° a ^>mriuttee of the whole Htmfe,

Ordered Th I mittee, that fiL 1 j an Inllmftion to the find. Com-

tv. t j i , nesses, for the ? Counsel, and examine Wit-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cpunfel L? "4 B‘»; and also that they do hear

r veiling certain Estates, now held in Trull for the Be- if th* I*’ f- exan»ne Witness, aatinct the Gild Bill i

H or ^oZ?wZtJWm* h£Md b, COUn‘

aing ana mciuiui^ w~*----

and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of

ind 1 " - --f

without any aiucuuiuvi U d »«»\* — I

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey, otherwise Ferry Hinksey, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of , in the County of Westmorland; without any Amendment: And also.

Eliot*,

Drroree*

Boston Harbour.

for vetting certain Ettates, now held in Trust for the Be nefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots

Boftott

Streets.

TBe other Order of the Day being reaxi i c.

House resolved itfolf into a, Committee whole House, to consider further, of the Bill to distrwi-

„ . - , . , . — phife and incapacitate certain Peytons, t Herein tawiUoned,

conducting Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Port frona, voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parlia-of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and merit, and for preventing Bribery and CZ^orruption in the felting down Mooring-Posts, upon the Banks or High Election of Members to serve in Parliament* for the Marfoes, within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour Borough of Shafton otherwise Shaftc/Bury, in the County of the said Port, and for affixing and laying down of I^orfet

Bridges over the Creeks, upon the High Marshes, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

within and adjoining to the said Haven and Har- Mr. George Venables Vernon took the Chair of the

hour} and for preventing Mischiefe by Fire in the said Committee

Haven and Harbour} without any Amendment: And And the* Committee having been told; and Forty

iembers not being present i

"Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker; and Forty ^Members not being present \ and it being then after "Four of the Clock

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, tiU Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Shift dbury

Election.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of , in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein j without any Amendment: And also,

Lincoln H«Mh, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act See. for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in Roadv the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *" An Act for

" repairing and widening the Roads leading from 4‘ the East. Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of -

" borough, and from the East End of Marham JLane " to the Town of Walton, ,in the County of JSTorthampton, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town " of Cq/fterworth, and from Donninrton Hirh Bridge

" ,hc C"’/* % *he ot HacLby,

from the East End of a Lane called Hate Drove*

> to and through the Town of Old Sw»j to the End of Ling HedSe, m he Parish of qL, ,ngIo„. in

the County of Lincoln:" without any An..- _____-

And also,

Bnimintthorpi

tncloliue.

any Amendment

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An A<^ for dividing and mdoling the Open and Common T»^lcls and Commonable Grounds, within the Pnr'.ru ~c x-» — -/-

ingthorpe, in the County of Leiceft ment: And also,

1 fic Lords have passed a Bill i Vol. 3^. Ul» i

-- hliv/u

the Parish of icr > without any Ainen^*

intituled, An Act to

Luna, i° die Aprilis;

Anno 16° Georgii IIP11 Regis, t7?6,

P a A Y EX s.

JLTENRY LawrenceZinck took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization,

The House was moved, That the Petition of fevetal of the Subscribers or Contributors to a Fund for widening, opening, and improving, certain Streets, Ways, and Passages in the Town of Manchtyla, which Wjis presented to the House upon Friday last; and aTo, the Order for the said Petition to lie upon the ( able, until the Bill for widening and improving the Streets called The Old Mill Gate and Saint Mary's , in the Town of Manchester; and for opening a new Street between The Exchange and Ann's Square,

within

Manchester

Streets.

6p$

Aprilis.

A. 1776.

within the find Town, be brought in, migtit be again read.

And the same being Tead accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: -And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to diem, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Bee.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Hecords.

Woofer An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, Inclosure. or Moor, called fVooler Common, in the Parish of Wooler,

I in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third

Time.

Refohed1, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An AO. for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor, called Wooler Common, in the Parish of Wooler, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of by preventing

-the Landing large Quantities of Timber, Deals, Staves, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, and other Lumber, on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places, in the Parish of Clifton, in the County of Gloucester, for landing and storing the fame, and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire within the said Port of Bristol, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third 'Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the Landing certain Commodities on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places for landing and storing the fame; and for regulating the said Quay, and the lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Diiniel Lafceltes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed bill for feeuring a Fund; belonging to Cov«u Gar.i,n certain Perlbtis of the Theatre Royal; Covent Garden, applicable to charitable Uses; and for otlfer Purposes, was and read the Third Time.

Rcfo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for feeuring a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Convent; applicable to charitable Lies; and for other Purposes;

Ordered, That Mr. Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bristol

Port.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Hertford, was read the 'Third Time.

Refolded That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing five Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the 'Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of

York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil IVray do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ickleford

Induiure.

Ibbctfon’s

Estate.

Stainbumc 11c loft ire.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir James Ibbetson, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale; and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Waste and Common Grounds in the Townlliip of Stainburne, in the Parish of Kirkby blow, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, inclosing, anti improving, the Waste and Common Grounds in the Towijiship of Stainbumc, in the Parish of Kirkby Overblow, in the County of York.

Sutton upon Derwent 1 ttciofure.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within the several Townships of Westness, and Nunnington, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the 'Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act; for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within the several Townships of Stouegrave, Westness, and Nmtftngton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil IVray do carry tive Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert James Clay Roujby, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting, a Petition of Christopher Sykes, Esquire, for Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing and fencing certain Lands in the Parish of Sledmire, and for other Purposes j and letting forth, That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Croom, and Owner and Proprietor of all the Lands and Grounds (containing 1,500 Acres and upwards) in the Township of Croom, which is within the lard Parish of Sledmire, and Ires contiguous to, and in a great measure adjoining on, the Lands and Grounds mentioned in the Petition of the said Christopher Sykes; and that, within the said Parish of Sledmire, there arc certain Waste lands and Grounds compiled in the find Petition; and there is, and for Time immemorial hath been, and of Right ought to be, in those Waste Lands and Grounds, a certain Well or Wells, and Springs of Water, from which the Petitioner, and his Tenants, Servants, and labourers, have a Right to take Water, with or without Carriages and Horses, in and through the present Roads lying open thereto, and they now enjoy such Right; and the Petitioner’s Estate being situate in a high Wold Country, and up ^1 which he is now

erecting

Nunnington#

Ac.

Inclosure.

Sykes’

Mortgage

on

Slrd'nine

Inclosure.

r

o

69$

erecting several Cottages and Buildingsj the same is of and Annoyances therein, and fot widening

great Use and Benefit thereto; and that the Parish and rendering the same more commodious, and of several

Church of Slrdmire, to which the Petitioner and all the 'other Persons Inhabitants of the mid I own, was referred;

Inhabitants of the lownship of Crcom aforesaid resort, is That the Committee had examined the Matter of the

situate near the Mansion-House of the laid Christopher said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame*

Sykes, and the common and immemorial Carriage Hoad as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the thereto lvath been for feme Time illegally (topped up and Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the interrupted, and the said Christopher Sykes continues the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-feme inclosed, lb that the Petitioner and his Tenants have loweth , lit.

not the Ule thereof; but, since such Interruption, the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said laid Christopher Sykes, and those under whom he claims, A«£t was read: And,

as the Petitioner believes, have permitted another Hoad, ]VIr. George Forbes, being examined, laid, He is well much more inconvenient, and at a greater Distance, to acquainted with Ports>nouth\ that it is not properly lighted be used to and from the said Church; and that such and watched, and that it would be a great Convenience interrupted Hoad, and divers public Hoads to the City to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to all Persons and Market Towns of York, Malton, and Driffield, and retorting thereto, if a sufficient Number of Lamps were other Places, and the only Roads which the Petitioner, erected for lighting the said Town, and a regulrir and his Tenants, and the Public in general formerly Nightly Watch was established therein. — And he added, used, and also a certain Pond, at which the Petitioner "lhat the said Act for paving and other Purposes Jias claims a Right to water Cattle for himself and his Te- been found in some respects to want Amendment and nants, are now inclosed with and lie in and over the Alteration.

Lands of the said Petitioner l'o alledged to be inclosed; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for and the Roads now used, instead of those which of Right lighting and watching the Town of Poftfr.outh, in the ought to he used, in and over the said Inclosures, are at County of Southampton-, and for explaining and amending a greater Distance, and much more inconvenient, than an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of iiis present Olathe former Roads were, and such Alterations and Inter- jesty’s Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the ruptions have from time to time been made for the Streets, and other public Passages in the said Town, Beautifying and Improvement of the Estate belonging and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, to the said Christopher Sykes, to the Prejudice of the Peti- and for widening and rendering the same more comma-

tioner and the Public in general; and that the Petitioner, dious: And that \Jr. and Mr. do pre-

upon Application to and Assurances from the said Mr. pare, and bring in, the lame.

Sykes that the same should be redrelfed, has hitherto, for

that Reafoh only, refrained trying the same at a Court of Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to, Tewkefo

Justice, which he would otherwise have done; and that, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ.

contrary to the Rules and Regulations of the House, the the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parha,

said Christopher Sykes hath not given such Notice upon ment for the Borough of in the County of

the Door of the Parish Church of Sledmireaforesaid, as Gloucejlin the room of Joseph A'lertin, Esquire,

is thereby required, of his intended Application to Par- deceased.

liament; and notwithstanding such Assurances, he is,

as the Petitioner is informed, proceeding to obtain a \Tr. fVilbraham Bootle reported from t: lie Committee, Chestq.

Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and hath llaked out new to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Mailers Port<

Roads in and over the Lands mentioned in the said of Vessels, and others, residing within the Port and City Petition, from which the Petitioner apprehends his of was referred; That the Committee had exa*

Rights will he materially affected and injured, if not mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed totally l'upcrfeded, \vitl\out the Aid and Assistance of him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

the House; and although the Petitioner hath applied House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after-

to the said Christopher Sykes and his Agents for a Copy wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

of the intended Bill, he hath not yet received the lame, same was read; and is as followeth; viz. and doth not know who are to be the Commissioners To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. therein; and that, as no such Notice of any intended yohn Matthews, being examined, laid, That he had Application to Parliament hath been given, and as the navigated a Vessel between Dublin and Chester Forty said Bill, when presented, may contain Clauses preju- Years; that he knows the Port of Chester perfectly dicial to the Petitioner’s Interest, with which he cannot well; that a very considerable I rade is carried on from

yet be acquainted: Therefore praying, that the said Bill it to foreign Parts, and Coaltwile; and that several

may not, for the Reasons aforesaid, pass into a Law Vessels, as well as His Majesty’s Yacht, are constantly

during the present Session of Parliament, and that the employed iri conveying the Nobility, Gentry, and others,

Petitioner may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, between £nghmd and Ireland. — -That many Accidents

against such Parts thereof (if the same should be pro- have happened to Vessels navigating into*and out of the ceeded in) as shall concern or affect the Petitioner’s said Port, by which a great Number of Lives, and very Rights, F.fhite, or Interest, or which may preclude him. considerable Property, have been loll; that the erecting from trying the Validity of the (amc (it questioned) at cf proper Eighthouses, Buoys, and Landmarks, within Law; and that he may have a reasonable Time allowed the Port, and on the Banks and Shoals leading into tire him to support the fame, and such further and ot her fame, would tend to prevent such Misfortunes and Ac-Relicf in the Premises, as to the House shall teem cidents in future; and that if the Pilots were put under meet. - proper Regulations, and the Rates lor Pilotage and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, towing Vessels to and from the City of Chester, were until a Bill be brought iift pursuantto the Prayer of rive ascertained and settled, it would be of great Benefit to Petition of Christopher Sykes, Esquire, on Behalf of hitn- the Trade of the Port, and of general Convenience and self, and of Mark Sffces, his eldest Son, an Infant of the Utility.

S;rce:». (he Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- dence.

cution an Act for the better paving and Cleansing the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Streets, and other public Paffatres. in the Town of Ports-for erecting Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near

Trrtfiriouth Mr. Tas lor reported from t he Committee, to whom well, and confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evi-

Agc of Four Yeafs or thereabouts.

Mr. Stephen Rider, being examined, laid, he had been bred to the Sea, knows the Port of Chester perfectly

Chudleigh

Bridge

thro’

burton

Road.

Zinck’s

Nat.

Crowcombe

lndofure*

Killingholrre

lndofure.

Weedon Beck lndofure.

694 1* Aprilis. A. 1775.

Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or

tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester, Orde, That the Report from the Committee of Duw*

and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respect the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider B tively; And that Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Grosvenor, of allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Mr. Salusbury Brereton, Mr. Pennant, and Mr. Conolly, Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles, when ware* do prepare, and bring in, the lame. housed, upon Importation into this Kingdom, be now

received.

Mr. Boone reported from the Committee, to whom Sir Whitworth accordingly reported from the

the Bill for continuing the Term of Act, made in laid Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee the 28th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for had directed him to report to the House; which he repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent followeth; viz.

Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and for altering and amending the said Act; and That the Time allowed by Law, for the Exportation also for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of> or Payment of the Duties upon. Bugles, when made in the First Year of the Reign of His present warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom,

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from be enlarged.

Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Ashburton, to Newton Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Buftiell, and from thenco to Forche's, otherwise Forger's,. That the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs be Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of empowered to cancel and destroy all Bonds relative to Devon; and for empowering the Trustees for putting that Revenue (except Bonds for Duties, and for the the last mentioned Act in Execution, to repair the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Road from Forche's, otherwise Forger's, Cross, aforesaid, Duty) upon which no Prosecutions have been had for through the Parishes of ‘Tingraze and Ilftngton, to the the Space of Five Years.

Town of South Bovey, in the said County, was com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- That the Duties now payable upon the Importation of gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Feather Beds, old or new, do cease, determine, and be and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and no longer paid.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had RefoThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, directed him to report to the House; and he read the That, in lieu and instead of the said Duty, the same Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Duty be laid upon all Feather Beds imported into this with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Kingdom, as are payable upon the Importation of the Amendments were Once read throughout; and Feathers for Beds.

then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the House. agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, -with the Amendments, be Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon ingrossed. the said Resolutions: And That Sir Charles Whitworth,

the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord

A Bill for naturalizing Henry Laurence Zinck, was Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. read a Second Time. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Rob inf on,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Poof

ber. obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Returns.

Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and called England, which are not under the Provisions of uncultivated Lands and Tiafts of Waste Ground, special Acts of Parliament, to make Returns upon Oath called Crowcombe Heathfield, and Heddon, and Par- to certain Questions, to be specified in the Bill, relative to cel of Quantock Hills, within the Parish of Crow- the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the

combe, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions Time. and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, England and to take such Returns upon Oath,

Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this After- and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- House of Commons: And that Mr. Gilbert and Sir ber. Walden Hanmer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Sir George Savile presented to the House, according: Cawood

Lands, and Grounds, within the Lordships and Parish to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open} of South and North Killingholme, in the County of Lin-Common Fields, Wolds, and Average Grounds, Ings, Indofu£ coin, was read a Second Time. Marshes, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes of Brownlow Bertie, Lord Robert Bertie, &c.: And they Cawoodand Wiftow, in the County of York: And the are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in same was received; and read the First Time, the Speaker’s Chamber. . Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Transpomtwaj

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Punishment Bill Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- by hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes oc dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are now liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s PaaiOnwrah of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck, Colonies and Plantations: And that the Lord North,- .1, r wijfrin the Parish and Liberties of Weedon Beck, in the

Conaty of Northampton: And the feme was received; General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Hugh PaUifcr, and; and read the First Time. Sir Grey Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

k- v r4 Mr.

16 Geo. HI*

prills.

695

Account; fciavv Bills.

D from the Commissioners for executing ’f of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

the Office o g rfuant so their Orderj

presented to Victualling, and Transport

,776.

S" »hichyet remain unpaid; distmgu.lh.ng Ihe hums

made out in each Month.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the IHouse.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Owen*

Estates.

Mafom*

Wage*.

reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within ‘The General Valliet; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Traders, Owners and Masters of Vessels, and others. Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of , on Behalf of themselves and °ther Iinhabitants of the said Town and Port; and alfi» the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands An inprossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lying along the River Stour, from the City of Canter-for veS Part of the Estates devised by the Will of W.to Fordwich Bridge, in the County of Kent, and Sarah Owen, Spinster, deceased, in the Counties of SalopLimits of the Commission of Sewers for the and Montgomery, in Trustees, so be fold; and for laying , Par*s favd c°unty, were severally referred #

out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of he Committee had heard the first-mentioned.

- ' ’ " *" Petitioners by their Agents, and had considered the said

teond-ranUoned Petition> and that the Committee examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had aroyiS^ the Bill, and made several Amendments tl r<u*' <J- ^lch they had directed him to report to afferwarH^ \ rea<* the Report in his Place; and.

at clerktS ‘ m'1, "

A l where the Report was read,

vciiu 1 cnuns wnuit iiatuw aiK. ttivivu.. *-' — " — > rpnrtrtf-rl ^lnS taken, that the Chairman had not

being Journeymen in the Trade or Bufinefe of Masons, - 10 the House how far the Parties concerned

Sandwich

Drain»6

Out the ivioncy tuning,) ,

other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read a

Second Time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Skip-wit h, Mr. Marsham, be.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

within the Cities of London and estminster and Liberties thereof, as well on Behalf of themselves as of all other Journeymen of the same Trade within the said Cities and Liberties, which was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Hindon

Election.

Shaftesbury

Election.

That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve m Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to

CoU«"y 0fwST’ BOr°Ugh i " the

to MKndJ.’J'S ‘r fevmt Persons were oxtered

lufnri m hc-A n Comittee upon last,. do

attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Wwkftffe IhHnthiS ?°tufe Twill> uP°n this- Ray Three Weeks, the aid Day of this Instant April, resolve itself

Committee of the whni* I ve *lt

confi^r

S^nSntno7 C?nftn* "> «» KB. 10 lhe

Standing Orders of the House

p Jr^fcr€ 1^lat t^le feid Bill be recommitted, for the °ny.of cxamining how far the Parties concerned have given their Consent to the Bill.

p rt*eredy That the said Bill be re-committed to the

ommitt^c, to whom the same was committed.

A. Nfcflage from the Lords, by.Mr and

Mr. singutjh:

vlr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intit \x led, An Act for veiling a Leasehold Messuage, in Grosvenor Square, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the TV ill of Edward Hudge, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rudge’*

Will.

lnt°. a of the whole House,

further of the Bill to disfranchise and

to

tain Persons, therein mentVn^111/nUU lr!caPaatate ter-of MembraEleftionrs Bnbcry and Corruption in tJe Elea "

to serve in Parliament for the

preventi»g

Rect.°n Mem.t>ers ’ReportL-and Resolutions of this House, relating to the

oropgh of Shaft on, Imprest Accomptants, the Public Debts, the Arrears

in tW County rfT ,of Ordered, That the several P.rc J 0t .^r/el.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motions posed, That there be laid before this House, an Efti- respeding the triate of the probable Expence of His Majesty’s Navy Public for the presentYear, distinguished under proper Heads, fixpcndlturc* -upon the Services voted by this House i shewing also how fer the said Expence may probably exceed, or fall short of, the turns'1 already voted for these Serviles* as also an Estimate of the probable Expence of Transports and Victualling, during the present Y^r *,

The Hloufe was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of- the Hdufe, of the 31st Day of May 1711, of the Heport from the Committee appointed to draw up a Reptefentatiofi, to be made to her Majesty, upon die Reports -and Resolutions of this House, relating to- the

several Person/ for Jd.of Taxes, the Abuses of the Victualling Office, the

> who were ordered bringing over the Palatines, and the Charter imposed

2 2d Day of this Instant

Electioi

ns.

to attend the said Committee upon F "1 "w," --------- u o,

the said Committee upon this^D -iL a^» do at tend upon the Corporation of Bewdley, in the County of

sent April. ^i‘lree Weeks, the ~ fVoreefler, might be read.

And the feme was read accordingly.

' Then the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the probable Expence of His Majesty’s Navy for the present Year, distinguished under proper Heads, upon the Sendees voted by this House j shewing also how far the said

Expence may probably exceed or fell Ihert of the

Sum*

Resolved, That this House will 1

23d Day of this Instant April refill P,°n mittee of the whole IIoul/ torn cllUelf into a C tual Method of securing the * V ° \ a more

Members to serve in Parliament reed°m of Elections of

VOL. 2r. UU

the Com-etfoc-

v

696 i* — 2° 1776.

Motion 1 Suras already voted for these Sendees; as also an Estimate

relpcding of the probable Expence of Transports and Victualling ‘J* during the present Year;

Expenditure. lt Passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an Estimate of the probable Amount of extraordinary Sendees, likely to be incurred by His Majesty’s Land Forces, in One Year, from March 9, 1775, be prepared, and laid before this House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an* Estimate of the probable Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Sendee, during the present \rear, over and above the Provision already made in this Session of Parliament, be prepared, and laid before this House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears to this House, that the Supplies already voted in this Session amount to the Sum of £. 6,157,000, or thereabouts, exclusive of several other Services as yet unprovided for:

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Office* Weeks, the 22d Day of this Instant , relblve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the p Jrman

Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments} and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 19th Wit* Day of this Instant April, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it is the Opinion of this House, that the Expences of the Navy, for the Year 1776, may probably exceed tire Provisions hitherto made by Parliament, to the Amount of £. 2,500,000;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That is the Opinion of this House, that the Extrar ordinaries of the I^nd Forces, for One Year, from March 9, 1775, may probably amount to the Sum of

2,500,000;

It passed in tire Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it is the Opinion of this House, that the Expences of the Office of Ordnance, for Land. Service, for the Year 1776, may probably exceed the Provisions hitherto made in this Session, by the Sum of £.300,000.;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, that there are Exchequer Bills outstanding, to the Amount of £. 1,250,000 principal Money charged upon the First Aids of this Session, for which no Provision has yet been made}

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday the 19th Supply. Day of this Instant April, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mrs. Mary Gardner do, Tomorrow WTttnms* Morhing, attend the Committee of the whole House, Divorce to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas w'ith Ann Lantware, his now Wife; and to enable him. to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenny do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Tat lock do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Lucas do Attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Tarriano do attend the said Com- xnittee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

E>fed, That it appears to thi$ House, that the Navy ebt, on the 31st of December last, amounted, by Efti-: mate, to the Sum of £. 2,698,000, or thereabouts;

And the previous. Question being put. That that,

Question be nowrput; , Anna r6# Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1776.

, It passed in the Negative. . t.

Martisj 2° die Aprilis \ -

- A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- 1 RA'ERS- 1 "

posed. That it is the Opinion of this House, that, for 1 S)RD ERE D, That the Order of the Day, for the the better Security of public Credit, it would be pro- House to relblve itself into a Committee of the DiVoroc.

:per to provide for the Navy, Victualling, and Transport whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

IBtlls, outstanding on the 29th of February 1776, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Eliot, amounting to the principal Sum of £. 2,308,000, or . Doctor in Physic, with Grace , his now Wife;

thereabouts (exclusive ot Interest already due), or at and to enable him to marry again; and for other Pu-r-le.act for such Part of the said Bills as do a' poles therein mentioned, be now read,

carryJntereftatjouj pgr Cent.: And the fad O/ou being read accordingly} ‘ -

Adjonrriment.

Mariners

and

Seamen.

t)orchester

Streets.

Soar River Navigation.

Camberwell and Peckham N ightly Watch,&c.

Stourbridge

Canal.

T^udley

Canal.

16 Geo. III. 2*

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chaytcr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chaytor reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor do carry the Bill to thb Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursduy Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant April.

bridge Navigation, at a Place called Black upon

Reffnet Chace, in the Pari Hi of in the County of Stafford;without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elf Jon High Croft, near the Town of Elf don, in the County of Northumberland, on the North East Side of the River Reed through Over acres, and Cat-

cleugk, to The Red Sivire, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland; without any Amendment: And allb,

’Th.e l ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, apportioning, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the A^anor and Parish of Nettleham, in the County of Lincoln', without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Browning, and Mr. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Angttifk: Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors,

Mr. Speaker, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill} intituled, An Act Mand Seaton, within the Parishes of Lyth and for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve Hin the North Riding of the County of York^ in His Majesty’s Ships of War> and on board Merchant was read a Second Time.

Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels; without any Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil Amendment: And also, ldr , Mr. Buller, See.: And they are to meet this

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Chamber.

Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the

Tything of Colliton Row, in the Town of Dorchester

aforesaid; for paving the Footways, and repairing certain Horseways, of such Parts thereof a6 are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways, and repairing the Horse-ways, of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings here-1-after to be erected in the said Borough and Tything from being thatched; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River

Trent to Bishop'sMeadow, within the Liberty of Garen-

ton, in the County of Leicester-, and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from thence, near or up, and into The Russes at Loughborough, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AdL for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing

a Foot Pat role between Peckham and Blackman Street,

in the Borough of Southwark: without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining -a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshireand Worcestershire Devon, through the Town and Borough of Affiburton, to Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said

A Bill for discharging certain Lands, in the Lordship of THy/t Peak, in the County of , from the Payment of a Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds a Year, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cecil IVray Sir George Savile, See. And they are to meet this J Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act nafTed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majestv King George the Second, for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his said Majesty, for repairing and emerging the Roads from Selby to Land other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the fad Road from Sctp o anti also for repairing-the Road from to

Halm Dal, in the West Biding of the County of hrk,

was read a Second Tiriie. , c, ~ ,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Goodricke, Sir Cecil Wray, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of his fate Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge, in the Parish of Hennoek, in the County of

and also Two collateral Cuts, One from a Place called The Fens, upon Penfiet Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of H^ordefley Brook with the River Stour-, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, within and trom certain Linds belonging to Thomas T'albot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of If orceffer, to join and-communicate vrith the Slow*

Vol.

County, and for altering and amending the said Act; and also for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Travellers Rest, in the Parish of Affiburton, to Newton Bufliell, and from thence to Forche's, otherwise Forger's, Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of Dram-, and for empowering the Trustees for putting the last-men--tioned Act in Execution, to repair the Road from Forche's, otherwise Forger's, Cross aforesaid, through the Parishes of Tingraze and Ilftngto the Town of South Bovey, in the said County, was read the Third lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 8 P be,

Elfdoa

See.

Road.

Nettlchjim

Inclosutc.

Mulgrave

and

Seaton

Inclosrire.

Coiintefs

of

Mafia reene’s Estate.

Selby, &c. Roadi.

Chndlelgh

Bridge,

thro’

Ashburton,

Road.

Royal Assent

to

Bills.

698 2° Apritis. . 1776.

be. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two lbvcral Acts of Parliament, respeaing Roads near the Borough of A in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Boone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from llis Majesty, by Sir Francis tteux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned *

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended . His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following;

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to l'erve in His Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels:

An Act for vesting certain Estates, now held in Trull for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors

of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majesty’s Letters Patent:

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into, and out of, the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln-, and for affixing and setting down Mooring-Pods upon the Banks or High Marshes within, or adjoining to, the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marshes within, or adjoining to, the said Haven and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour:

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Bojion, in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions, therein:

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Tar debigg, in the Counties of Worcester and;

An Act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other public Paffhges, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tything of Co/lilon Roiv, in the Town of ter aforesaid; for paving the Footways, and repairing certain Horseways of l'uch Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways, and repairing the Horleways of l'uch Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Ty thing, from being thatched:

An Act for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Beckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between and

Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark:

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford-, and all'o Two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens, upon Benjnct Chace, to communicate with the intended Canal, near the Junction of Wordesley Brook with the River Stour, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut, at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of in the said

County of Stafford:

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable

19

Canal, within and from certain Lands belonging tq Thomas Tasbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation at a Place called Black Delph, upon PenfnetChace, in the Parish of King-fwinford, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty of Garenton, in the County of Leicester; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut, or Canal, from thence, near or up, and into The Rujhes at Loughborough, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading " from the Eall Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of " Peterborough, and from the Eall End of Marham

" Lane to the Town of IValt on, in the County of

" Northampton, and from the Town of Bourn to the

" Town of Colfierworth, and from High

" Bridge to The Cross Post, in the Parish of Hacconby, " and from the Eall End of a Lane called Hale " Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, " to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Etfdon High Cross, near the Town of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North Fall Side of the River Reed, through Overacres, and

Catcleugh, to The Red Swyre, upon The Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland:

An Act for vesting several detached Parts of the settled Estates of Sir James Baronet, in Truf-

tees, to be sold, and for the Application of the Money to aril'c by l'uch Sale, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for empowering Richard , E (quire, the surviving Trustee named in the Will of Mary Arnold, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Al-signs, to make Sale of a certain Copyhold Messuage or Tenement at Hampstead, in the County of with the Appurtenances, and the Houshold Goods and Furniture thereunto belonging, vested in him by the said Will, upon certain Trulls therein expressed; and to invell the Money, to arile by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands or Tenements, to be settled in like Manner;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parishes and Liberties of Hartwell and Stone, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for ascertaining the Landed Property, as well of the Reverend the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ and The Blessed Mary the Virgin at Worcester, as of others, situate in the Hamlet

of Charlton, in the Parish of Cropthorn, in the County of Worcester; and for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, within the same Hamlet:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Hamlets of Barton and Martcleeve, in the Parish of Bidford, and County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the County of fVorcester:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of North Hinksey, otherwise Ferry Hinksey, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Vestrr.oriand:

An

Rudge’s

Will.

tone? Weston

Inclosure.

Zi nek's Nat.

Bowden

Liclosure.

16 Geo. III. 2° Apri/ix " 699

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Amendments, at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Common Fields, and Commonable Grounds, within Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a the Parish of Bruntingthorpe, in flie County of Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Lekester: {everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I (ouie.

An Act for dividing, apportioning, and inclosing, the Ordered* I hat the Pill, with the Amendments, be Open and Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and ingi oded.

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Nettle-

ham, in the County of Lincoln. Ordered, That Mr. do carry to the Lords, M^'uOn's

the ingrossed Bill from the L.ords, intituled, An Act Na:‘

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen; and acquaint for veiling a Leasehold Messuage, in Grosvenor Square, their Lordtlups, that this House hath agreed to the fame, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the without any Amendment;

County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of Edwatd

Rudge, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and Order, That Mr. do carry to the Lords, DeMorfiet' other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Jirll Time. naturalizing John Alexander dc Mor fur; and acquaint

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. their Lord Qiips, that this House hath agreed to the

lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Staunton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, of the Common Fields, Half-Year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breaches, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coney Weston, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confeat to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the Annual Value of f. 48, who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and also except the Owner of Land of about the Annual Value of ior. but who has no Right of Common; and that the whole Property in the Lands to be inclosed is of the Annual Value of £. 590, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Ehvss reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Lawrence Zinck was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That ,the Committee

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April, 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee lud examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit-mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Vol. 35.

Sir PPa/den Hammer presented to the House, ac- po0r cording to Order, a Bill for obliging the Overseers of Returns; the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called , which are

not under the Provisions of special Acts of Parliament, to make Xieturns upon Oath to certain Questions, to be specified in the Bill, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and jurilclic-tions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and H ales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons; And the same was received; and read the First 'Lime.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

M r. Lifer reported from the Committee, to whom M*ucbtftor the Petition of several of the Subscribers or Contribu- Street*, tors to a Fund for widening, opening, and improving, certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the down of IVlanchester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the* Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same was read; and is as followeth; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Wright, being examined, feid, That a considerable Sum of Money has been subscribed and pad for the making of Improvements in the I own 01 JVTanchester, for which Purpose a Petition was feme Time ago presented, for a Bill for widening and improving certain Streets therein mentioned; mat by a late Survey it appears, that there will be a considerable Sum of Money left after the Improvements mentioned in the said Petition are made; and that it would be a further Advantage and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and to the Public, if the Remainder of the Money, so subscribed, or to be subscribed, might be laid out in widening and improving the Street opposite The between

the Streets called Market Street Lane and St. Marx's Gate, m widening and improving the Street called Cat eat on Street, and the Avenues to the Bridge, be-' tween Manchester and Salford, at both Ends of the said Bridge, in opening a Communication between the Streets called King Street and Dean's Gate, and in opening the Passage between the High Street and a Place called Shnde Hill, in the said Town of

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for widening and improving the Streets called 'the Old Mill Gate and Saint Gate, in the Town

of Manchester; and for opening a new Street, between dhe Exchange and Saint Ann’s Square, within the said Town i that they do make Provision in the said Billy

for

700 2° AprA. 1776".

For widening and improving the Street opposite Exchange, between Market Street Lane, and Saint Mary's Gate, and likewise Street, and the

Avenues to Saiford Bridge, and the Passage between High Street and Shade Hill-, and for opening a new Street, between King's Street and Dean's Gate, in Manchester aforesaid.

Portsmomh Mr. Taylor presented to the House, according to

Streets. Order, a Bill for lighting and watching the Town of

Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an Act:, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving, and cleansing, the Streets and other public Paf-lages in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mancheflrr Mr. Lifter presented to the House, according to Order, Streets. a Bill for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester, and for opening new Streets or Passages within the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Halifax, A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, &n- and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

small Debts, being Inhabitants of the Parishes of Almondbury anti Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application has been made, for a Bill to establish a Court for the Recovery of Debts under Forty Shillings, within the several Vicarages and Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bing Guiflcy, Bailey,

Birjlal, Mirfield, Hartshead cum Clifton, and the Lordship of Tong in the West Riding of the County of York; and that the Petitioners are sensible that great Utility and Advantage will accrue to Trade in general, and to the said several Parishes in particular, from the passing of such a Bill: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, and that the Parishes of Almondbury and Kirkheaton may be included therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westminster A Petition of the Commissioners for carrying into Streets. Execution the several Acts for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of

minster, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending, for remedying feme Defeats in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of W and Parts adjacent; and that an Act was palfed in the 5th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, empowering the Commissioners for putting the said Acts in Execution, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays, upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts , and that, pursuant to a Power in the said Act, the Commissioners have borrowed the Sum of f.35,000 on the Credit of the said Tolls, which now remains unpaid; and that a considerable Surplus has arisen from the livid Sunday Toll, after paying the Interest of the said Principal Sum, which the Petitioners are desirous or applying towards paying off the said Principal Debt, but they apprehend they are not empowered by the said Act lo to do, as they cannot compel any Creditor to take any lets Sum than the Whole of what he has advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls; and that it would tend to enable the Petitioners more effectually to fulfil the Purposes of the said Acts, if the 'Perm for which the said 'lolls were granted, was further continued: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to enlarge the Term of the said Act, and to empotver the Petitioners to apply the Surplus of the said Sunday 1 oil towards discharging the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, under such Regulations as the I louse shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Salisbury Brereton, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Thursday Fortnight, the 18th Dly of this Instant April, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ImpnruioB 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- ol Coru-tituled, " An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, the 22d Day of this Instant April, resolve jtlelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lb much of the said Act as relates to the Ports and Places into which Corn and Grain may be imported and landed, without Payment of the Duties.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Tra"rr°,t*>"» to Order, a Bill to authorize, for a Time to be li- for changing mited, the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders, that who for certain Crimes are now liable to be transported PuuiQuneot, to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tirpe.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- CorbrW®e mon Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Failures, and hidofure. Commons, Moors, or Wafce Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corbridge, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew JV kite Ridley, Sir George Savile &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill, Scotch to declare His Majesty’s natural born Subjects inherita- n»,ur.al t*jr* ble to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or n*.'* collateral, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens:

And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Adam Sir Gilbert Elliot, and Mr. Cofno Gordon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Box, (from the WchninSer Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City of Westminster) attended at the Door, he was called in: and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direc tions of an Act of Parliament,

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament, made in the 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th and, 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Square?, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of and Parts adjacent, from the 3d Day of January 1773 to the 2d Day of January 1776, both inclusive; alto

an

t6 Geo. III. tf — iS°^4p

tm Account of all Contracts and Agreements made by the said Commissioners, from the 3d Day of January 1775 to the 2d Day of January 1776, both inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Zinck’s A Motion being made, That the Bill for natural iz-Nat- ing Henry Laurence , be now read the Third Time;

And the House being informed, That the said Mr. Zinck is a Merchant in great Trade at and

that the Situation of his Affairs makes his immediate Return necessary, and that it would be inconvenient to him to be detained in Town during the approaching Recess of Parliament;

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the above Circumstances, the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill, being ingrossed, was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Henry Laurence Zinck.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow T hree Weeks, the 24th Day of this Instant April, rclcrlvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the 24th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered That Mr. Elites have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An to enable William Clayton, Esquire, during his Life, and the Guardians of his Infant Children after his Decease, to make building and improving Leases of certain Lands and Premises, Part of the Manor of Kennington, in the County of Surrey, held by Letters Patent from His Majesty, as Part of the Duchy of Cornzvni/y and to raise Money for Payment of the Fines and Expences of renewing the said Letters Patent, and for defraying the Expences to attend the granting such building and improving Leases, was read a Second Time.

Refobued, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Elwes, Mr. Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Williams’s

Divorce.

Stanwix

thro*

Longtown

Road.

Hindoo

Election.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of 7‘homes Williams with Ann , his

now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for — other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Feilde took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feilde reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Sill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Feilde do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed, to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at , in

the County of Cumberland, through Longtown, to T'he Scotch Dyk, in the said County, towards,

and also the Road leading from Longtown aforesaid to the Bridge over Sark Beek, in the same County, towards Port Patrick, is committed.

The other Order of the Day being read j The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve' in Parliament, for the Borough of Hi>iJon, in the County of Wilts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Elwes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progrets in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 35.

And then the House adjourned till Fortnight, the 18th Day of this Instant Ten

of the Clock in the Morning.

yovis, 18® die difrilis;

Anno l6* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant kJ to t},e Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Norfolk, in the room of Penman Coke, Esquire, deceased.

Mr John Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Reids, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of lfton> in the County of Monmouth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Laurence Zinck-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the Landing certain Commodities on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places for landing and storing the feme; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving,

8 Q. cloanfing.

Clayton’s Leafing Bill*

Norfolk

Writ.

Ifiron

Inclosure.

Zinck’s

Nat.

Bristol

Port.

Brecknock

Streets.

Covent Carden Theatre; Decayed A dors

Fund.

Redstone Ferry to

Tenbory

Road.

Leicester,

&c.

Roads.

Sutton-upon

Derwent

Iucioiure.

Stainburne J nclolurc.

Kunnington,

&c.

IiKlcfure.

WooVr

Inclosure.

lckleford

Inclosure.

I.iardci’s

Patent.

Sterne’s

Will.

702 18° Apr 1776.

cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there; and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Tallages; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for securing a Fund belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Covent , applicable to

charitable Uses, and for other Purpol'es; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Twenty-sixth of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of fVorcester\ and for repealing so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford , to a certain House at Red Mar ley, in the Parish of Great IVitley in the -said County; and for pitting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first-mentioned Act; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of h»s late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester " to Nar borough, and from Leicester to , and

" from thence through Kenilworth to , and

" from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick " to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Marty ns

" Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town-, and for " supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road' from " Leicester to Aftihy de la Zouch, in the County of " Leicester," so far as the same relates to the Road from Coventry through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn"s Gutter; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the iiaft Riding of the County of

York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Waste and Common Grounds, in the Township of by.rne, in the Parish of Kirkby in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ibr dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within the several Townships of Stonegrave, Westness, and Nunnington, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor, called Wooler Common, in the Parish of Wooler, in the County of Northumberland-, without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of lckleford, in the County of Hertford; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations Abroad, for a limited Time, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 14

enabling the Trustees named in the Will of William Sterne, deceased, to sell and convey a Leasehold Estate, vested in them by the said Will, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, to George Esquire,

pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase ol other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ul'esj to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Saint Mary Le Bone and Saint Pan-eras, or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses agreed to be thereof limited in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jacob Hinde, Esquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne Hinde, his Wife, with Power to make such Leases thereof as in the said Act are mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine. Chevalier; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Nicholas Wrigglef-worthand Ayscoghe Wrigglefworth, his eldest Son, from the Payment of a Yearly Sum of Thirty-live Pounds, given by Sir Edward Barkham, long since deceased, to charitable Uses, and of and from other Incumbrances; and for charging the same respectively upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglef-worth and his Son; and for veiling the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Jtam, Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Suft'ex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrolTsd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Nicholas Wrigglej-worth and Ayfcoghe Wrigglesworth, his eldest Son, from the Payment of a Yearly Sum of Thirty-five Pounds, given by Sir Edward Barkhamlong since deceased, to charitable Uses,' and of and ' from other Incumbrances; and for charging the same respectively upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglesworth and his Son; and for veiling the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aningrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled,’An Act for enabling the Trustees named in the Will of William Sterne, deceased, to sell and convey a Leasehold Estate, vested in them by the said Will, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, to George Esquire, pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, of the Common Fields, Half-Year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breaches, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coney I'/eft on, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Rtfohed,

Hinde* Marrisge

Setdemt.

CheraBeA

N«u

Wrigglrf-

iportn*

Nevmtooft

Efiucs.

Wrigjkt

worth',

i&ae.

Sterne*

Will

Coney Wrftoo 1 nclf.(u.-c.

L

Hnmrfon

lackrfure.

Manchester

Streets.

Chester

Port.

Sykes’s lAungage on Sled mere inclosiue.

Gfencester

Writ.

Richard Fishery; St. Ives.

A^oumment.

16 Geo. III.

18* Apri/is.

7°3

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: Apd that the Title Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing of the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition Common Fields, Half-Year Inclomres, Heaths, Brooms, of Parliament, on the Fifth Day of April One thousand

the Seven hundred and Seventy-six, after satisfying the

f Charges and Incumbrances thereupon. Ordered, That there be laid before this Houses an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year. 1775."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, have been disposed of} distinguished udder their several Heads.

Breaches, Commons, and Waste Lands, within Parish of Coney Weston, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Staunton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Harvey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Commonable Land or Ground, within the Manor or Parish

of West Horndon, in the County of Essex:And the

lame was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for widening and improving several Streets, , That there be laid before this House, in

in the Town of Manchester, and for opening new Streets Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the

or Passages, within the said Town, was read a Second Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, on ibe Time. 5th of April 1776, arisen by the Duties on Rice ex-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith, ported, which was imported into this Kingdom Duty- Mr. Wilbraham Bootlef &c.: And they are to meet free; by the Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, &c. granted

‘ by an Act of the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and by the Duty on Apples imported; and also the IVIonies paid by the Counties which have not raised the hdilitia, pursuant to an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and of Imprest Monies repaid there.

Accounts orderedj Sinking Fund, fcc.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle presented to the House, according to Order*,a Bill for erecting Light-Houses and Land-Marks, in or near the Port of and for

placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to

Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to 'r,‘' r n* n ‘ L1 cgive Directions, that there belaid before this House,

an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His

City of Chester, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts

Addrtfs

Money.

Mr. Frederick Montagu presented to the House, ac,

to Orde'.' a Bill for enabling Christopher Sykes, Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His

cording

Esquire, so raile Money by way of Charge or Mort gage upon divers Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the Division and Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes, his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate in Part of

Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. WiJford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant

to their Orders, .

An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt

oy/ees, ms w ire, in lieu ot her late tutate in rart ot An Account 01 me iviuucy *«

the same Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposes of the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, foi the Dispo

..... fit ion of Parliament, on the 5th Day of April 1776, after

satisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a " certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year ^nc^ also.

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th of April 1776, arisen by the Duties on cording to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement and Rice exported, which was imported into this Kingdom

Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within Duty-free; by the Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, &c.

therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the room of Edward Southwell, Esquire, now Baron Clifford, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr Adam Drummond presented to the House, ac-

the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time

And

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this. Day, adjourn till Wednesday Alorning next

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

granted by an Act of the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and by the Duty on Apples imported; and also the Monies paid by the Counties which have not raised the MiHtia, pursuant to an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and of Imprest Monies repaid there. . '

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Accouots

presented;

Exchequer*

VOL. 35.

To

18" Aprilis

7°4

A. 1776-

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament atTembled*

An ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the Fifth Day of April 1776, after Iatisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

The Money remaining in the Receipt of thp Exchequer, of the Sinking Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament* on the jth Day of April 1776, after Iatisfying the several Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, amounts to the Sum of Nine hundred Eighty thouliuui Four hundred Forty-one Pounds One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny.

Exchequer, Edwd IVilforJr

the 18th Day of April 1776.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the hSi Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer *iBi 11s, for " the Service of the Year 1775."

The Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, Edw'1 IVilford.

the 18th Day of April 1776.

4=

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An Act.COUNT of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament on the 5th of April 1776, ariien by the Duties on Rice exported, which was imported into this Kingdom Duty-frees; by the Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, lAc, granted by an Act of the 6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and by the Duty on Apples imported; and aho the Monies paid by the Counties which have not raised the Militia, pursuant to an Act of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s lleign \ and of Impreit Monies repaid there.

Duties on Rice ——

Duties on Sugars, Cambricks, &c. - .

Duty on Apples imported T -

Militia Money ——

Imprest Money repaid by Robert Burton, Executor to Maj. Gen. Ralph Burton, late Governor of Trots Rivieres ---- - - .

s. d.

8,061 18 H

333 *7 3

16 10

2,629 + 9

402 9 io£

[I>444 4 3*

Exchequer, Edit? IV.ilforA.

the 18th Day of April 1776.

Ofd.reJ,

16 Geo. III.

8° yfprilis.

7°5

Woo t ton Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, Property* and not making it, as in other Cafes,

to beperufed by the Members of the House. rest ot those whole local Situation enables them

heft to prevent, or prosecute and punish such Offence?, Mr. Skipwith preferred to the House, according to generally and warmly to exert themselves for those Pur-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and poles, and some such effectual Regulation they think Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, n for the Protection of the Commerce, on the and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Pari (h Prosperity of which the Value of the Lands of this and Liberties ot Leek Wool ton, otherwise Church Wootion, Kingdom mull depend, and of the Lives of those with the Hamlet of Hill Wootton, in the County of brave Alen who are the Source of the National Prol-Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First perity and natural Defence of this Kingdom, as well as

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Woodftone

Inclosure.

Mr. Benyonpresented to the House, according to Or*-

der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, Vvithin the Parish of Wcodjlnne, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

to put a Stop to a.Practice which is the Dilgrace of a civilized People: And therefore praying, That such a Bill may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. v

Highgate

and

Hampdead

Road.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing ujtuuo, n.Yvi-1 w , aiiwmvm, v Or.^ers °F^the House, of the 25th of April 1774, re-

Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, ^^5° ^*llsof Inclosure, had been complied with; and and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the that the Committee had exammed the Allegations of the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render . ’ anc* Found the same to be true; and that the Par-more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees u.cs concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatekoufet!le ^^tisfacdion of the Committee (except the Owners

and Hampstead, and from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbottrn, 1 5 Yard lands, or thereabouts, and 14 Cottages,

Wal.rayfc

Inclosure;

Sir Charles Whitvborthpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the

Hampstead,

to make a new Road, from the great Northern Road at ljlington, to the Edgware Road near , so far

as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road near Queen's Row to Bagnigge Wash; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Number of "Yard Lands in the said Fields is 53 Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and the whole Number of Cottages having Right of Common is 49; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direiYed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

HoS^, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

C a wood and Wiflow Inclosure.

lilfton Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pallures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bilton, in the County of the City of York: And the same was mgrossed.

received; and read the First Time. sir reported from the Committee, to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. -whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to amend an Act, made and passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " to enable John the Elder, Gentleman, and

" his Issue Male, to take the Surname and Arms of " Theobald, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth bald. Widow, decealedand also to enable John NTedozvs, eldest Son of the said John Medows, .(now John Theobald) and the Heirs of His Body, to take the Laid Surname, and bear the said Arms, of Theobald; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Plundering A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie Shipwrecks. of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City of delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to

in a Bill for preventing the inhuman Practice of plwn- the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath dering Ships that are shipwrecked on the Coast of agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Great Britain, and for the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts; and alledging, that Experience proves the Necessity of such a Law, from the Inefficacy of all that have hitherto been made, owing* as the Petitioners apprehend, to the not extending to this Species of Offence the Remedy already given by Law to the Sufferers under other malicious Attacks Vol. 35.

Medows

Narr.es

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Wolds, and Average Grounds, Ings, Marshes, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes of and

Wiflow, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Sir Cecil Wray, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for chlcharging certain Lands, in the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of Derby, from the Pay- Maflareenes* ment of a Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds a Ea*le‘ Year, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arrd found the

8 R

Counfcfs of

fcnnc

Pipers refoefiing the Amcan Forts.

Duties on Bugles and Featherbeds;

Trent and Mersey Navigation.

706

18° Apr.

A. 1776.

fame to be true; and that the Party concerned had given her Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Buller9 from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State, and Condition of Appolonia Forty 17th March, 1775: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Dixcove Forty 18th March, 1775: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Suecondee Forty 19th March, 1775: And also,

N* 4, State and Condition of Commenda Fort, 19th March, 1775: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort, 26th March, 1775; And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Tantumnuerry Fort, 28th March, 1775: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra, 29th March, 1775: And also,

N° 8. State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, 29th March, 1775: And also,

N° 9. State and Condition of Whydah Fort, 4th April, 1775*: And also,

'N° io. State and Condition of Cape Coajl CaJUe,

1775-

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

the Public than the said Course by Sharpcliffe: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for enabling the Petitioners to continue, make, and complete, the said Canal from Che-dleton to Froghall, and the said Rail-Way from thence to or near Caldon, instead of the said Course by Sharp-cliffe.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert Mr. Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Montagu, Esquire, Treasurer of the Society of Gray's Inn, in the County of Middl'ejex, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Benchers of the said Society, on Behalf of themselves and the other Members of the said Society, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for remedying some Defeats in several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and ether Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and setting forth. That the Commissioners and Committee appointed by the said Acts are impowered to rate and assess certain dead Walls, not exceeding Six Pence a Square Yard, for the Purposes in the said several Acts mentioned; and Disputes having arisen between the Petitioners and the Pari flics of Saint Andrew Holborn above Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, touching the Rate laid upon the said Society by the Committee for the said Parishes, towards paving, cleansing, and lighting that Part of the Street or Road called The King's Road, adjoining to the Petitioners’ Garden Wall, and the Petitioners apprehending themselves not liable to pay the said Rate, they appealed against the same to the respective Jurisdictions mentioned in the said Acts; but, on hearing of stich Appeal, the

The (kid Papers are preserved amongst the oth<*J? ldIU^^ing 01 appeal, me P nf rl *c S (T ^Kate appealed against was confirmed, and the Petitioners

Papers of this Session

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill* for allowing. further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five Years, except Bonds for Duties and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty, to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, to enable the Petitioners to make a Navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Chedleton, and a Rail-Way from thence to Sharpcliffe, and to continue the Canal from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County, and to make other Railways from the said Canal; and representing to the House, that, by Surveys lately made, it appears that the said proposed Canal may be continued from Chedleton, by Cunfall, to Froghall, in the said County of Stafford, from whence a Rail-Way may be made to or near the (kid Lime-Works and LimeftonerQuarries, at or near Caldon aforesaid, which will be more convenient to

Westminster

Streets.

22

left without Redress; and representing to the House, that the said Street or Road called The King's Road, was, before the Passing of the said Acts, constantly paved and repaired by the said Parishes, and no Demand has (till very lately) been made upon the Petitioners to contribute towards the Expence thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass Into a Law, the same will greatly^3f$d them, and prevent their trying, in a due Course of Law, wlftthtfthey ought to pay the Rates made in respect of their said Garden Wall or not: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Count'd, against lb much and such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said-Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Pariflhes of Saint Mary le Bone, and Saint Pancras, or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jacob Hinde, Esquire, with

Anne

Hinde’*

Marriage

Settlement

---1

16 Geo. III.

18° Apri

Ncvfnham’s

Elhtes.

Budge’s

Will.

Worcrfler

Election.

Chevalier’s

Nau

W avs osd Means*

Supply,

Shaftesbury

Election.

Anne Thayer, now Anne Hinde, his Wife, with Power to

make such Leases thereof, as in the said Act are mentioned, Was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, and

Sussex, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Hies, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Leasehold Messuage, in Square,

in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of Edward Rudge, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooper, Mr. Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Adam Ferguffon, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of in the County of Worcester, informed the House, That

the said Select Committee have determined,

' That John Waljk, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen, to

serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, in the County of Worcester:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Thomas Bates Rous, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Worcester.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine Chevalier, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the First Day of this Instant April, for the House to rclblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the_ Order, made upon the First Day of this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the First Day of this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider further of the Bill todisfranchiseand incapacitate certain Persons therein mentioned from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of

Vol. 35.

7° 7

Sha/toM, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Rejo/vedy That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee, upon Monday next, do attend the said Committee, upon Monday Sevennight, the 29 th Day of this Instant April.

The House was moved. That the Order made, upon the First Day of this Instant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments $ and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the ad Day of this Instant Aprfor the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider of fq much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Impor-« tation and Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Ports and Places into which Com and Grain may be imported and landed without Payment of the Duties,

might be read. , .

And the said Order being read Accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 29th Day of Marsh last, for the House to -solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, upon the ingrossed Bill from Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Homeck, Esquire, with Sarah Keppel, his

now Wife; and to enable him to many again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order bo discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the ill Day of this Instant April, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tuesday next, to consider of a more effectual Method of securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be difeharcred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant April, resolve itlelt into the said Committee.

A Bill

Offices

and

Employment;.

Importation

of Corn*

Hornet's

Dirorce<

ElrftiocH,

708 i8° — 240 Jprilis. A. 177

Poor 'A Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, with-Rcturai. jn tjje {‘everai Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called Engla, which are not under the Provisions of special Acts of Parliament, to make Returns upon Oath to certain Questions, to be specified in the Bill, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cauie them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Mackworthy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read;

Info!vent Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Debtori. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* Afrilis;

Anno 16° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776. Prayers.

Committees. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Horneck’s Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Divorce, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Horneck, Esquire, with Sarah Keppel, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Egerton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Egerton reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppofo the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Treasurer of the Houshold reported to the Answer to House, That their Address of Thursday lad, that His Ad<ifef*. Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed, that Mr. IVilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been Addrest; issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses Money, of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To John Hatfell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons ----.....-

To Samuel Dunn, Gentleman, towards carrying on and defraying the Expence of making a

General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons -....

To William Bowyer, Gentleman, towards defraying the Expence of printing 1250 Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records, as His Majesty shall think fit -To George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, towards repairing the Rolls Chapel -

£ d. 1,300 — —

5°°-----

5,000-----

606 — 3$-

£. 7,406 — 3£

Exchequer, the 24th Day of April 1776.

Edit/1 m

\ Ordered., That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in;

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Account; Service of the Year 1775 has been disposed of; distin- Dispositkm guished under the several Heads, until the 24th Day of Grant*. April 1776; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

g

CQ

N'

o

o

Ft

r

u».

U\

yin ,\CCO U NT shewing how the ‘Money given for the Service of the Year 1775 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads; until the 24th Day of April 1776; " - , and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

ON

o

W

- -; \; services.

ffor the Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 18,000 Men, including 4,774 Marines, from ift 1 January 1775 - - _ ——

j For the.Ordinary of the Navy, including Kalf-Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1775 / Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other 5S j what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1775

j For the Support and Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, not provided for in Greenwich I Hospital - - - - r - -

extra Works, over and above

889,200 — 444,680 15

: *97,379 -

6,000 — —

"For Ordnance, Sea Service - , - - 46,800 — —

For Ditto," - - Land Service --------- -- - 22 S ~ '

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parsi*r'-,"’

in 1774..... J2,748 5 3

Mreat Britain, Jerfy, and

For defraying the Charge of 17,547 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces Gunnfey, for the Year 1775 - -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons* in the Plantations, and Africa, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, The Ceded Islands, and Africa, for the Year 1775 - - # -

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of Three Battalions and Three Companies of Foot, serving in the IJU of Man, at Gibraltar'and Minorca, for the Year x 775 For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1775

627,689 19 4

- 586,186 — Jof

5 Towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1775 fe \ For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for

2,874 4 9 1 *>473 *8 6£ 122,221 15 5

105,326 16 8

870 3 9

628 — — 67,706 12 1

9,536 10 7

262,537 7 »°¥

CO

Vi

the Year 1775

For defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannnated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1775 For Pensions to the Widows of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1775 -For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, consisting of 4,383 Men, for the Year 1775 -

For defraying the Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishment of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Two'Regiments of Foot, from ift of March to 24th of December 1775; as also for Levy Money for ttie Augmentation to Major ^General Prion’s Regiment of Light Dragoons, for the Year 1775 ——

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 22d of April V- j 7 74, and the 8th of March 1775, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1775 ——

Foir the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1774 to 24th of

June* 1775 - -- -.....-----

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of F.a/1 Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1774 to 24th of June 1775 ——

For the Charges of the Civil Establishment of ffe/f Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from 24th of June 1774 to 24th of June 1775 - - - *" - - ~ " - -

For the Expence of the Civil EstabH(liment of the Government of Smegamlia, for the Year 1775

For defraying the Expences attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1775 -

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to execute the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament ——

To the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the Lmw/Seas, to assist them m carrying on their Trade - . - -

For the Expences of the new Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, for the Year 1775

For repairing, maintaining arid supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa - - - - . - "

Sums voted.

1.637,259 15 10

307,607 6 IQ

*..597 »°51 9 9}

4,346 10 5

3,086 — —

4,9So-----

5,450-----

6,336 — 9i 1,885 4 —

3,000 --- *-

5,000 — -

- 6,998 10 7 13,000 — —

Sums paid.

£ d.

*>599*453 i* 5

307,607 6 10

J,597 *051 9 91

4,346 10 5

3,086-----

4,95°-----

5>45°

6,3 36 9i 1.885 4 —

3,oco-----

5,000 — — 6,998 10 7 13,000 — —

Remains to be paid-

£ ’ '

37,806 3 f

tO-

— 1

-O

VO

D

eg'

r — H

n'

0

Q.

cr

*< I

d

o

o

c

8

To defray the Expence of engraving Chads’ of the Coasts of trelandx and also of the West Coasts Qf Great Britain, 6stc.\ surveyed by Murdoch Mackenzie - - - - 1 # . - r - -

Towards defraying the Expence of engraving Charts of the Coast of North America^ between the Bay of Chaleurs in the Gutph of St. Lawrence and the River St. Croix in the Bay of Fitndy;Tnrveved By Joseph Frederick Wallet Des Barres, Esqr ——

Toaffift the inhabitants of the Island of Barladees in defraying the Expence of ck'anfing the Channel, repairing the Mole, and rendering the Harbour there more safe and commodious -

To make goexi to His Majesty the Irkc Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses - _ - - .

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum paid to several Persons, as a Compensation for Losses and Expences, incurred pursuant to several Orders of Council, for preventing the spreading of the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle - -

To reimburse the Governor arid Company of the Bank of England their Charges and Expences in receiving deficient Gold Coin, in purftiance of an Order of the Commissionorsof the Treasury, of the ltd of July 1773, find for Interest of the Monies advanced by them to the Holders of the same -For defraying the extraordinary Charge of His Majesty’s Alint, in the Year ended the 31st of December 1774 - -

‘To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out oftbefame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1758,

on the 5th Day of July 1774....

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the Year 1773 v at Lady Day 1775 - % - .

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax granted for the Service- of the Year 1773* at Michaelmas 177$ -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1774 - -

Towards the extraordinary Expence of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii 3l,i -

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,250,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 140 Georgii and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 17^5, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same - -

To satisfy and make good the several Sums payable to the Persons who subscribed their Capital Stock of £. 3 per Centum Annuities, to be discharged and

annihilated, pursuant to an Act 15* Georgii 31*1 -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,\ to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 1 $ Georgii 3lil - -

To reimburse E xpences, and for Rewards to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for receiving the Contributions to the Lottery, and paying the same into the Exchequer, and for paying the Prizes in the said Lottery; and also to the said Governor and Company, and to the South Sea Company, for receiving the Subscriptions of the Proprietors of the £. 3 per Cent. Annuities, subscribed pursuant to the Act 150 Georgii 3th, and paying off the fame; and for Rewards to the Managers and Commissioners of the Lotttery, for preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof, and for the incident Expences attending the Lottery, ——

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer, of Contributions to the Lottery

Deficiency of the Ways and Means to answer the Services

750,000

1,500,000

*,250,000

895,686

10,976

15,000

/. d.

\V AYS and MEANS towards answering the fame; viz*

fe *

1,185 4 of

750,000 — —

7,088,401 13 °x

37,348 12 7

7,*25,75° s 7 i

---- By the Malt Duty continued Anno 1775.

----- By 3 /. per Lib. on Land.

----- By Exchequer Bills, charged on the next Aid* to be granted in Parliament.

13 io{ Remaining in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund* on the 5th of April 1775,

for the Disposition of Parliament.

16 111 Of the future Produce of the said Sinking Fund.

18 a Of Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for Disposition of Parliament.

— — Out of the Produce of the several Duties directed by Acts of Parliament to be

referred for the Disposition of Parliament, towards the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the Bririfi Colonies and Plantations in America«

Out of the Produce of the Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

By a Lottery.

£ ' ' 2>I4S-----

3»711 *"

5,000' — -

12,578 14 9

1,684 *5 lo

46,846 9 3 22,824 19 —

45,446 8 227,83* *9 3 279,24s 9 I0f 112,528 a 5$

,7,685 19 1,267,598 13 IO 880,000 — " 600K)00 — —

14,650----

7,125,75° 5 7i

C" <*

2,145-----

3,7*1 *S —

5,000 — — 12,578 14 9

1.684 >5 10

46,846 9 3

22,824 19 —

45,446 8 a

227,832 19 3

279,245 9 10f 112,528 a 5I

7.685 19 ni

1,267,598 13 10

880.000 — —

600.000 — —

12,950 — —

7,086,244 a ai

c

d.

1,700-----

39, S°6 3 5 2,157 10 10 37>348 12 7

MemJum.

The Arrears of former Supfflies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

£. So do

For the late Marine Regiments ----- 10,506 5 2}

For the late African Company's Creditors ..... 900 12 10

For Georgia Bills, Re (i due of £. 15,496. 19/. id.} - - - 57° 17 7i

Towards building a Lazaret - -- 5,000 — —

For Coqipensation to Francis DaJfy} for certain Damages sustained by him - 6,195 8 11

£.23,173 4 6i

Deficiency of Ways and Means,

Presented this 24th Day of April 1776, by me

W. Sfert.

710 24* Aprilis. ^.1776.

Crick

Inclosure.

Walgrave

Inclosure.

Fofter

Inclosure.

Sykes

Mortgage

on

Sledmere

Inclosure;

Ditto;

Eastbory

Inclosure#

16 Geo. III. 240 711

Mr. Powys p re fen ted to the House, according to Or- jxion Field?, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and IVf of otherwise IJbwy, in the County of

Comtnonf Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- Berks, was read a Second Time. ' %

dows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within Re/okue That the Bill be committed to Mr.

the Parish and Liberties of Cruk, in the County of Mr. B And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Nerl/iatnptvn: And the same was received at L ive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the DecUra- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open tion, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjyration; Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Wade court, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed in the County of the City of was read a Second

the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made Time.

for those Purposes; Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

The said Bill was read the First Time. Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sterne*# Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, for enabling the Trustees named in the Will of William WiU. of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, Sterne, cjeceased, to sell and convey a Leasehold Estate,

in the County of Northampton, was read the Third vested in them by the said Will, upon certain Trusts Time. therein me ntioned, to George , Esquire, pur-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title suant to Articles, and to lay out the Money arising by be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Heredita-Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- ments, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of Time,

and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the Refolded, That- the Bill be committed to Mr.

County of Northampton. Hujfey, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet this

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do cany the Bill to tire Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Chamber.

Mr. Bacon presented. to the House, according to Or- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WngjteU der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable for difcYvarging Part of the Estate of Nicholas Wrig-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open Lands glesworth, and Ayfcoghe Wrigglesworth his eldest Son,

and Grounds, within, the Township of in the East

Riding of the County of York: And the feme was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling Christopher Sykes, Esquire, to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon diy£rs_ Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the Division and Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate in Part of the feme Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposer therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fredei ick Montagu, Sir George Savi/e, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Reverend Robert fames- Clay Clerk, which \yas

presented to the House upon the lft Day of this Infbuxt April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until a Bill should be brought in purfyant to the~Prayer of the Petition of Chrtkopher Sykes, Esquire, on Behalf of himself, and of Mark Sykes his eldest Son, an Infant of the Age of Four Years, or thereabouts, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said- Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the feme Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-L,..Vwf- 35-

from the Payment of a Yearly Sum of Thirty-five Pounds, given by Sir Edward long since de-

ceased, to charitable Uses, and of and from other Incumbrances; and for charging the same respectively upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas kV~rigglesworth, and his Son *, and for veiling the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read*

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Rrozunlow Bertie, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second

Tniirie

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ad r. Mauger, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pilchard Fishery; St. Ives.

A Bill for dividing and indofirjg the Open or Common Jfton ^Fields, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Common Inclosure. Failures, and other Commonable Lands, within the -Parish of If ton, in the County of Monmouth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Morgan, Mr- Van, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s -Chamber.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, by His Account! Majesty’s Command, presented;

An Account of the gross Produce of the Duty on

Dice, for Ten Years past: And also.

An Account of the gross Produce of the Duty on Cards, for Ten Years past: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the additional Twelve Penny Duty, for Ten Years past: And

also, *

Aq

hv

Cnf\rvrtl

J12

An Account of the Number and Produce of the Half-penny Stamps for News Papers, for Ten Years pad: 0 And also.

An Account of the Produce of the Duty cm Coaches and other Wheel Carriages, for Ten Years lad pad; dii-tinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of Intered, at Three per Cent, per Annum, on the several Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for exchanging deficient

A. 1776.

English Gold, of the Weight of Five Penny Weights, Three Grains, and under Five PennyWeights, Six Grains, in conformity to His Majesty’s Proclamation, 24th June 1774: And also,

An Account of deficient English Gold Coin exchanged with the Public, &c. by the Bank of England.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

The gross Produce of the Duty on Dice for Ten Years pad*

Years. N. D. 171 r. A.D. 1756. 1 Total.

£ £ -f- d. 1. d.

1766 162 IO 162 IO 325

1767 182 IO 182 10 — 365

w '‘J Os CO 3",*5 — 311 *5 — 623 IO

1769 524 524 — — 1,048 — —

M -vl O 364 3$4 728

1771 539 12 6 539 12 6 1»°79 5 —

1772 752 5 — 752 5 — 1,504 IO

1773 616 IO — 616 IO *>233

*774 780 IO 780 IO 1,561

1775 994 5 — 994 5 — 1,988 IO

J. Lloyd, pro ComptV

The gross Produce of the Duty on Cards, for Ten Years pad.

Years. N. D. 1711. A.D. 1756. Total.

£ * £. s. d. £. s. d.

1766 10,008 l8 10,008 18 — 20,017 l6

1767 9,892 12 6 9,892 iz 6 1 00 Os

I 768: 10>3l3 r9 — 10,313 19 — 20,627 18 —

1769; 10,468 3 — 10,468 3 — 20,936 6 —

1770 ' 10,406 I I 10,406 11 — 20,813 2 —

T77* i j 10,728 I — 10,728 1 — 21,456 2 —

17 72 j , 11 >249 9 ~ 11,249 9 — 22,498 18 —

1773 1 11,522 15 — 11,522 it, — 23>°45 10 —

177 4 j 11,516 10 — 11,516 10 — 23.033

2 775 j 10,972 12 — 10,972 12 — 21.945 4 "

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr*

l- - .

Amount

16$EO\ III

Amp^nt of tf\e AdditionAl ltd Duly for.Ten Ye^jrs.past.

Ye^r s. _ j-aiAx.

1

J. d. r^> X , d. -: £ K

176$^, 43,*77 .2 19,126' 12 j-s- . 32,303 H ~

17G7 13,23,2 7 — 17,1826; I4I-- . $*,059 1 _

.. lj6 12,94.1 -r*- . I 17,611 *31 — _ 3M5* 5 —

*7^9; 12,967 !&, — 1?,441. 4 — . 31,409 . 2

_ ?779 , .72.959 -7- i8.,io6;'i9j — 31,066 6, —

'771 13.4^2 13.5*3 7. — 1 V 9.706 Ij -r . .33,1.29 2 — .

177a 8 19>‘*79 7 — ' 32,70715 ~

1773 13,180 17 — 19,849 1 — 33,02918 —

r7 74 13,268 l8 — l8,9IO 19 — 32,17917 —

ms" 13.307 '' \* 16 — 48,811.3: — 32,118 19 —

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr.

t r ' *

Account of the Number and Produce of ±d. Stamps for News Papers, for Ten Years pad.

Years. Number. S. ft’s. Add1 1757.

1766 8,804,832 i8,343 8 — £. S. d. 18,343 8 —

1767 9,122,746 19,005 H 5 19,005 14 5

1768 9,567,932 19,933 3 *o 29,933 3 10

1769 10,469,852 2 1,8 I 2 3 IO 2l,8l2 3 IO

1770 10,765,800 22,428 15 — 22,428 1 5 --

2771 11,599,648 24,165 18 8 24,165 18 8

1772 11,552,668 24,068 1 2 24,068 1 2

1773 11,680,534 24,334 8 u 24*334 8 11

1774 11,813,126 24,610 13 7 24,610 13 7

*775 12,273,324. 25,569 8 6 25,569 8 6

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

Vot: 35-

8 T A x

712

An Account of the Number and Produce of the Half-penny Stamps for News Papers, for Ten Years part: . And all'o.

An Account of the Produce of the Duty on Coaches and other Wheel Carriages, for Ten Years last pad; dif* tinguishing each Year: And allb.

An Account of Interest, at Three per Cent, per Annum, on the several Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for exchanging deficient

1776.

English Gold, of the Weight of Five Penny Weights, Three Grains, and under Five PennyWeights, Six Grains, in conformity to His Majesty’s Proclamation, 24th June 1774: And also.

An Account of deficient Gold Coin exchanged with the Public, &c. by the Bank of England.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

2 40 Aprilis.

The gross Produce of the Duty on Dice for Ten Years pad.

Years. N. D. 171 r. A.D. 1756. Total.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

1766 162 10 — 162 10 — 325

1767 182 10 — 182 10 — 365

w ON GO 311 l5 — 311 x5 ~ 623 10 —

1769 524 524 1,048

1770 364 364 728

1771 539 12 6 539 X2 6 1,079 5 —

1772 752 5 ~ 752 5 — 1,504 10 —

1773 616 10 — 616 10 — 1,233

*774 780 10 — 780 10 — 1,561

1775 994 5 — 994 5 — 1,988 10 «*

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

The gross Produce of the Duty on Cards, for Ten Years pad.

Years. N. D. 1711. A.D. 1756. Total.

£ * d. £. d. £ * d.

1766 10,008 18 — 10,008 18 — 20,017 16 —

1767 9,892 12 6 9,892 iz 6 19>7^5 5 —

1768 i°>313 r9 — 10,313 19 — 20,627 18 —

T 769 ! ! 10,468 3 — 10,468 3 — 20,936 6 —

!'?°; 10,406 11 — i 10,406 11 — 20,813 2 —

T7/1 i 1 i 10,728 1 — f 10,728 1 — 21,456 2 —

V772 j. 11,249 9 — 11,249 9 "" 22,498 18 —

1773; i n>522 — H,522 15 — 23,045 10 — -

7-74 j 1 11,516 10 — 11,516 10 — 23»°33

Jl; p - . 10,972 12 - — 10,972 12 21,945 4 —

J. Lloyd, pro Comptr.

i* v 4 av 4 „

* vv:/-;iS

Amount

16 Geo', III. 24?: jfyrtkb

Amount of the Additional 12 d. Duty for Ten Years pad.

4 _ Yej.rs. Ponfigrted fn Hist *. . JXITA.L-.

.7. iC- J- *♦" '£* £

13,17.7 -2 — 19,126' 12 j-s- . 3 a,303 14 —

i3>2S2 -7: — . 17,826.14!-- 8«,°59 1 —

1768... -12,941 ..2f . 17,611 3; — 30.552 5 —

_ ish. 12,967 18. — 1?,441. 4 — - 3^,409 2 —

— ?779 , . 32.959 -7 — ' 31,066 6, —

1771 13.4^2 7>r-r 1 .\i9,706.i3;-r . .33.129 2 —

1772 13,5^8 '8 19,-179: '7' —; 32,70713 —

x773 13,180 17 — 19,849 . 1 — 33,02918 —

r774 13,268 18 18,910 — 32,17917 —

*775 V 13,307 16 — ' 1 \* ~ 1 . .18,811 3 — 32,118 19 —

J. Lloydy pro Comptr.

Account of the Number and Produce of Stamps for News Papers, for Ten Years pad.

Years. Number. S. K’s. Add1 1757.

1766 8,804,832 £ ' d. 18,343 8 — if- 18,343 8 —

1767 9,122,746 19,005 14 5 19,005 14 5

1768 9.567,932 19,933 3 10 19,933 3 i°

1769 10,469,852 21,8l2 3 IO 21,812 3 10

J77° 10,765,800 22,42s 15 — 22,428 15 —

1771 11,599,648 24,165 18 8 24,165 18 8

1772 11,552,668 24,068 1 2 24,068 1 2

1773 11,680,534 24,334 8 u 24,334 8 11

1774 11,813,126 24,610 13 7 24,610 13 7

*775 11,273,324. 25,569 8 6 25,569 8 6

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

Vol 35*

8 T

7r4

240 Aprilis

Id. 1776.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duty on Coaches and other Wheel Carriages, for Ten Years last paso

distinguishing each Year.

From epUn April 1765 - - To 5th April 1766 - - £>* 72,79a — —

From 5th April 1766 - - To 5th April 1767 - - 76,340 — —

From $th April 1767 - - To 5th April 1768 - 78,576 — —

From 5th ^pr// 1768 - - To 5th Apnl 1769 - - 79.454

From 5th ^pr//, 1769* - To 5th April 1770 - - 82,840 —

From 5th yfpr/7 1770 - - -To 5th April 1771- - 87»594

From 5th ^pr/7 1771, 7 One Year and a Quarter 3 To 5th July 1771, \ One Yearand a Quarter J 114,838 — —

From 5th July 1772 - - To 5th July 1773 - - 88,374 — —

From 5th July 1773 - - To 5th 7«/y 1774 - 89,844

From 5th July 1774 - - To 5th i«/y 1775 - - 91,876

Total - £. 862,528

19th April 1776.

7. Morrisy Accompt*. Gen1.

Excise-Office, 7. Windham Btwyerx " -

London, £), Papillon,

Gm A. «SV0//,

Bowlfy, Anthy Lucas,

/T. Lowndes.

/An

i<5 Geci.JIL

7*5

An ACCOUN T of Interest, at £. g. per Cent, per Annum, on the several Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for exchanging deficient English Gold Coin of the Weight of 5 Dwts. 3 Grs* and under 5 Dwts. 6 Gxs. per Guinea, hi conformity to His Majesty's Proclamation, 24th June 1774.

1774. & . *

Jilly 16 18,650.-7 3

- 18 v. 33,266 2

l9 I2,8l7 -7 i-

20 51.895 19 9

21 30,629 W- ;6

22 69,7i4 15 —

23 66,065 9 6

25 110,320 12 3

26 87,96118 3

27 79,567 8 6

: .28 ' 93.554 9 6

29 104,073 l8 —

30 78,298 4 9

JuguJi 113,249 17 —

2 112,064 18 6

3 144,762 19 6

t 4 146,961 3 —

5 129,625 2 6

6 79,165. 5 6

- S >42,795 5 6

9 145,091 12 6

10 139,188

11 148,720 8 6

12 106,166 11 —

*3 181,361 5 —

- *5 183,82815 —

16 123,461 12 6

*7 1 !3»933 *8 6

.18. 8l,60I l6 —

*9 79,547 9 6

20 69,324 3 —

22 83,219 6 6

23 80,866 l6

24 74,720 12 6

25 83,140 I —

26 58,830 9 —

27 77,118 6 —

29 61,506 7 6

30 74,109 10 6

31 51,870 —

3,723,047 4 3

Day*

to the

' 3r

.August.

3

5

6

1

9

10

12

*3

*4

*5

16

*7

>9

20

21 24 26

2 7 28

75»>5° 12. 84,672 10 6 75,178 19 — 103,160 18 6 69,833 18 6

53,061 15 — 53.638- 4 — 55,856 17 — 63,354 18 — 46,922 18 6

36,927 9 —

12,568 4 9 11,852 18 6

9,996 10 6

29,130 8 3 29,399 9 6 16,976 18 6

42,867 6 — 89,105 2 — 77,005 8 6 44.742 17 3

-46-44 43: 42

41

4<?

39

37

36

35

34

33

32

3°

29

28

27

26

25

23

22

8o4.45i ‘ 8 —

INTEREST.

£ 70 10 3 120 6

5

2 11

4 3

3

45 179 102 &19 211

335

260 228

261 282

205 18 279 4 11

267 2

333 3 326 2

277 - 1

162 13 269 18' 10

262 - 7

15

9

5

*7

8

' 5

21 240 4 IO

20 244 9 5

>9 165 15 to

l8 268 6 3

l6 241 14 11

>5 *52 4 3

13 1 2 —

>3 87 3 9

12 78 9 1

II - 62 13 6

9 61 11 2

8 53 3 ' 5

7 42 >9 9

6 4I

5 24 3 6

4 25 7 —

2 IO 2 2

1 6 19

ys to riie October 6,647 *9 6

35 10,710 2 8

34 . 210 2

32 222 14

3° 185 7 5

29 . 245 *7 9

28 160 14 3

27 "7 >5 —

26 114 12 5

25 "4 >5 5

23 119 15 4'

22 84 l6 II

21 63 14 9

20 20 13. 2

>9 l8 IO 2

18 1+ 15 9

16 38 6 2

>5 36 4 11

>4 1910 8

II 38 >5 1

9 65 18 3

8 50 12 8

7 25 14 10

>9,3*7 7 3

Brought up — Recd from the! 'Mint in coinedl Gold on this1 Account,5 Off.

1774 —

D° - - 12

D*

28

h* 1775- >«J'- 4

" VoL." 3^,

> <* 4,804,451 8 —

38,623 14 1

4,765,827 13 u 91,113 15 —

— 4 ft

H?

«s s| §>

« 5^ s

Miiu£

riaiS §

D® - - 4,674,7*3 18 11

>9 9 3 >5 — -

Exchanged 4,583,600 3 11

— *5>674 2 9

D® - - 4,599,274 6 8

20 19,834 >5 3

4,619,109 I II

D® - - 21 20,813 12 6

D° . - 4,639,922 14 5

22 13,629 5 3

4,653,55 > >9 8

Received from I

the Mint 265 9*>, I3 >5

4,562,438 4 8

D® -T- Nov. 2. 9>, I>3 >5 —

D® - - 4^47 >»324 9 8

9 9 3 >5 1

Exchanged 4,380,210 14 8

IX >»°57 *7 6

' 4,381,268 12 2

Received from?

the Mint 6j 9>»> >3 >5

D® - - 4,290,154 17 2

23 9>»> >3 *5 -

D® - - 4,199,041 2 2

3° 9,«I13 >5

4,107,927 7 2

D* — Dcf . 7 98,122 10

4,009,804 17 2

D* - - 14 98,122 10 "

3,911,682 7 2

Exchanged l6 >77 9 —

D° - - 3,9> >,859 l6. 2

20 533 8

Received from 7 3,9*2,393 4 2

the Mint 2lj 98,122 10

3,814,27014 2 9I.576 >5 ~*

3.722,69 3 19 2 70,087 10 —

7

7

7

7

7

7

Interest.

I9.327 7 3

2,741 19 7

2,689 11 1

378 — 5

379 11 382 7 1

1,529 x8 8

»,6i+ 19 2

4,572 to 10 720 *» 8 1,800 10 4

2,468 6 *

2,4*5 *7 8 2,363 9 3 2,307 — 1

643 — 3 1,286 1 9

321 11 3 2,194 >° a 2,14* *6 5 2,101 9 1°

24° Apri

jl- 177

I >

if.' j.

I 3,652,606 9 2 7

D* - to - 11 91»113 *5 — r v

' 18 3,561,492 14 2 7

D* - - 9I*II3 15 *

D* 3»47°»37* >9 2 7

m 25 91,113 *5 —

3>379>z65 4 2 7

D* Feby 1 91 >113 15 —

1 I 8 3,288,151 9 2 7

D* to - 9I>I13 *5 V J '

1 1 D* 3>I97>°37 H 2 J 7

- 15 9*>I13 ’5 — *

( t 3,105,923 >9 2

D* - - 22 91,113 *5 — -

r.

3,014,810 4 2 7

D° " Mar. 1 84,105 —

8 2>93°>7°5 4 2 .7

D* * - 84,io5 — I — gC '*

r 2,846,600 4 2 £ 0 7 if-

D* *5 84,105 — — r.

2>76z>495 4 2 7

D* to m 22 84,105 — i «7C

D* 2,678,390 4 2 7

- - 29 9I>II3 15 —

- 2,587,276 9 2 ] 0 £ 7

D* - April $ 9Mi3 *5 — :'

2,496,162 2 gT.’: 7

D* to - 12 9I»It3 15 - — , f *" *

D* 2,405,048 >9 2 7

*9 84,105 —

26 2,320,943 19 2 7

D* to 84,105

D* 2,236,838 19 2 >

to May 3 70,087 IO —

D° 2,166,751 9 2 7

*" m 10 84,105 —

I> 2,082,646 9 2 7

*7 84,105 —

D* 1,998,541 9 2 7

‘ m 24 84,105 —

D* - - 31 1,914,436 91,113 9 l5 2 . r 7

D* m June 7 1,823,322 9l,n3 14 15 2 7

D* to OO To 0 00 r9 2 7

m *4 98,122 10 —

D* 1,634,086 9 2 7

21 98,122 10 — /

' D* - - 28 *»535»963 19 5 2 7

M3°>832 H 2 7

D* * /"{v 5 105,131 5 —

D’ - 4ft 12 1,325,701 9 5 2 7

1,220,570 4 2 7

2,101 9 10

2,049 1 6

1,996 13 1

x>944 4 8

1,891 16 3

1,839 7 10

1,786 19 4

1,734 10 11 1,686 3 2

G637 *5 4 1,589 7 7

1,540 19 10

1,488 11 4

1,436 2 11

1,383 14 6

*»33S 6 9

1,286 18 11 1,246 n 5 1,198 4 8

1,149 16 10 i,io 1 9 1

049 — 8

996 12 3

940 3 2

883 14 f 823 4 4

762 11 7

.7?2:JVU

16 Geo. III.

2 4- -^prills.

7*7

D* 19 1,220,57 0 4 2 105,131 5 — 7 702 4 IX

E>° - 26 i,ii5>438 *9 105,13* 5 ~ 7 641 15 2

D* — Aug*. 2 1,010,307 14 2 105,13* 5 — 7 581 5 5

I> - 9 905,176 9 2 105,13* 5 — [ 7 520 15 8

E>* =. - 16 800,045 4 2I *05,13* 5 — 7 460 6 — -

- .23 694,913 19 2 *°5»*3* 5 — 7 399 *6 3

D* > - 30 589,782 14 2 105,131 5 — 7 339 6 6

D* — Seps. 6 484,651 9 a 105,131 5 — \ 7 278 16 9

i " 13 379,520 4 a *°5»*3* 5 " ' 7 218 7 —

0 1 1 ft 274>388 19 *o*>5*7 *° 1 i\ 7 6 *57 *7 4

172,871 8 8) £94,468 17 10

For the GroVerrtor and Company of the Bank of England.

% Stonehouse, Acco' General.

An ACCOUNT of deficient English Gold Coin, exchanged with the Public, £sV. by the Bank of England.

Number Amount Standard Weight Amount of the said

of in when melted 6,450 Bars, when recoined.

Guineas exchanged Pounds Sterling. . into 6,4 50 Bars. at 17j, 10 \d. per oz.

4»643>973i £ d. 4,876,171 18 3 lb. 100,659 254 £s. 4»7°3>300 9 7

Lois thereon.

172,871

r. d.

8 8

*775»

May 15th.

Paid for melting, Fluxing, and Allaying, of the said Gold Received of MelF' Nefbitts and C°, by Order of the Lords of

the Treasury, in part of this Account

- £ 52>5°°’ — —

Interest on the said £ 52,500, frortl the 15th May to the 20th

Day of Sept, ijj^,at the Rkteofj£. 3 per Cent, per Ann. - 552 6 6

5,224 10 —

178,095 18 8

53>°52 6 6

Interest for sundry Sums advanced in Exchange for the above Gold Coin, as <pJl the Account, hereunto annexed — -»*---

125,045 11 2

94,4 68 17 10

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of.

Ordered, That the Five first of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Two last of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to

Trent whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of and Mersey the Navigation from The Trent to The MerJ'ey, was Navigation, referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to

Vol. 35.

Remains unlktisfied £./ 219,512 10 —

A. NewUtrrd, Cashier.

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Your Committee find, that a Bill is depending in the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation, from The Trent to The M to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation on the South Side of Harecajp/e, in the County of Stafford, to , and

a Rail-Way from thence to , and to continue

the Canul from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County, and to make other Rail-Ways from the said Canal. And,

Mr. Hugh Henshall, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That by proper Surveys lately made, the said proposed Canal may be continued from Chedleton by Cunjull to Froghall, in the said County of Stafford,

8 U Irum

718 a 4* Jprilis. A. 17 76.

from whence a Rail-Way may be made to or near the Lime Works and LimeRo'ne Quarries at or near Cal Jon aforesaid, which will be more convenient to the Public than the said Course by

And it appeared to your Committee, that the said propoi'ed Canal and Rail-Ways are intended to be 684 Chains and 85 Links ir. Length, and that the Owners ot' I-antis, through which they are to be made, are contenting thereto, except the Length of 55 Chains, who declared their Dissents, and of 33 Chains 20 Links, who declared themselves neuter.

Ordered, That it be an lnftrudion to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Alerfey, to make a navigable Ganal, from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecoflle, in the County of Stafford, to Chcdleton, and a Rail-Way from thence to Sharpclffe, and to continue the Canal from thence to or near in the said County, and

to make other Rail-Ways from the said Canal, is committed; that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to continue the said Canal from Chedteton, by Cunfall, to and for making a

Rail-Way from thence to or near Guidon aforesaid, in-Head of the Course mentioned in the said Bill from Chcdleton, by Sharpclffe, to or near Guidon.

Scrrvtton Lord Edward Bentinck presented to the House, ac-Indofnre. cording to Order, x Bill to confirm and eHabiilh the Divilton and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the FirH Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hinde’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, iciilcment. in the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bone and Saint Pancras,

or One of them, in the County of to the

Uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the Settlement nude on the Marriage of Jacob Hindi, Esquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne his Wife, with Power

to make such Leases thereof as in the said Act arc mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Combe, Mr. Brett, he.: And they are meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Noniitgion, Ripple, Siberlfwou/d, and other

Places, lying in the Neighbourhood of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands artd Grounds within the General Tallies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid; and setting forth, That the Petitioners and other the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough of Deal, and of the several other Villages and Places above mentioned are supphed with Goods from,

and other Places, by Vessels trading to the Port of Sandwich, and that there is no Port or Place from which the Petitioners can receive Goods so expeditiously, or at so easy and cheap a Rate, as they do from Sandzvich; and that the Petitioners Annually fend considerable Quantities of Corn, and divers Goods and Merchandize to London and other Places, by Vessels trading from Sandwich; and that they cannot export such Corn, Goods, or Merchandize, from any other Port or Place so conveniently as from the Port of Sandwich; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Powers thereby given will tend to the DeHruction of the Navigation of Sandzvich Harbour, and consequently to the great Injury and Detriment of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that the Bill may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of sundry Persons, Branch Pilots, Owners, SanduuA and Masters of Vessels trading from divers Places Dtaiiuge. along the Coaff of England, to London and other

Places, wras also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and letting forth, That the Harbour of Sandwich is a safe and convenient Harbour, and affords Shelter to CoaHing Vessels in hard Gales of Wind; and the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill shoukl be passed into a Law, the Navigation into the said Harbour, and the Harbour itself, will be greatly injured, if not totally destroyed: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

HorrHon

Ir.cloUire.

CheHer Tort.

SinJwich

Drainage.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mom*, tain Common or L ninclosed Piece or Parcel of Com- to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the monable Land or Ground, within the Manor or Parish Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read, of ITcfl Herndon, in the County of Essex, was read a And the said Order being read accordingly;

Second Time. Ordered, That Surplules, Hated the 5th Day of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. April 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Harvey, Mr. GaJ'coyne, he.: And they are to meet Ordered, That Surplules, Hated the 10th Day of

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s October 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Chamber. Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Mo-

ney given for the Service of the Year 1775 has been A Bill for erecting Light Iioufes and Land Marks disposed of, diHinguished under the several Heads, in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys until the 24th Day of 1776, and the Parts re-

upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the maining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be laid Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons referred to the said Committee.

towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Ordered, That the Account of the Money remain-Chester, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Sinking

respectively, was read a Second Time. Fund, for the Disposition of Parliament, on the 5th

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grof- Day of April 1776, after satisfying the several Charges veuor, Mr. IFilbra ham Bootle, Sec.: And they are to and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Committee.

Speaker’s Chamber. Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remain-

ing in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Dif-A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and potition of Parliament, on the 3th of April 1776,

Borough ot Deal, Ash, Uingham, Ham, Eastry, Bets- arilen by the Duties on Rice exported, which was im-

hanger, North bourne, Alwgeham, Sholden, IFoodneJ-ported into this Kingdom Duty-free; by the Duties

borough, Word, Adisham, Barf on, Coldred, Ey thorn, on Sugars, Camhricks, granted by an Act of the

14 *- 6th "V

16 Geo. III. 24"- — 25"^/Hits.

719

6th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and by the Duty on Apples imported; and also the Monies paid by the Counties which have not raised the Militia, pursuant to an Act: of the 9th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and of Impress Monies repaid there, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Accounts of Sales of Lands in the ceded Island% transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 1 ft of jfu/y 176^ (which was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1766) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the' Account of the Sales of Lands in the islands of DominicaTobago, and St. , i n 1766 (which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1767) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Sales of Land in the ceded Wands in 1767, transmitted by the Commissioners appointed for such Sales the 18th Day of July 1767 (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1768) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the general Account of Sales of His Majesty’s Lands in the Southern Caribbee lllands, ir\ the Years 1765, 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769 (which, was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of April 1770) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War (which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of March 1764) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Sales of Lands " in Dominica, 9th April 1770," (which was presented. to the House upon the 16th Day of 1772.) be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itlelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Com mi t tee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the LToufe, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Adorning next, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to 'consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bounty Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday TVforn-on ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Flax Seed. Uouj'e> to consider of what further Encouragement it may be proper to give, to promote the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, for a limited Time.

WhiieFishery. Resolved, That this House will, upon Adorn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of what further Encouragement it may be proper to give to the Whale Fiftiery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee of this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Yen of the Clock.

t

Jovisy 2 50 die Apr ills;

Anno 16* Georgii IIltViRegis, 1776. Prayers.

JOES OLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Adorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and 'fraders of the Towh and County of " (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Bill for lighting and watching the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the feme more commodious, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Taylor, Sir John HyndeCotton, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampftecd, and other

Roads in the said \A&s mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the rdpeCive Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hatnpjlead, and from St. Gilts's Pound to to

make a new Road, from the great Northern Road at Ifington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road, from the said new Rond near Queen's Rozv to Bagnigge IVaft; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads, was read a Second Time.

Resolved That the Bill be. committed to Mr. Penton, Mr. Howard, be. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply.

ExjV>r* ,7

Portsmouth

Streets.

Highgatfr

and

Hampitead

Roads.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Hindon Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-tlecbon. night, resolve itlelfinto a Committee of the whole I Joule, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Ele«5liorrs of Members to lerve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Flinclon, in the County of Wilts.

\ -Vol. 35.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Bowd*» Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Com- Indoiure. mon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within

the Parish and Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester^ was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An ^\ct for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, jmd other Commonable Lands, within the

Pari (li

Owen's

EAaters.

Countess

of

Maflareenc's

£lUte.

Horncck's

Divorce.

Newnliam

Ertutes.

Chester

Port.

720 . 25* Jprilis. . A. 1776.

Parish and Liberties of Great in the County of

Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Skipwith reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of Sarah Owen, Spinster, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Tru flees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwith do carry the Bill do the Lords, and accquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging certain Lands, in the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of Derby, from the Payment of a Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds a Year, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A<fl to discharge certain Lands, heretofore Part of the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Eyre, Esquire, deceased, situate within the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of Derby, from the Payment of a certain Fee Farm Rent of One hundred Pounds a Year, and for securing the same on other Parts of the said Estate.

Ordered, That Sir Cecil IVray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Ixjrds, intituled, An Acfl to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Horneck, Esquire, with Sarah Keppel, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Acfl for veiling Part of the settled Estates of John Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Suffix, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vernon, Mr. Knightley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth. That, by an Acfl passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the said Corporation were at all Times thereafter impowered to ereefl and maintain such and so many Beacons, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, in such Places of the Sea Shores and Uplands near the Sea Coasts or Fore-lands of the Sea only, for Sea Marks, whereby Dangers might be avoided, and Ships the better come into their Ports without Peril; and that, by Letters Patent granted by the said Queen, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage

was granted to the said Corporation and their Successors for ever; and under which Grant the Petitioners are solely entitled to exercise that Office, and to the cretfl-ing and maintaining of all Light Houses, Beacons, Buoys, and other Marks and Signs for the Sea, in all Places in or upon the Sea, Places navigable, and Channels for passing into or out of Havens or Rivers, or Sea Coasts near the Sea, Uplands, or Forelands, or other Places near unto the Sea, as they shall think necessary or convenient; and that, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, the Petitioners are entitled to all Fees, Advantages, Salaries, Profits, and Rights, payable or appertaining to the said Office; and that, upon a Reference from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Petitioners lately considered of the Utility of a Light House on the Point of Air, in Flint shire, for the Security of Navigation between Dublin and Chester, as well as Liverpool, and represented to their Lordships, that such Light House would be of public Utility, and that they would carry' the same into Execution, in the usual Way, according to the Powers and Authorities vested in them; and that the Petitioners have been lately informed, by the Votes, that a Bill hath been brought into the House, by which it is proposed, that certain Trustees shall be impowered to erect Two Light Houses, the one at the said Point of Air, and the other at a Place called in Flint*

shire, and to erect Land Marks and place Buoys at certain Places near the Port of Chester, and to take certain Duties from Shipping for defraying the Expences attending the lame; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Bill should pals, the same will very materially affetfl their Rights, and that they are ready and willing to exercise their laid Right and Power in the Erection of the said Light Houses and other Marks for the Sea, and placing Buoys, as intended by the said Bill, they having a due Compensation in respect thereof by Duties on Shipping: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, against lb much of the said Bill as empowers the erecting of Light Houses or other Marks or Signs for the Sea, or the Placing of Buoys, without the Petitioners License and Consent; and that the said Bill, as the same now Hands, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting Light Houses and Land Marks in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruiflion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Clipfton and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Person possessed of Half a Yard Land, who is in North America-, and also except

Ann

Clipfton

and

Newbold

Inclosure.

Yclvcrtoft

luciol'ure.

Weedon Beck

I aclosure.

Liardet *s Patent.

16 Geo. III. 25° ^dprilis*

Ami Eaton, possessed of Three Quarters of a "Vard

land, who refuted to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 84 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) 5 and that the Committee: had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Yelver toft, in the County of

Northampton, was committed; That the Committee laa.cl examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Eight Yard Lands anu Three Quarters, and Three Cottagers, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the I^ands intended to be inclosed, consists of Forty-one Yard Lands, and that there are Five Cottage Commons; and that no Person. appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout» and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted. '

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable hands and Grounds, of and in Over F/eedon Beck and Nether within the Parish and Liberties ot IVeedon , in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to 1STr. Powys, Mr. Knight ley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sp caker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Considerat ion the Amendments made by die Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, Iris lixecu-tors, Administrators, anti Assigns, the lole Uie and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a limited Time.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. x, 1. 15) Leave out " with a certain. G reate & 16.) " therein mentioned."

I.21. Leave out from "Years" to "And" in Press 2, Line 3.

Pr. 2, 1. 3. Leave out from " Whereas " to "To"

in Press 3, -Line 3; and insert " unless the Term granted by the said Letters Patent be pro-

VOL. 35.

" longed, and the Property of " the said John Liardet in the " said Invention better secured, " not only within that Part of " Great Britain called England, the " Dominion of Wales, the Town " of Berwick upon Tweed, and in " His Majesty’s Colonies and " Plantations abroad, but also " within that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, it will neither be " possible for the said John Liardet " to receive an adequate Recompence for his Labour, Expence, " and Time, nor for the Public at " large to reap the various Advantages in Point of Utility and " Oeconomy, as well as Omatpent " in Building, which would arise " from this Invention were its Use " universally diffused, and its Price " lowered, upon which the De-, " mand, and consequently the Pro-

" fits of the Proprietor mull de* " pend. And whereas, the Cement, from its Nature, grows " too hard for Use if not used soon " after it is made, and therefore " must be made where used, or " near it, from which Circumftartce " the Ule thereof has hitherto been " confined to the Metropolis, and " a few Miles about it, as training " Workmen, and directing Works, " is difficult and expensive. And " whereas, if the Term is not enlarged, the same narrow Plan " mu ft be continued; a general " Plan of erecting Works and " training Men all over the King* " dom, which is necessary, if the " Use of the Cement is to be " universal, cannot upon so short " a X^rolpedl be undertaken, the " Circle cannot be enlarged, and " the Price must continue such " as may indemnify the Proprietor " for his Expence, out of the Profits arising from a very finall " Consumption only, during his present Term."

Pr. 3, 1. 28. Leave out "Twenty-five" and inlert " Eighteen."

Pr. 4., 1. 21. The same Amendment.

1. 28. The same Amendment.

1. 34. The same Amendment.

Pr. c, 1. 17 7 After V occasioned " insert Clause

& 18.S (A).

Clause (A). " And whereas the said John Liardet " has hitherto furnished the said " Cement, at the Rate of Six Pence " per Foot Square on the Surfaces " of all plain Buildings, and Two " Pence per Foot running Measur for Arrifes: To the End " therefore that the Public may be " allured of the Advantage of " this Invention, at the same Price, " during the Continuance of this " Act, Be it further Enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That it " shall not be lawful for the said " John Liardet, his Executors,

" Administrators, or Assigns, during the Continuance of this Act,

" to alk, deniand/. or take, airy;.

8 X ’"greater

Poor

Returns.

Scotcli natural born Subje^b

'Richardson’s fecovery of L>tbts to the 'Cruxrn.

722

" greater Price than Six Pence by

" the Foot Square, and Two Pence * per Foot as aforesaid for Arrifes, " for covering any plain Work " with the aforesaid Cement or " Composition."

1. 33. Leave out " in this Act, or" and in the same Line, and Line 39, leave out " Instruments " and insert " Instrument" and in the same Line leave out " Specifications " and insert " Specification", alto in the same Line, and Line 40, leave out " hereinbefore and, " and also in the same Line, and Line 1, in Press 6, leave out " or some of them."

Pr. 6, 1. 6. After " notwithstanding " insert Clause (B).

Clause (B). " And be it hereby Declared and " Enacted, That every Objection " which might have been made to " the said Cements not being a new Invention within the true " Intent and Meaning of an Act of " the Twenty-first of James the First, sufficient to invalidate Letters Patent, may be made in Bar to any Action brought by virtue " or in consequence of this Act."

1. II. Leave out " Twenty-five" and insert " Eighteen."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 'agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Walden Hanmer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, which arc not under the Provisions of special Acts of Parliament, to make Returns upon Oath to certain Questions, to be specified in the Bill, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons, was committed; That tire Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his rlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to declare His Majesty’s natural born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens: And the same was received; and read the First Time

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Eduard Richardson, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Y'car 1756, Admiral Cotes, before the breaking out of the late War, took Four French Ships, which were lent 16

1776.

by him to Jamaica, and condemned as lawful Prizes; and that Edward Manning, of Jamaica, Esquire, deceased, was at that Time Prize-Agent to the Crown, and, upon the Condemnation of the said Ships, took Possession of them, which, together with their Cor-goes, were valued at £.22,200, and upwards, which Sum he never accounted for to the Crown; and that, in the latter End of the Year 1756, the said Edward Manning died, possessed of a real and personal Estate worth £. 120,coo, and his Executors took Possession of his said Estates, Part of which consisted of the said £.22,200, and prevailed upon the Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica to certify to the Lords of the Treasury that he died insolvent; and that the Petitioner, being an Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, about Eleven Years after the Death of the said Edward Manning, made a Discovery to the Lords of the Treasury, that the said Certificate was fraudulently obtained, and that the Estate and Effects of the said Edward Manning would amount to £. 70,000, and upwards, after Payment of his Debts and Legacies; in consideration whereof, the Petitioner received Assurances from the Lords of the Treasury, that he should be paid his Portion of the said £.22,200, as the same should, from time to time, be returned into the Exchequer, for making the said Discovery, and was requested to persevere in the said Investigation, and to spare no Pains and Expence in the Course of it; and that, in order to come at a true State of the Estate and Effects of the said Edward Planning, the Petitioner filed a Bill in Chancery against his Exccu-> tors, which he was expressly directed to do by one of the Secretaries of the Treasury; and the Petitioner, confiding in the said Assurances, did prosecute the said Bill with uncommon Zeal, and was put to great Trouble and Expence in obtaining a Decree in the said Suit, and an Examination of the said Decree, whereby the Existence of the said Estate and Effedcs, to the Amount aforesaid, hath been established; and that the Petitioner acquainted the then Lords of the Treasury with the Account of the said Estate and Eff'edls, and in Consequence thereof their Lordships sent over Orders to Jamaica, and his Majesty’s Officers there took Possession of the said Estate and Effects, and have ever since been in Possession thereof; and that, in the Year 1775, divers Quantities of Silver, amounting to £. 10,000, and upwards, raised from the said Estate and Effects, arrived in,

in Part of the said £. 22,200, subject to tire Directions of the Lords of the Treasury; and upon the Arrival thereof, the Petitioner attended their Lordships, and made divers Applications to them for his Portion promised him, but was always so unfortunate as not to meet with due Encouragement; and that the Petitioner in the last Session of Parliament, prevailed with their Lordships to permit him to present a Petition to the House, upon Condition he w'ould submit such Petition to their Lordships Correction; and accordingly the Petitioner prepared a Petition, and laid it before their Lordships for their Approbation, who expunged from it the material Parts that stated the Petitioner’s Merit, and informed him, by One of their Secretaries, tint if he did not like it in that Shape, he would never get any Thing; and that, on the 2d of May 1775, the said Petition was presented to the House, when the House was pleased to resolve, that £. 550 should be paid to the Petitioner, in Reward and full Satisfaction for his Information and Assistance; and that the Petitioner hath received by Instalments 475 in Part < f the said £.550, but the Residue hath been withheld from him under Pretence that it was due for Fees and Perquisites; and that the Petitioner hath expended, in prosecuting the said Suit in Chancery £. 300, and upwards, for the Costs of that Suit, and ^.300 more incurred in the Course of tracing out the said Estate and EffeCls, anJ for Eight Years pall hath bellowed the

belt

250 Apr

Ways and Means.

16 Geo. III. 250 . 7*3

best Part of his Time in pursuing those Objetfts; and the surviving Executor of the said Edward Manning, being greatly incensed against the Petitioner formaicing the said Discovery, hath for these seven Years past, (topped the Payment of £. 50 a Year due to the Petitioner, and charged upon the said Estate and Effects; and that the Petitioner’s Expences and Losses greatly exceed the said £.550, and the same being professedly granted for the Information and Assistance given by him for the Discovery aforesaid, no Provision was made by the said Resolution as a Compensation for the said Expences and Losses; and that Mr. the

only acting Executor of the said Edward Manning in England, upon the breaking out of the said Discovery offered the Petitioner £. 1000 to suppress the same 5 and soon after the filing of the said Bill in Chancery, the said Francis Baxter offered to pay down to the Petitioner £. 3,000 for the Money which it was presumed was due to the Petitioner for his. Portion promised him of the said £. 22,200; and that the ^Petitioner immediately attended one of the then Lords of the Treasury, and acquainted him with the said Offer, who directed the Petitioner not to accept it, and did thereby, as the Petitioner is advised, pledge the Public Faith, that the Petitioner should have a Recompense at least equal to the Loss he should sustain in complying with the said Direction; and that the Petitioner actually sustained l'uch Lois, and in consequence thereof made frequent Requisitions to the Lords of the Treasury to provide a Recompense for him suitable to it, but they constantly refilled so to do; and the Petitioner is advised, that, as he has sustained such I/>ls by complying with the said Direction, a great Injury is brought upon him, and he is therefore in Justice entitled to be replaced for it; and that, having expended £. 600, and being deprived of the Annuity, and refilling of the £. 3,000, all which Sums amount to £. 4,450, and having been also very oppre(lively withheld from every pecuniary Assistance from their Lordships during the whole Prosecution, the Petitioner was constrained by the Law-Demands occasioned thereby, to receive any Part their Lordships thought proper to offer under the said Resolution of the House i and that the Petitioner, from the several Allegations above recited, thinks it prudent to decline his full Compliance with that Part of the said Resolution, which orders the above Sum of £, 550 to be in full Satisfaction for his said Discovery, and is ready to verify the Allegations aforesaid: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioner such Relief (herein, as to them shall teem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the H.efblotions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Rejotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of £. 2,000,000 shall be raised in Manner following; that is to lav, the Sum of/. 1,400,000 by Annuities, after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, with an additional

Capital thereto, in manner herein after mentioned 5 and the Sum of £. 600,000 by a Lottery, attended with like £. 3 per Cent. Annuities.

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of £. 2,000,000 shall, in respect of every One hundred Pounds by him subscribed, upon Payment of £. 70 to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Coav-

VOL. 35.

pany of the Batik of England, at the Times herein after mentioned, have and be entitled to the principal Sum of £.77. ioj. in Annuities, after the Rate of ^.3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of April

177 6; the first Payment thereon to be made for One Quarter, from the said 5th Day of April 1776, to the 5th of July following; and fuc-h Contributors, upon x Payment of the further Sum of £. 30 on each 100 lo subscribed, shall have and receive from the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers Three Tickets (as soon as the same can conveniently be made out) in a Lottery to consist of 60,000 Tickets, of the Value of £.10 each, amounting to the Sum of £.600,000, the Whole of which Sum shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the said Contributors, and shall be attended with like £. 3 per Cent. Annuities to commence from the 5th Day of January 1777*

That the Sum of £. 1,400,000, to be contributed for £. 3 per Cent. Annuities as aforesaid, together with the additional Capital of £.7. 10 J. for every £. 70 to be paid in to the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers, making in the Whole £. 1,550,000, and the Sum of /. 600,000,

the Amount of the Prizes in the Lottery, shall, from the Time of their respective Commencements, be added to and made One Joint Stock with the 3 Cent. Annuities Consolidated per Acts 25, 28, 29, 32, and 33 Geo. II. and by several subsequent Acts, and charged upon the Sinking Fund, and shall be payable (except as to the Annuity after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, to be paid for One Quarter to the 5th of July 1776, in respect of the Sum of £. 77. ioj. to be allowecl each Contributor of/. 70 as aforesaid) and transferable at the Bank of England, and subject to Redemption, in the same Manner as the said £. 3 per Cent. Consolidated Annuities are payable and transferable there, and redeemable by Parliament.

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of £. 2,000,000 shall, on or before the 30th Day of this Instant April, make a Deposit with the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of £.1 5 per Centum, on the whole Sum by

him subscribed, as a Security for making the respective future Payments to the said Cashiers of the Bank of England, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to lay,

0° £. 1,400,000 for Annuities.

£.\ t>per Cent, on or before the 30th of May nelt.

£ 20 per Cent, on or before the 28th of June next.

£. 15 per Cent, on or before the 3 ift of July next.

£ 15 per Cent.on or before the 10th of September next.

£. 20 perCent. an or before the 24th of October next.

On £. 600,000 Lottery.

£. 25 per Cent, on or before the 14th of June next.

/. 30 per Cent, on or before the 10th of August next.

f. 30 per Cent, on or before the 3d of October next, that all the Monies so to be received by the (Lid Chief CalbieT or Cashiers of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall then have" been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor, who pay in the Whole of his Contribution Money towards the said Sum of £. 1400,000 to be contributed for Annuities, at any Time after the 5th Day of July next, and before the 7th Day of September following; or on account of his Share in the said Lottery for £. 600,000, on or before the 8th of August next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the Sum so completing his Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 24th Day of next, in regard to the Sum paid on account of the

Ways and Means*

724 250 Apr His. A. 1776.

aforementioned Sum to be paid for Annuities; and to the ;d Day of October next, in respect of the Sum paid on account of the said Lottery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to\v;u-ds making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be blued and applied the Sum of Nine hundred and Eighty tliQuland Four hundred Forty-one Pounds One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day ot April 1776, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen, of the Surplufes, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, computing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million Eight hundred and Thirty-keen thousand Four hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds*! hree Shillings and 'Fen Pence, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplulcs, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Eleven thousand Four hundred Forty-four Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1776, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies arisen by the Duties on Rice exported, the Duties on Sugars and Cambricks granted by an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, the Duty on Apples imported, the Monies paid by the Counties which have not raised the Militia, and also of Imprest Monies repaid there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Rate or Duty, of Twenty Shillings per Annum, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for

and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaifc with Four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any Person for his or her own L ie, or to be let out to Hire (other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages as now are, or hereafter may be licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches); which said additional Duty of Twenty Shillings shall, from time to time, be paid down in like Manner, and at the same Time, and be raised, collected, and paid by the same Means and Methods, and under the like Rules and Penalties, as the Annual Duty of Four Pounds, given and granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, is directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the LTe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaifc.with Four Wheels,. Caravan, or by what Name loever such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept by or for any Per Ion, and employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within this Kingdom, as.public Stage Coaches (other than and except such Coaches and other Carriages as shall be licensed by the Commissioners for the Duties arising by Hackney Coaches) the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds for even' such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, and Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriages now arc, or »4

hereafter may be called or known, so to be kept and employed as aforesaid, the said Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons who keep the fame.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be charged for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Indenture, Leak,

Bond, or other Deed (for which a Stamp Duty of One Shilling is jiayable by virtue of an Act, made in the 30th Year of his late Majesty) over and above the several Duties now payable thereon.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Halfpenny be charged upon every Newspaper printed in Britain, to be dispersed and made public, over and above the Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pack of Playing Cards made fit for Sale or Ule in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof, over and above the Duties.now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty ot Two Shillings and Six Pence be charged upon every Pair of Dice made fit for Sale or Ule in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof, over and above the Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such of the Monies as shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the 5th Day of April 1776, and on or before the 5th Day of April 1777, of the Produce of the Duties charged by Two Acts, made in the Fifth and Fourteenth Years of flis present Majesty’s Reign, upon the Importation and Exportation ot Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, be applied towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Refutations being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord North, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Mr. Cornwall, M/. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the 7th of the Re- Supply solutions, which, upon the 10th Day of November last, were reported from tire Committee of the whole 1 louie, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followcrh; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen " thousand and Seventy-two Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty (out of the Monies,

" or Savings, remaining of the Grants in the last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty’s Forces, and for the Charge of " Levy Money for the Augmentation to Major General " Preston'sRegiment of Light Dragoons) towards dc-

" fraying the Charge of Levy Money for the Augmentation to His Majesty’s Britishand Forces, for " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventyfix."

The House was also moved, That the last of the Resolutions, which, upon the 7th Day of December last, were reported from the Committee of the whole

Iloule,

16 Geo. III.

General Index to the

Journals.

Plundering

Shipwrecks.

House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thovj

" sand Nine hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds and " Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty (out of*

" the Monies or Savings, remaining of the Grant " in the last Session of Parliament, for the Charge of " an Augmentation to His Majesty's Forces, for the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five)

" towards defraying the Charge of several Augmentations " to His Majesty’s Forces, from their respective Commencements, to the 24th Day of One thoix-

" sand Seven hundred and Seventy-five."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Uesolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Rills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the Persons who had been employed by him for the Purpose of making a General Index to the Journals of this House, had made a considerable Progress in the Execution of that Work, and that Specimens of Parts thereof had been printed, by his Direction, for the Inspection of the Members of the House, and that Mr. Speaker was desirous that the same might now be submitted to the Con liberation of the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inlpcct the Progress that has been made by the several Persons appointed by Mr. Speaker, to make a General Index to the Journals of this House; and that they do report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. TVlr.

Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow NIorning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Burkepresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for preventing the inhuman Practice of plundering Ships that are shipwrccked on the Coasts of Great,

and for the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Merchants and Insurers of the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read;

taking Notice of the said Bill; and representing to the House, That the Petitioners, having sustained great LolTes from the Inefficacy of the Laws in being, conceive, that if Persons were encouraged by Rewards, or otherwise it was made the Interest of those, who, by their local Situation, are best enabled to render A Alliance, that then such would warmly exert themselves, as well to preserve the Lives of our brave Seamen, and protest and save Property under such distressful Circumstances, as to prosecute and bring to condign Punishment those who have dared to offend 5 and the Petitioners, having experienced the happy Effects of the Laws adopted by feme other European Powers, when Vessels have been unfortunately wrecked on their Coasts, cannot but think some Regulation to be exceedingly necessary for the Protection of Commerce, and Preservation of our Seamens Lives, from which, our national

VOL. 35.

Riches and Strength are derived, and which rr.av prove an effectual Means of putting a Stop to a (*ra£uce which hath long reflected a Diigrace on this Nation;

And therefore praying, That such a Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Turnpike

13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Laws.

tuled, " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into

" One Ad of parliament, the general Laws now in

" being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that

" Part of Great Britain, called E, and for other Purposes," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring irt a Bill, to'

explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Gafeoyne, Mr. Feilde, Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr.

Elwes, Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Gilbert, and Sir Joseph

Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and Turnpike, others. Occupiers of Lands in the West Riding of the ftRoJds:-County of York, in Behalf of themselves and others, \vh*c)s° was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, by an Act, made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, it is Enacted, That, from and after the 29th of September , 1776, all Waggons, and other Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of leis Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, shall pay double Tolls for passing through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, where Tolls shall be payable by virtue <5f any Act of Parliament; and that the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, and other Carriages, to be used upon any Turnpike Road,

.shall be counterfunk, lb (hat the Nails shall not rife above the Surface; and the Owner of every Carriage offending therein, shall forfeit 40 s. and the Driver, not being the Owner, 20 s.for every Offence; and that many Farmers, and others, residing at a considerable Distance from any Turnpike Road, and being obliged to drive through narrow La. ties, and over Moors, several Miles before they come to the Turnpike Road, which Lanes and Moors are, aac3, from the Nature of the Soil, and Want of proper Materials for repairing such Roads, mull for ever be in such Condition as to be impradicable to be used with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, it will be cjuite impossible for the Petitioners, and many others in the like Situation, to get to any Market Town with the Produce of their Lands, or for carrying on their other Concerns, except with Narrow Wheeled Carts and Waggons; and that the additional heavy Toll, laid by the said Act upon Narrow-wheeled Carriages, is so excessive, that the Petitioners, and others, the Occupiers of Lands in the like Situation with them, will be thereby drove to the greateffc Distress; and that the additional Expence, which the Petitioners and others must necessanly be put unto, in getting the Tire of the Wheels of their several Carriages countersink, will be such as several of the "Petitioners are not well able to bear, unless they have further Time allowed them for the wearing out the Tire, which now and heretofore hath been used: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confi.deration, and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee :And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House.

A.nd it is referred to Sir George Savile, Mr. Lafeeiles,

&c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

8 Y Nine

25° — 26° Apritis. A. 1776.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and a Committee of the whole House, to conficler. of so have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign and all who come to the Committee are to, have of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regu-Voices. " late the Importation and Exportation of Corn," as

relates to the Ports and Places into which Corn and

County The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Grain may be imported and landed without Payment Bridges, &c. 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George of the Duties.

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more easy Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

" assessing, collecting, and levying, of County Rates," Mr. Mackworth took the Chair of the Committee, might be read. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the same was read accordingly. Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, That

The House wras also moved, That an Act, made in they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed the 9th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- him to report, when the House will please to receive tituled, " An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace* the fame.

" in the General Quarter Sessions . of their respective Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

V ‘Counties-'and Divisions, to repair the Shire Halls, Morning.

" County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Af-

lizes, or Grand Sessions, are usually held," might The other Order of the Day being read; be read. Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednefaay Morri-

And the same being read accordingly; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to House, upon the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the said

Acts, so far as the same relate to public Bridges, and And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

to County Halls, or Shire Houses: And that Sir James Morning, Ten of the Clock.-

Lozvther and Captain Johnstone do prepare, and bring in,

the fame. *

Foreign

Troops.

88.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it is the Opinion of this House, that the introducing of Foreign Troops into any Part of the ‘Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain, without the previous Consent or Approbation of the Parliament of . Great Britain, is contrary to the Principles of the Constitution, and not warranted by Law;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ? S' ]

’(Mr. Byng: 5

f The Lord Advocate of 1

Tellers for the Noes, i Scotland, ‘ >149.

t Sir John Irwine. J

So it passed in the Negative.

Address Resolved9 Nernine Contradicente9 That an humble Ad-on the dress be presented to His Majesty, to congratulate His

pSceft1 Majesty on the safe Delivery of the Queen, and the Birth of another Princess; and to allure His Majesty, that every Addition* to His Domestick Happiness affords the highest Satisfaction to His Faithful Commons.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Offices The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

mp^oymeats. Upon gjj tQ jn(jemnify such Persons as have omitted' to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify ' Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admilfions have been omitted to he stamped according to Law* or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; . *

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Importation of Corn.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into ao

Veneris, 26°;

Anno 16® Georgii IIP1- Regis, 3776. Prayers.

SI R Thomas Eger ton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of MancJicJier, and for opening new Streets or Passages within the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him tp report to the House - and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Onrcc read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iiigrolTed.

Sir John Goodriche reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his said Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road's from Selby to Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the said Road from Selby' to Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Ta drafter to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of Yorfc, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftcrwaVds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments-were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, witl^ the Amendments, be ingrossed. ’

Lord

Insolvent

Debtois,

Mancheldl

Streets,

Selby, Road

16 Geo. III. 16^ ^4pritis.

Clarebrcugh

and

Welham

Inclosure.

1

Tr«nt

and

Mersey

Navigation

Nuthall’s

Eftato.

RqJge's

Will.

Lard Edward Bent inchreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Clarcbrough and Welham, in the Parish of CiarebroitgJ/9 in the County of Nottingham, was committed; I'hat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1 77.4.,

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of Lands of the Annual Value of S, who through Mistake was not applied to; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands to Vpe inclosed amounts to £. 1,240. ioj.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b>e ingrossed.

Sir William Bagot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The , to

make a navigable Canal, from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Hareeajll in the County of Stafford, to Chedleton, and a Rail-Way from thence to Sharpcliffe;and to continue the Canal from thence

to or near Caldon, in the said County, and to make other Rail-Ways from the said Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Benjamin Yard ley, and William Adams, Owners and Proprietors of the several capital Water Corn Tvlills of Chedleton, Milton, and Bttcknall, in the County of Stafford, and of the several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Farmers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being resident in or near the several Parishes, Townships, or Places of Chedleton, Milton, and Bucknall aforesaid, in Behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants thereof, was referred: That no Person appeared before the Committee, in support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of - the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Hett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A. <51 to enable William Majlerman and Thomas Francis, Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and Copyhold Estates of Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MeflTengers withdrew.

Mr. Cooper reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A n for

veiling a Leasehold Messuage, in Square, in

the Parish of Saint George, Hanover in the

Vol. 35-

County of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of Edward

Pudge, Esquire, queeased, in Trustees, to be sold, and other the Purposes therciii mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An i ngrofled Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Telvertoft, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, A.n Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable lands', of and within the Parish and Liberties of Yclvertoft, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Clipflon and Newbcld, otherwise Mob aid, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Comrhonafole Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Clipston and otherwise Nobald,

in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Cone tjrrence.

Mr. Elwes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and i nclosing certain Open and uncultivated Lands and T*xacts of Waste Ground, called Crowcombe Heathfield, and Heddon, and Parcel of Quantock Hills, withi lithe P*arifli of Crowcombe, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Indofore, had been complied With; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,' to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committefe had gone through the^ Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards’ delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Cnee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. 'Tyomas Hill reported from the Committee, to whom

'the Pet i tion of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto fuY}scribe,d, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, paired in the 24th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, 0 in

Yelvcrto/t Inclosure <

Cli pflorf and New bold Inclosure*

Crowcombe

Inclosure.

Ludlow,

See.

Roads.

Chatham

Street*.

728 26' Jprilis. A. 1 ~~6.

in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Benjamin Baugh, Town Clerk of Ludlozv, being examined, laid. That in pursuance of the said Act, the Trustees thereby appointed have completed the said ltoads; but in order to enable them so to do, have borrowed £. 2,400, or thereabouts, on the Credit of the Tolls, which, together with the Monies collected, have been duly applied; yet the said Roads cannot be maintained in sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are further enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Thomas Hill and Mr. Johnes do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the City of in

the County of Kent, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of the Proprietors, Householders, and Inhabitants, of that Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret, next the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, which lieth on the South Side of the High Street of Chatham, in the County of Kent, commencing at, and extending from, a Boundary Stone, placed at the End of Chatham Parish, next a certain Place called The Chapel Steps, in the said Parish of Chatham, Westward, to a certain House called The Round-about House, at or near Saint Margaret's Bank, and from thence along the Bank called Saint Margaret's Bank, Westward, to a certain Public-House or Inn late called The Flying Horse, and now The Horse and Groom, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the said County of Kent, were referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, 1 e ingrossed.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, embanking, and prclerving, certain Pen Lands and Low Grourids, called The Farts, Farms, Alderlots, and Beaches, in the Parishes of G/atlonand Holme, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Two Parts and One Alderlot, who could not be found; and also except the Proprietors of Nine Parts and Six Alderlots, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to he drained consists of 107 Parts and an Half, and 30 Alderlots; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Lord Hinchingbrook reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, to congratulate His Majesty on the happy Delivery of Her Majesty, and on the Birth of another Princess, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty was pleated to receive the same very graciously; and returns Thanks to this House, for this further Instance of their affectionate Attachment to Him and His Family.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider flirt her of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, [hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1775, has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 24th Day of April 1776; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied,

with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st of 1775,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year 1775," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufcs, stated the 5th Day of April 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplufcs, stated the 1 oth Day of October 1775, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Houl'c relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,. That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered»

Glartcfi

ai>d

Holme

Drainage.

Answer

to

Addressk

Supply.

16 Geo. III. i6° ^dbrilis. 749

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His JVla-jesty.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next>

Elections. The House according to Order, resolved itself into a.

Committee of the whole House, to consider of a more effectual Method of securing the Freedom of Eletftions of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of a more effectual Method of securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

13 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation *f of Corn," as relates to the Ports and Places into which-Com and Grain may be imported and landed without Payment of the Duties, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the same was read j and is as fbl-loweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That Com, Graih, and Flour* imported into the Port of Prejlouy be allowed to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Com, Grain* and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of " Corn."

The said Resolution being read a second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exporting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to n*’

consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

Sandwich

Drainage.

Exporting Ero visions, &c.

lapertation of torn.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Kill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within The General Tallies , and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the limits aforesaid, was re-committed, be revived.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Plantations in The British Wesi Indies, Merchants in Glasgow, and others trading thither from the River Clyde, was prefer* teci to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the British Sughr Colonies have formerly been supplied with large Quantities of Flour and Grain from the Continent of North America, from which Supply they are now cut off by reason of the present Interruption of Commerce with America; and that the Quantities of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Bilcuir, now allowed by Law to be exported to the said Colonies, and from the Port of London only, will be greatly inefficient for the Sustenance and Use of the said Sugar Colonies, during the Continuance of such Interruption j And iherefore praying the House, to take this Matter into Consideration, and to grant permission for exporting the above Kinds of Provisions from the Ports of Greenock and Port Glasgow to The Wesi Indies, and to give such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Air. Mackworth, according to Ordfcr, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the

VOL. 35.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of allowing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, from the Port of London, to the Island of Si. Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of , trading to

’The East Indies.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee,

That they had come to fever^J Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, -when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Oliver also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poolf (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery earned on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House WayS to resolvo itself into a Committee of the whole House, and jvltan* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty j

The fdoufe was moved, That an Act, made in the 20th Yenj of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches and " other Carriages therein mentioned, and for raising the Sum of One Million, by way of Lottery, to be charged,

upon the said Rates and Duties," might be read.

8 Z And

4

Trent ind Mersey Navigation.

Se\\ry% &c. Roads.

Cii^tharn

Sifcrft.

7 JO 26° — 290 Aprilis. A. 1776.

And tha'-fnme Being read accordingly; made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for

r Ordered-, That it be an Inffruftioil to the said Com- paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets niittbe. That they do consider of to much of the said Act and Lanes in the Town and Parish of , in the

aa exempts Persons from the Payment of the Yearly Sum County of Kent, and for removing and preventing of Fdnr Pounds for more than Five Carriages. Nuisances and Annoyances therein j and to extend the

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High tnittee. Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Com- contiguous to the said Town, was read the Third Time*-tnittee. " RefoThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title

e Mr. Speaker, resumed the Chair. be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

-Sir-CifrArj Whitworth reported from the Committee, Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving.

That they had come to sevend'Reiblutions; which they cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes, haddireftedhirh to report, when the House will please to' in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of

receive the same. . Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and

.:DfdoKed, li\\it the Report be received upon Monday Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the Morning next. said. Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham as

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the'House, That are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and he was directed by the Committee to move, that they ham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the' may have :Leave to fit again.: laid Town.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

House, to.consider further of Ways and Means for raif-

ing the Supply granted to His Majesty. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain ciarebrough

Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free and *' And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn- Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships Welham

' ing next, Ten of the Clock. of Ciarebrough and Welham, in the Parish of Ciarebrough, nc 0 ure*

in the County of , was read the Third

Time.

Ref, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Ciarebrough and tlham, in the Parish of,

in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

AN ingrafted Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

prietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Na- _ An ingrafted Bill for draining, embanking, and pre- Glatton vigation, on the South Side of Harecafile, in the County serving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, called and Holme of Stafford, to Chedleton, and a Rail-Way from thence The Parts, Farms, Alderlots, and Beaches, in the Parishes luclosure* to Sharpcliffe, and to continue the Canal from thence to of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon, was or near Caldan, in the said County; and to make other read the Third Time.

Rail-Ways from the said Canal, was read the Third Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Time. . be. An Act for draining, embanking, and prefsrving,

Resolved%.That the Bill to pals: And that the Title certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called The Parts be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the and Alderlots, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, to make a County of.

navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Ordered, That the Lord to carry the Bill

Side of Harecafile, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

and a Rail-Way from thence to or near Caldon, in the

laid County, and to make other Rail-Ways; An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Crowcombe

Ordered, That Sir William Bagot do carry the Bill to Open and uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Inclosure.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Ground, called Crow combe Heathfield, and Heddott, and

Parcel of Qjuantock Hills, within the Parish of Craze-' An ingrafted Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers combe, in the County of was read the Third

of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Time.

Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for ex- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title plaining and amending so much of an Act, passed in the be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Opeq and Fourteenth Year of his said Majesty, for repairing and uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, enlarging the Roads from Selby to Leeds, and other called Crowcombe Heathfield, and and Parcel of

Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the said Road Quantock Hills, within the Parish of Crowcombe, in the from SeE>y to Leeds; and also for repairing the Road County of Somerset.

from Tadcaster to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of Ordered, That Mr. Elzves do carry the Bill to the the County of York, was read the Third Time. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

'Resolved, That the Bill do past: And that the Title . be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, An ingrossed Bill for obliging the Overseers of the poor

passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King Pbor, with’in the several Parishes and Places within that Return*.

George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road Part of Britain called which are not

from Tadcnjler- to Halton Dyal, in the West Riding of under the Provisions of special Acts of Parliament, to the County of York.- - make Returns upon Oath to certain Questions to be

Ordered, That Sir John Goodrieke do carry the Bill to specified in the Bill relative to the State of their Poor; the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and to authorize and requite the Justices of the Peace,

within their respective Divisions ajjd. Jurisdictions in the

An. ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, several Counties and, Cities in and Wales, to

..... 12 take

'kif.

-y.

Lunce, 2 90;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1776. Prayers.

16 Geo. III.

29

7J.*7

take such Returns uport Oath, and to cause them to be necessary to make Sewers previous to the paving the fame,'

besides a very heavy Poors Rate, sometimes amounting to 4 6 in the Pound; and that many of the Houses

within that Part of the said Parish are let at £.10 a Year and under, and the Occupiers thereof being Persons in low Condition, to whom the Taxes already George White, Esquire, One of tlxe assessed are a great Burthen, the same are with much

" Clerks of the House of Com- Difficulty collected from many of them; and that,

" mons." although the said Pavements lb carried on, and the

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question cleansing, lighting, and watching, the several Streets

transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons, was tead the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made t-o the Bill; viz."-

Pr. 1, 1. a?. After " transmitted" to insert " t>y

under the Direction of the Petitioners, are of great Utility to the Public, yet the said Parish is no way benefited by the several Street Tolls that have been granted to the Cities of London and and

other Places, to enable them to pave and light their

put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor* within the several Parillies and Places within that Part

of Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon. Streets, nor have they any Assistance from the Trustees Gath to certain Questions specified in the Act relative of any of the Turnpikes leading to the said Cities; to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require and the Petitioners conceive, that in case the Term the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divi — granted by the said Act should be enlarged, or any

fions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and other than the present Gates set up near to the said

Cities in England and Wales, to take such* Returns upon Avenues, or any additional Tolls collected at any of Gath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Cleric the Turnpike Gates leading to the said Parish, they of the House of Commons. will be entitled to receive some Proportion of the Tolls

Ordered, That Sir Walden Hanmer do carry the Bill to to be collected upon the Roads included in the said Act, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. towards reimbursing their heavy Expences, in continu-

ing to pave, cleanle, light, and watch, such of their A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by and Streets as make a Part of the said Avenues: And *n Pur^uance of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Roads!* U*s present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Relief and Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as shall Employment of the Poor, within that Part of the Parish appear reasonable ;or that they may be heard, by of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middlesex, themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said. and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regu- Bill as may affect them, or the Inhabitants of the said lating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Parish.

Yards, and Open Passages and Places, within the same, And a Motion being made, and the Question being

and for removing Annoyances therefrom, and for put, That the said Petition be referred to . the Considera-jnaking the Communication between Charter-housetion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Square and Saint John's Street, through Charter-house Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to Lane, more convenient; being offered to be presented them, to the House; to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be brought up;

Highgate

and

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tellers for the Yeas.

1

29.

14.

The House divided.

'The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Darker,

Mr. M:

Tellers for the Noes, ^M

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, L>y the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways

and other

A Bill to confirm and establish the Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of dWottingham, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Thoroton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead,

Purposes; and representing to the House, that the _ __

Petitioners have proceeded to carry into Execution the " veiling the settled Estates of William Upfold, Gentleman, Act under which they are appointed Commissioners, in the County of Middlesex and City of London, in and have expended many Thousand Pounds in com- Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands pleting the Paving of Cow Cross Street, Part of ^Turn-mill Street, and Saint John. Street, which constitute very considerable Parts of Two principal Avenues from the said Highways to Smithfield, and the City of London, the Wear and Tear whereof, on account of the great

and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir. ’Thomas Charles Bunbury,

Number of heavy Carriages and of Passengers passing Baronet, with the Right honourable Lady Sarah Lenox,

his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The L^orfls have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

through the fame, is very great; and which, finee the said paving and lighting hath been completed, is eon-fiderably increased, and the keeping the same in liepair

will be attended with much Expence; and, in order to enable the Petitioners to carry on the said Works, they have found it necessary to assess the Inhabitants within veiling an Estate in the County of Middlesex, which their District to the full Extent of the Powers given was settled by Richard Onslow, Esquire, deceased, on by the said Act; and that Part of the said Pu.ri fti now his Marriage with Poolley Walton, in Trustees, in order pays 2 s. 6 d.in the Pound at Rack Rents, for paving, that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and lighting, cleansing, and watching; Six Pence in the his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for Pound, for widening Charter-house Lane, and Six Pence in the Purchase thereof; and for inverting the Purchase the Pound in such Parts of the said Avenues \v Here it was Money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annui-XirgL. ties;

Screveton

Inclosure.

Upfold'3 Estates.

Ennbury’s

Divorce.

Onslow

and

Winter’s

Agreement.

DafllWOod*

Marriage

Settlement.

Onslow

and

Winter*

Agreement.

Bunbo ry*% Divorce.

Dafliwood’s

Marriage

Scttlp*cut.

Isle of Wight Poor.

Ludlow

6tc.

Rond.

73a 29° Aprilis. A, 177

ties; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords define the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Fere wood, Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an Estate in the County of Middlesex, which was settled by Richard Onslow, Esquire, deceased, on his Marriage with Poolley iV,in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew and

his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof, and for in veiling the Purchase Money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Skipwilk do make the Repqrt from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town

of Northampton, was committed.

Mr. Skipwith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Warwick

thro’

Southa-l

Road*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Baronet, with the Right honourable Lady Sarah Lenox, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Fere Dashwood, Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Sir Richard Worsley reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the fame; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing a House or " Houses of industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Rcception. Maintenance, and Employment, of the Poor " belonging to the several Parishes and Places within " the said Island," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I louie; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Thomas Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road ltading from the Town of in the County of Salop, through Woofferton, and Little to a

Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at in the County of

Hereford: And the same was received -r and read the First Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do make the Report Aneicfev from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Re- Co; p;r >.;.,'.es. verend Edward Hughes, Clerk, in Behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Copper Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, was referred.

Mr. Grenville accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; a State whereof they bad directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was lead; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fast contained in the said

Petition is as follows; viz.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Thomas Williams,

That there are Two considerable Mines of Copper in the Isle of Anglesey the Ore of which is near the Sur-

face, and that about 30,000 Tons have been taken up within the last Two Years; that the Mines are discovered to a great Extent, and appear at present almost inexhaustible; but that there is no Coal, or other Fuel, in the Isle proper for the Purpose of smelting the Ores:

That Coals brought into the Isle pay a Duty of 5 s. per Chaldron, besides Custom House Fees, which amount to near 2 s.6 d.a Chaldron more, exclusive of Freight:

That no Ore is smelted in the Isle, but is obliged to be carried to Bristol, Swansea, Neath, Warrington, and Liverpooli and that near 10,000 Tons have been smelted. at the above Places, the Expence of which exceeded £ 3,000:

That the Freight of this Ore to Briflof. Swansea, and Neath, is ior. and los.bd. a Ton, and to the other Places about 5J.

That above 20,000 Tons remaih on the Banks of the Mines unfinelted; and that the Ore is of an Inferior Quality, and contains a great Quantity of Sulphur and Drols, which consequently increases the Expence of Carriage — That a much greater Quantity might be smelted on the Spot, if Coals could be had free from Duty, but that it would not be worth the Proprietor’s While to pay the Duty on Coals for smelting the Ore at the Mines; and that none has been smelted there, nor any Duty paid at the Custom House on Coals used for that Purpose.

The Witness further laid. That if a Drawback of the Duties was allowed on Coals used for smelting Ore in the Isle of Anglesey, great Quantities could be smelted there, which would be of Advantage to the Proprietors, contribute to the Employment of the Poor in Anglesey, and prove beneficial to the Public in>general.

Then,

16 Geo. III.

733

Then an Act made in the Ninth Year of Her TVfa-jesty Queen Anne, intituled, "’An Act for reviving,

" continuing, and appropriating, certain Duties upon " several Commodities to be exported, anci certain *.* Duties upon Coals to be water-borne and carried Coastwise; and for granting further Duties, upon Candles " for Thirty-two Years, to raise Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service " for the Year 1711; and for suppressing fiicH unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are " therein mentioned," was read; by which it appeared, that aDrawback of the Duties was allowed on Coals used for smelting Copper and Tin Ores, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

Then an Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty the " Sum of One Million out of the Sinking Fund, and " for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for " the Service of the Year 1741; and for allowing a " Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire " Engines for draining Tin and Copper Mines in the " County of Cornwall; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for " making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery " Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the In dentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices," was read; by which it also appeared that a Drawback was allowed on all Coals used in Fire Engines, for draining the Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow IVIorn-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Weymouth Mr. Purling reported from the Committee, to wlxom Street*, the Bill for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places, within the Borough and Town of IVeyrmont h and Melcombe Regis, in the County of , and for re-

moving all incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, therein; and for paving certain Streets, Foot Paths, and other Places;rand for regulating the Hackney Chairmen within the said Borough and Town, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to "be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the BUI, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Crick A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Indoime. Common Fields, Common Pastures. Common N1 endows, and other Commonable Lands of and within the Panlh and Liberties ot Crick, in the Coun ty of ton; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Ongley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Nuthall’i An ingrossed Bill from the J,ords, intituled. An

Elutes. Act to enable William- Majlerm and "Thomas Francis,

Vo l.3$.

Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and Copyhold Estates of Thomas Nutha/l, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill, for Witnesses the Payment of Costs to Parties, and Charges to Con- Co*^b,tfs stables, Witnesses, and others, oh Complaints determined °Coils. before Justices of the Peace out of Sessions; for making a Constable’s Rate; and for the Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony, in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Charles Mellish, Sir Cecil fVray, and Mr. Mack worth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Whit-worth, according to Order, reported Way* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was on<* Mean*, referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vibe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Provision in an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting to His Majesty several Rates and D uties upon Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, which exempts Persons from the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Four Pounds for more than Five Carriages; be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One Milliqn Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1777, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of the said Resolutions; And that Sir Charles Whitworth, the Lord IMorth, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General Sir Grey Cooper, and Mr. Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Ditto, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bi{l, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the First of the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Sapply-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and (lifeharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

9 A intituled.

Drawback

on

Mullins,

&c.

Exporting Jr positions,

Jcc.

734

290 Aprilis.

A; 1776,

intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, " by I x>ans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1775," and charged upon the First Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to 11 is Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-four thousand and Ninety-six Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day oijuly 1775, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-teven thousand Three hundred Forty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year

*775- .

the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fonfider of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Mullins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Years 1773 and 1774.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of granting further Time to the East India Company, to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the 5th Day of April 1776, and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before the 31st Day of December 1776; and of the Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee,

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necef-laries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, be permitted, under certain Regulations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exportation of Wheat, Wheat Meal, Flour, Rye, Bariev, or Malt, to the Annual Amount of 1000 Quarters, from the Port of London to the Tfland of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, be at all Times permitted, for the Ul'e and Sustenance of the Inhabitants of the said llland and Settlements.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Oliver, Mr. Pennant,

Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Thomas Walpole, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir Charles H'hit-worth, and Mr. Gregory, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to apply Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, out u of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1733;

" and for the further disposition of the said Fund, by " paying off One Million of South Sea Annuities; and " for enabling His Majesty, out of the Monies arisen by " Sale of the Lands in the llland of Saint Christopher, to " pay the Sum of Eighty Thousand Pounds for the Marriage Portion of the Princess Royal, and Ten thousand " Pounds to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of " Georgia in America; and for making good all Deficiences and Charges, by taking of Broad Pieces into " the Mint, out of the Coinage Duty; and for appfopriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for issuing to the Sub-Dean, Treasurer, " and Steward, of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter,

" Westminster, out of the Monies reserved for building " Fifty new Churches within the Cities of London " and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof, and for " making Provisions for the Ministers of the fame, Four Thousand Pounds for the Repair of the said Collegiate Church, and Twelve hundred Pounds for finishing the Dormitory belonging the reunto," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Six hundred " thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund for the " Service of the Year 1751, and for Allowances to the " Poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers 4‘ of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating " the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills,.

Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or " Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer, in lieu " of such as shall be loft, burnt, or destroyed; and " also for making forth new Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become " defaced, obliterated, or otherwise incumbered with " Arguments or Indorsements thereon," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. And,

A Motion being made. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of making more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy;

The Lord North, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends to the House the making more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of making more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been ifl'ued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establilliment of His Majesty’s

Supply-

i6 Geo. III. 29° — 3°0 Aprilis.

735

Majesty’s Colony of Nova Seolia, for the Year 7 7 6, be

referred to I he laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Ultimate of the Civil E ft a. to li fitment of His Majesty’s Colony ot Georgia, and ot tier incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24-th of June 1775, to the 24th of June 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Effcablish-tnent of His Majesty’s Colony of East , and other

incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1775, to the 24th of June 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Province of West Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 44th of June 1775, to the 24th of June 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending General Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, {ox the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of supporting and maintaining the Civil Establishment of the Government of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coast of Africa situate between the Port of in South Barbary and same Rouge, for the Year 1776, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Chailes Whitivorthtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which, they liad directed him to report, when the House will p>lease to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles fVhitworth also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday "N/Iorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the -whole House, to consider further of the Supply gtanted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho If or d and Mr.

Sr owning:

Mr. Speaker,

Leigh* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate*. Sale of Part of the Estates late of John Leigh, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Shafteibary The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Eledioa. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to disfiranchife and incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Shaft on, otherwise Shaftejhury, in the County of Dorset.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. George Venables Vernon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other "Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Bill 5 and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon. Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilk- .

Vol. 35.

Ordered That the several Per Co ns, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morxl- bounty ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, pi^se^, to consider of what further Encouragement it may be *

proper to give, to promote the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, for a limited lime.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the inhuman Plundering Practice of plundering Ships that arc (hipwrccked on Shipwrecks, the Coasts of Great Britain, and for the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Exporting ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Erorifiom, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other NeceiTaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fV Morn- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ,nd House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 30° die

Anno 16* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

A Bill to declare His Majesty’s natural born Sub- Scotch__

jests inheritable to the Estates of their An- n

ceftors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was read a Second Time. , _

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Gordon, ice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act, ChejraHert for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine Chevalier, was read a Ntt* Second Time.

RefoJited, That the Bill be committed to Captain Johnfone, Mr. fVhitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into WhaW, a Committee of the whole House, to consider of what Fllher3r‘ further Encouragements it maybe proper to give to the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles fVhitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pkafe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Diaithfirt hw Onnn I p

Bounty

on

Flax Seed.

Drawback

bn

Muslint, &c;

Clayton’s Leafing Bill*

i.

r

Mercer?

Company,

73 6 30° Jp. 1776.

Ordered, That the Order of (he Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of what further Encouragement it may be proper to give, to promote the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, for a limited Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the hud Commit* ter.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pjeafe to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting a further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Mufliris and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Years 1773 and 1774, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Clayton, Esquire, during his Life, and the Guardians of his Infant Children after his Decease, to make building and improving Leases of certain Lands and Premises, Part of the Manor of Kennington, in the County of held by Letters

Patent from His Majesty, as Part of the Duchy of Cornwall, and to raise Money for Payment of the Fines and Expences of renewing the said Letters Patent, and for defraying the Expences to attend the granting such building, and improving Leases, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, That Mr. Cawtie (Clerk of the Company of Mercers of the City of London) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 10th of October 1774, to " the 10th of October 1775, directed to be laid before " each House of Parliament by two Acts, One of the n Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the 20

" Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Coramonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London-, and the other, of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of ."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read;

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leigh'* for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John LeighK ^ates* Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Allowance of the One other Seaman, which, by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the'

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was allowed upon the Books of every Ship of War in.

Sea Pay, in every Hundred Men that her Complement shall consist of, for such Time only as the Number of Men employed in the Service of the Royal Navy shall not exceed Twenty Thousand, he extended-for such Time only, as the Number of Men employed in such Service shall not exceed Thirty Thousand, oyer and above the One Seaman allowed by an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his said fete Majesty; and that the Produce of the Wages of such Seamen, and the'

Value of their Victuals, be given and applied towards the Relief of poor Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy, according to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as His Majesty hath or shall establish or appoint for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three Thousand and Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for 1 defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 177.5, to the 24th of June 1776.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of- this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of East Florida, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th June 1775, to the 24th of June 1776.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of West,

and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 1775, to the 24th of June 1776.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred and Forty-six Pounds, Ten Shillings and Fiye Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of

His

30° ylpnlis.

for the Year

737

:corawgij ----- — oiAuguJt

Petitioners have never received the

seized, which was accordingly done on the nth of

-- — liovi* r

16 Geo. III.

His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia,

.„r.ved, That it is the O]

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thoummx gave lnc rropnciuia m

and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, on j\C- tioners should be relieved by an Article in the late Peace;

count, for defraying the Expence ot supporting and and that Orders were given for that Purpose, which were, maintaining the Civil Eftalhifoment of the Government by Ibme fatal Delay or Neglect, never complied with; of Senegambia, on that Part of the Coalt ot Africa fi t uate and the Petitioners are well allured, that Copies of such

~ ' anr1 Orders, and other material Papers relative to this

Business, are now in the late Lord s Office;

and that, to relate all the Difficulties which the Petitioners have undergone, and the Delays and ill Treatment they have received in the Prosecution of this Business, would shock Narrative Faith; and vthe Petitioners apprehend, that the Proprietors, being -

men, have a Claim of Protection, both in their Liberty i dir m, and Property, from that Government which they con*

' Pounds^ anriCrPenrr11^!?1 WU1 *---- tribute to fuPPort’ P^^ularly as their same is a

MalS to makeIZ to, H« Public Insult; that the House hath relieved Petitioners

Whichts been lifted by His Majest/t Orders, Vptrt^' 'Vh°-e ~° Ku" to in more

ance of the Addresses of this House. Purlu, - v<,*,rtnal

The said liesolutions being (everally read a Second lime, were, upon the Question severally put thereun^^ agreed to by the House. ' F UP°n»

1776* , , _ r , K;S pnrril_. following, and the Petitioners have never receivcu me

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of/h!sA°^mittee, least Satisfeftion for the Injury; and that His Majesty

That a Sum, not exceeding Lye thoula^F^e h^clred gave the Proprietors His Royal Word, that the Peti-

r* t'nni're i,i k„ rr»lir>vf*d by an Article in the late Peace;

of Senegambia, on that rart or me — -y ——

between the Port ot Sallee in South and Cape

Rouge, for the Year 1776.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-five Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Sixpences attending general Surveys of His Majesty’s Dominions in North America, for the Year 1776*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Sum of Seven thousand Four hundred and Six

Coin Laws; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to o °J-eCd >ngenable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to ec erS order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws

3T~ .....rr----.. m°re

ample Manner; the Faith reposed in National Pro-

testion, which every civilized Country affords to its Inhabitants, the Honour of the Crown, and the unparalleled Hardlliips of the Petitioners Cafe, all tend to support their Petition: And therefore praying, That they may be relieved in such Manner as the House shall fee

proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir George Savi/e reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common

A 0 -D.....- *- ** 1U1 VJiVlUlilg auu ui

relating to the Coin, over arid above the Sum yearly Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafturts, allowed for that Service: And that Sir r---------- , *------- o------- - ~J , Trn-- ^------ ’ x*

allowed for that Service; And that Sir Grty and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring fame.

Cooper in, the

Amotherby

inclosure.

Sir Cecil Wray reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amtherby, in the Ha.ri.llr of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills ~clnclosure had been complied with; and that the

of

Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, within the Parishes of Lyth and Hinderwell, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the a5th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 4^ Oxgangs, and also except the Proprietors of 48 Acres of Land, lying in the Common Fields, Ibme of whom could not be found, and others p . l> said they did not choose to sign the Bill, but had no Ob-a arties jedion to the inclosure; and that the whole Number of

/-v 1 1 -

Mulgrave

and

Seaton

inclosure.

----;.....V — and that the mon Fields, feme of whom could notbe found, and other

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, said they did not choose to sign the Dill, but had no uo and found the same to be true; and that ttie Parties jedio inclosure: and that th#» whnV

concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Oxet Satisfaction of the Committee and that tYie- ‘

— 1 - >

— c xiv.

...uuuuiun 01 the vjommtttee and that thie Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Tcveral

An'tCnflmprvFc - 1

Seizn _ of vhe

re

- - ~ and the Number of Acres in the Com-

c °AS^Si!iT <1 226, exclusive of the Common or Moor;

0..._ «« urn, ana made several ^icTthat noPetlonappearcdbefore;the Committee to of-

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him ~

to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wlrere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tKe Question ievcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by tVie House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

A Petition of James Lam.

--- ri that the Committee had gone through

pole the Bill); and ra\ Amendments thereunto,

the Bill, and made levem to the House;

which they had dtreft d h^ p^ce. and afterwards

and he read the "*1P. , Amendments, in at the

delivered the B.1U ^roendmen« «ere Once

Clerk's Table: Wh"^ "Second Time, One by read throughout severally put thereupon.

One; and, upon the ^uet tVieTeft were, with

several of them »er«r d&gtoby the House -,

an Amendment to One of them, b uv the House. to

r A IV'ir », Rtme on and several Amendments were ma , y

___uvu 01 james Laman and Wild tarn is tone, on

of vhe Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of 'The Use with the Amendments, be

A„,i allUan Wlte SK of w ’wa5 presented to the Ordered, That the Bill. «t»

House, and readSetting forth, That the Proprietors engrossed. fitted out the said Ship at an Expend rS ~

the 26th Dfirptni*'* - -

______ lienors

----<il an n.xpence of jQ. x 0,453, ai\d,

on the 26th December 1756, the made a lawful Capture

of T'hc One de Petithievre, a Fvcnch Shio

Vied at n

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal Expulfvon of the House, of the 17th Day of February 1769, of the „ . ® — proceedings of the Hr.ivC»---"v

w- 757

*?« ol lc

---- uary following;

Lite Antigallicanand her P r

_ UlWttU, x wl

..... a preach Ship from China, va- the House, of the 17th I lleturnA idrient

t-33.5,000, »hich Prize war, in conference of Proceeding, ot t^ire House, upon t" ° of AJiJ-

vviluntavy Evidence trom the French Prisoners, condemned of the Shire to serve in Parham n Vv^rlled this

at Gibraltar the 28th February follou-i._ ' ' dlesex, in the room of John Wilkes, Etquue, expell

March net cri- " - House, might be vead.

jfo 1 *

and on tire 2d Prize t>cing in the Force ajncl Violence

o anti her

on ot Cadiz, the Spaniards with! ________ — »»- " iVjlc-‘n.L

cized the said Prize without any reason.a.A>Ye Ground for uch Procedure; and that, after varioos ApP^all?ns.to

he Spanish Mi aiders for Redress, they IrvCbea-tY ot relieving lie Petitioners, ordered the Ship Anti^^lli^an & t>° Vol.*35 .

o--

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of December 1774? the Petition of Nathaniel Bayly, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Bo-

B

rough

738

3o° /iprilis — 1° Mali.

A. 177

;h of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, might be

re;

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Resolution of this House, of the 17th of February 1769, " That John Esquire, having

been in this Session of Parliament expelled this " House, was and is incapable of being elected a " Member to serve in this present Parliament," be expunged from the Journals of this House, as being iubverfive of the Rights of the whole Body of Electors ,of this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdta.fa.heY-{ } 9*.

Tellers for the Noes.) 1 l86.

So it passed in the Negative.

Plundering Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Shipwrecks. Reading of the Bill for preventing the inhuman Practice . of plundering Ships that are shipwrecked on the Coasts of Great Britain, and for the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen* Clergy, Land-owners, and Land-holders, of the several Hundreds or Commotts of Carnawllan, and

Derlis, all situate on the Sea Coast of the County of Caermarthen, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the Laws in being are sufficient to prevent the Evils complained of; and if proper Persons were appointed, to give immediate No- tlce to the Magistrates of Accidents happening by Shipwreck, the Mischiefs of Plundering might be prevented, and the necessary Relief afforded, under the Powers of an Act passed in the 26th of his late Majesty; and submitting to the House, whether some Means of Prevention might not be established, whereby the Purposes of Humanity would be better served,t han by providing Remedies for Evils when they have happened, either by amercing the Hundred, or punishing the Offenders; but that, by the Provisions of this Bill, if a Ship is plundered, the Hundred is to make good the Damage, although every possible Effort of the Magis-tracy has been exerted to prevent it: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pafsinto a Law.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole, (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, 10 Mali;

Anno 16* Georgii IIP'* Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

A Message froi 11 Browning:

;e from the Lords, by Mr. Holford, and Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas ^lard ^ohl ?

tellers for the tcas,^^ F: J «

fMr. Rice, 1

Tellers for the Noes,< The Lord Mayor of > t London. J

Mayor of 55.

London.

So it passed In the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Two Months.

c Angiefey The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a °rr% Mm"* Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Edward Hughes, Clerk, in Behalf of himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Copper Mines in the Hie of Anglesey, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Grenville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Grenville reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of the Mod noble Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and in the County of fork, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Part of the said settled Estates; and for purchasing of Estatesto be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Sir Charles Whitworth, in the County of SomerJ'et; and for exonerating the lame, and his Estates in the County of Kent, from the Portions of his younger Children, provided by his Marriage Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Whitfield, Esquire, to charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton, in the Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of the Moll noble Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven, in the County of York, to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Part of the said settled Estates, and for purchasing of Estates, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Mulgrave and Seaton, within the Parishes of Lyth and Hinderwell, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severallyproposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

nd2$ ^eave out " Cows, Calves."

Pr. 20, 1. 1. To leave out " Cows, Calves."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

Exporting Provisions* See.

DeerSteahng,

Dukeof

Autafter

and

KeftevenV

Estate.

Whitworth’s

Estates.

Whitfield’s

Estates.

Duke oi Ancafhr and Kesteven’t Estate*

Mulgrave

and

Seaton

Inclosure.

Turnpike La tvs.

Supply

BUI.

f6 Geo. III.

n* M

ffinde’s

VJarriage

Sciilcmentf

be, An Act for dividing end jjacloling the Common Arable Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Ibaanor of Mulgrerve, within the Parish of lyth* in the I^orth Kkiing-of the County of York.

Ordered That Sir George Savtle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Mr. Combe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

719

whom the Bill for dividing and iflclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Lord ship* and Parish of South and North Kilii, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of > the House, of the 25th of Aprils 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to

settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner the Parishes of Saint Mary-le- Bone and Saint Part eras, or of One Oxgang of Land, who refilled to fiejn the Bill > one of them, in the County of Middlesext, to the Uses and that the Whole Number of Oxgangs odf Land to be agreed to be thereof limited, in the Settlement made on inclosed amounts to 270} and that no Person appeared the Marriage of Jacob Hindi, Esquire, with Anne fTJiayer, before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that now Anne Hindi, his Wife, with Power to make such the Committee had gone through the Bills and made

several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read through"

_____________________________ r„__________ out; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

..... ' --- the House.

', That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Leases thereof as in the said Act are mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee , and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill

the Bill in at the Clerk’s 1 able.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Combe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath, agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Lord BroWnlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Wriegiefwonh s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, E,state‘

An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Nicholas

fVingglesworth and Ayfcoghe fVrigglefwort his eldest Son,

from the Payment of a Yearly Sum of Thirty-five Pounds,

13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, given by Sir Edward long since deceased, to

" An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One charitable Uses, and of and from other Incumbrances; " Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being and for charging the same respectively upon a competent

for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Fart of " Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes :’* And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas fVrigglesworth and his Son; and for veiling the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according Parties concerned had given their Consent to the BiH, to to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Corn-Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein men- mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, tioned, and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, at the Clerk’s Table.

and Newspapers; and for raising the Su -n of Two And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery to fc>e attended Re/bl-ved, That the Bill do pals,

with Annuities: And the same was received j and read Ordered., That Lord Brownlovs Bertie do carry1 the the First Time. Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cawood

and

Wiftow

Inclosure.

Weymouth

Streets.

Exche^uw Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to

Bills Bitt. Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of ‘Money, by whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Open Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Common Fields, Wolds, and Average Grounds, Ings,

1776: And the same Was received; and read the First Marshes, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Time. Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Cawood and Wiftow, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and An ingrossed Bill for lighting anc) watching the Streets found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the and other Places, within the Borough and Town of of April 1774, relative to Bills of lndofure, had

Weymouth and Mclcombe Regis, in the County of JDorset, been complied with; and that the Committee had ex-

and for removing all incroachments, OL>fhructions, and amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lama, Annoyances therein; and for paving certain Streets, to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given Foot-paths, and other Places; and for regulating the their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the I lackncy Chairmen, within the said Borough and Town, Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed was read the Third Time. to the Land Tax at £. 17. 131. 9 per Annum, who

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors he, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £.2.2 id. per the Borough and Town of Weymouth and _A TeJcombeRegis, Annum, who could not be found; and that the Whole of

in the County of Dorset, and for removing all Incroach- the Lands intended to be inclosed are assessed to the Land Tax at £. 214. 3j. 7 per Annum-, and that no Person

to the appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Mr. Charles MeUifhreported from, the Committee, to him to report to the House -, and he read the Report in his Y01,. 35. Place;

mentF, Obstructions, and Annoyances Ordered, That Mr. Purling do carry Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

therein.

the Bill

Killrngliolmc

lndofure.

Bounty on . iFIix Seed.

Whale

Fishtry

749 - I0 Man. 1 A. 1776.

Place; and afterwards' delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time* One by One;.and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper prefchted to the House, by His-' Majesty’s Command,

A State of the Charge of Calling in and *re-t:oining the -deficient Gold Coin of this Kingdom, in purfilance of His Majesty’s Proclamation of the 24th Day of June

*774-: " "

And the Title of the said Paper was read. *

The said Paper is as followeth;

) '

A STATE of the Charge of calling in and; re-coining the deficient Gold Coin of this Kingdom, in pur-’ fuance of His Majesty’s Proclamation of the 24th Day of June 1774viz.

; 1 ‘ . j . . jC* <*

To the Bank of England, for taking in and exchanging the deficient Gold Coin, and.

for Interest,' after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Anon the several Sums by them,

advanced, (after deducing an Overcharge of £.552. 6 - - - - 272,012 10 — t To so much advanced to Milward Rowe, El'quire, and by him paid over to the fevera}( Persons, . 7

who were appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, for taking in and - -;

exchanging dehcient English Gold Coin, in the several Counties of Great Britain, and for other Charges and’Expences attending the feme - 28,476 8 -p

To the Master of the Mint, for the Charge of re-coining the said deficient Gold Coin, and

other Charges and Expences relating thereto - - - - 41,932 16 11J

342,421 14 nl

Towards defraying the above Expences, there was granted by an Act 14th George 3d - - 250,000----

Which Sum being deducted, leaves a Deficiency of -

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of what further Encouragement it may be proper to give, to promote the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland, for a limited Time, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Five Shillings per Hogshead be allowed upon Flax Seed, of the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The Austrian Netherlands, imported into the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time; and that such Bounty be paid opt of any Monies arising from the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, \ipon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said ‘Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir '.Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

\ Sir Charles. Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it . was referred to consider of what further Encouragements it may he proper to give to the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland-, the Refo-fution whlth the Committee had directed him to re-:port to the House; which lie read in his Place, and ^afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where rKer same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

i, V> .

£. 92,421 14

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That the following Bounties, under certain Conditions and Limitations, be allowed to Five Ships, belonging to Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Jersey, or Man, employed in the Whale Fishery in any Seas to the Southward of the Latitude of 44 De-ees North, for.a limited Time; that is to fey, to the effel that shall arrive in each Year in any Port of Great Britain with the greatest Quantity of Oil, being the Produce of one or more W’hale or Whales taken or killed by the Crew of such Vessel, a Bounty of Five hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall in like Manner arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of Four hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall so arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of Three hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall so arrive in the same Year with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of Two hundred Pounds; to the Vessel that shall lb arrive in the fatne Yrear with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil, a Bounty of One hundred Pounds; the Oil so to be. imported by each of the said Ships being the Produce of One Whale at the least.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon 'the said Resolution: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir. Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Ne wfoundland.

Sir Charles Whitxvorth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to 22 whom

Coinage.

Drawback

on

Mullins,

V

Angle fey

Wines,

YardTfy

"Hallmgs

Inclosure,

16 Geo. III. . i°

whom it was referred to consider of granting a further Time for ‘ allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Mullins and Callicoes, imported t>y the India Company in the Years 1773 and 1774.; the Resolutions which the Committed had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table 1 Where the same were read; and are asl'clloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time limited by law, for allowing the Drawback of the Duties on the Exportation of Aluflins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Tears 1773 and 1774, be enlarged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

filial further Time be granted to the East India Company, to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo TTeas and Coffee as remained unloid on the 5th Day of 1 776;

and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before the 31st Day of December 1776; and that the Drawbacks of the Duties on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee be allowed.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Ckarles and Sir

Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Grenville, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Edward Hughes, Clerk, in Behalf of* himself and other Owners and Proprietors of Copper ines in the Isle of Angle fey, was referred; the Retolutioix which the Committee had directed him to report to the Jhloufe; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for encouraging the working of Copper Mines, within the Hie of Anglesey, a Drawback be allowed of all Duties on such Coals as shall be used for smelting^ Copper Ores within the said Isle.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Grenville and Sir Charles Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the Game.

Mr. Powis reported from the Committee, to whom tire Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open afed Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Pari fir. of Yardley Hastings, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tPie House, of the 25th of April x 774, relative to Bills of inclol'ure, ha<;l been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the JrToufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arncndaignts, be ingrossed.

Vol. 35.

Mali. \

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exponin* to resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, ProviGcna, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants and *c’ Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the life of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent), and of the several ether Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of t he Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be "referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth ilfo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Moraine next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty*

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Plundering 13tlx Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, Shipwrecks, intituled, " Lords may approve against their Neighbours " u fbrpation of Commons during the Estate of particular Tenants," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the wyth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the following of Hue and Cry," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous " Afletnblies, and for the more speedy and effectual " punishing the Rioters," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act to encourage the planting of Timber Trees, Fruit Trees, and other Trees, for Ornarnent. Shelter, or Profit; and for the better Preservation of the fame; and for the preventing ths " burning of Woods;" might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in

9C the

COOOOIP

i° Mail.

A. 177*5.

Turnpike Roads; Breadth of Wheels.

Sandwich

Drainage.

the 9th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual punching wicked " and evil-di(jx>fed Persons going armed in Disguise, and " doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of His Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more " speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice", might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the Statutes, by which certain Districts are made liable to answer in Damages for Invasions of, and Injuries done to, certain Kinds of Property; it being unreasonable and unequal, contrary to Justice and to Policy, to provide a Relief in those Cafes which is denied in the same of Sufferers by that barbarous and atrocious Practice, peculiarly ditgraceful to this Nation, the Plunder of W recks.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out from the Word " Property" to the End of the Question.

And the Question being put, That the Words pro-poled to be less out Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being put. That a Committee be appointed, to take into Consideration the Statutes by which certain I)iltricts are made liable to antwer in Damages for Invasions of, and Injuries done to, certain Kinds of Property.

It passed in the Negative.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and others, Occupiers of lands in the West Riding of the County of York, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, and who were directed to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Mi/les reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eallern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within The General Tallies; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, was re-committed, for the Purpose only of examining how far the Parties concerned have given their Consent to the Bill; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 503 Acres, and the Occupiers of about 725 Acres, of the I ,ands liable to be taxed by the said Bill, who have not ligned, but made no Objection to the Bill; and alto except the Owners of about 883 Acres, and the Occupiers of about 660 Acres, of the said Lands, who refilled to sign, and declared themselves against the Bill; and also except the Owners of about 1,413 Acres, and the Occupiers of about 374 Acres of Land, who could not be met with; and that the lands liable to be taxed by the Bill contain 7000 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his-Place; and afterwards delivcied the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Petition of sundry Persons, Branch Pilots, Owners, and Masters of Vessels trading from divers Places along the Coast of

O O

England, to London and other Places; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the 1'own and Borough of Deal, Ash, Wtnghan 1, Hara, Eastry, Be/Jhanger, Norlhbourne, Mongeham, S/widen, WoodneJborov.gh, Adisham, Barjion, Coldred, Ely thorn, , Ripple,

Sibertfwould, Tilmanstone, and other Places, lying in the

Neighbourhood of the Town and Port of in the County of Kent, which were presented to the House upon the 24th Day of April lall, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for ,he Yeas.;

Tellers for the Nfoes,!» !r‘

’(Mr. Hey.

43-

| 4°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The laid Amendments were accordingly severally read a second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Flood Gates shall be opened when the Water is above the Standard Mark.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for laving to all Persons all Estate. Rights, Interest, Claim, or Demand.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph fililes do, upon Friday stuff IWy Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole blection. House, to whom the Bill to disfranchise and incapa- »

citate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Imber do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Scammel do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jasper Grey do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Gibbs do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Gardiner do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr Stephen Gillingham do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.*

Ordered, That Mr. William King do attend the said Committee, at the same 'rime.

Ordered, That Mr. James Sims dt> attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Air. Peter Sutton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time. ’

Ordered, That Mr. Jo >ui Gate house do attend the said Committee, at the fund Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael London, Shoemaker, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered,

r

16 Geo. III. i ~-----2

Ordered, That Mr. Jam do attend tTie said

Committee, at the same Time.;

Ordered, That Mr. f Vi Hi am Turner do attend, the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathaniel do attend the said Committee, at the tame Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nic Joyce do attend the said

Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephen Roberts do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin James do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Whitworth’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ettarts. for the Sale of the Estates of Sir Charles Whit-uuort h, in the County of Somerset;and for exonerating the lame, and

his Kllates in the County of from the Portions of his younger Children, provided by his Marriage Settlement, was read the First Time.

ResolveJ, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hindon The Order of (he Day being read, for the TToule Ekdlion. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Ele«5tion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, relulve itself into the Paid Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

° Mdii.

Ordered, That Lord Browttlow Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Corporation of the u

Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and Poor. to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vetted in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of tire lame; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for elta-

" blishing a House or Houses of Indutiry in the Isle " of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several M Parishes and Places within the said Island," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the fame; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing a House " or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the " Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the "Poor, belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island."

Ordered, That Sir Richard WorJJey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Anelefey Order, a Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties Copper Muvcsi upon Coals used in smelting Copper Ores, within the Isle of Avglefey: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Infofvent The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Debtors, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for Relief of Tnlolvent Debtors;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a. Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mir. Mack-worth, Mr, Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock., irv the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wsys Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday "Morning ami Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

I . , .

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis> 2° Matty

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half ord and Mr.

Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Walgrave for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Inclosorc* Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also,'

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dolman’s veiling the settled Estates of Robert Holman, Esquire, Eft»t and Ro&ert Dolman, the Younger, irt and

elsewherb, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold and for laying out the Money arising by such Sak' in the Rurchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be fetrtJed, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Courtenhall vetting the Free School House, Dwelling House for the 1Free*c,lo°1 Matter and Usher, Close, and other rremiles thereto belonging, in Courtenhall, in the County of Northampton, in Sir William Wake, Baronet, and his Heirs, upon the

Conditions therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MclFengers withdrew.

KiiF'icbolme

li. c.ofure.

Anno i6* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

A'

N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Lordships and Parish of South and’ North JFCitlingholme, in the County of Lincoln, was read the 'Third ’Tirrie-

Refulved, 'I’hat the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclo.fitxg .-certain Open Fields, Lands, anti Grounds, within the LxM«tfhi$Bs arid Parish of South and North KJliingholme.> iu t±ic County of Lincoln.

' VoL. 35.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Uj>foW» for veiling the settled Estates of William Gentle-

man, in the County of Middlesex and.City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the fartie Uses, was scad the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Foft<m Fieldsj Meadows, Pastures, Catrs, and other Opoi Lands hwlo.ui and Grounds, within the Township of Foften., in the East Riding of the County of* was lead a Second Time. \

ResolveJ,

744

2° Mati.

A. 1776.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James

Pennytnan, Sir George Savilt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of . Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the Fishery carried on at News, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, the Refb-lution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a limited Quantity of Bifeuit and Pease be allowed to be exported to the Island of to the Province of Nova Scotia, to Bay and to

the Coast of Labrador, under certain Regulations, for the Benefit of the British Fishery carried on in those Parts.

The laid Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of Poole (praying to be permitted to export Provisions, and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon Friday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com," as relates to the Ports and Places into which Corn and Grain may be imported and landed without Payment ®f the Duties, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Preston, be allowed to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like " Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed " to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an " Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Exportation of Corn."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do make Provision therein for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advifine or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling

*7 f

Sykes, Esquire, to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the Division and Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate in Part of the same Lands and Grounds, and for other "Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Reverend Robert James Clay Roujby, Clerk, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

r

The Lord North acquainted the House, that he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Affection of His faithful Commons, and considering, that, during the present Troubles in North,

Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most dangerous Consequences, if proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous that this House will enable Him to defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be incurred, on account of Military Sen-ices, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred Seventy-six, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.' And His Majesty, having judged it expedient so issue His Proclamation, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Reign, for calling in the Remainder of the deficient Gold Coin, doubts not but that His faithful Commons will enable Him to make good the Charges which shall be incurred in this Service, and which cannot at this Tune be ascertained.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s , said most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of IValdeck, signed at Arolfen, 20th April 1776; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

Translation of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of IValdeck. Signed at Arolfen, the

1 20th of April 1776.

Be it known to those whom it may concern, That His Majesty the King of Great Britain, having judged

proper

SvkVj

Mortgage

on

Sledmere

Indoiure.

Message from the King.

Treaty

for

Suhfidiary

Troops.

v*

Geo. III.

Mail

745

proper to accept of a Body of Infantry of the Troops of shall be paid in three Weeks after the Signature of the treaty His Most Serene Highness the Reigning Prince of Wat- Treaty, and the other Half in Two Months after the Sobfidiary deck, to be employed in the Service of Great Britain, the Signature. Troop*

~ " ‘ J Article 9,

According to Custotn, Three Men wounded shall bd teckoned as One Man killed. A Man killed shall be paid for at the Hate_ of the Levy Money. If it should ha

iappen, that any Company of this Corps should be

Auxiliaries, the Officers shall command (as the Military Service requires of itself) according to their Rank, and the Seniority of their Commissions, without making any Distinction with regard to what Corps the Troops may belong, with which they shall serve in Conjunction. This Corps shall take the Oath of Fidelity to His

High Contracting Parties have given their Orders on this Subject to their respective Ministers; to wit, His Britan*

nick Majesty to Colonel William Fawcitt, Captain in the

Guards, and the Most Serene Prince of Waldeck to His Privy Counsellor and President of the Regency Frederick

Louis Wiepert de Zerbjl, who, after the Exchange of their wholly Of in part ruined or destroyed, or that the Pieces respective full Powers* have agreed upon the following of Artillery, or other Effp&s with which it might be fur-Articles. nished, should be loft by Accident, His Majesty the King

Article 1. of Great Britain shall cause the Expence of the necessary

The laid Most Serene Prince yields to His Britannick Recruits to be paid, as also the Value of the said Field Majesty a Corps of Infantiy of Six hundred and Seventy Pieces and Effects, to re-establish this Corps and its Men, which shall be at the entire Disposition of the King Artillery immediately, of Great Britain, to be employed in His Service on the Article i<3»

lame Footing as the other German Troops, both in Europe The Most Serefte Prince reserves to Hlmself the No* and in North America. The Regiment shall moreover be minatlon to the vacant Employments, as well as the provided with Two Pieces of Field Artillery, with Two Administration of Justice. His Britannick Majesty will Bombardiers, Twelve Gunners, and other Attendants, give Orders to the Commander in Chief of the Army in and the d rain thereto belonging. which this Corps shall serve, that He does not require

Article 2. from this Corps any extraordinary Services, or such as are

The Most Serene Prince engages to equip this Corps beyond its Proportion with the rest of the Army $ and completely, and that it shall be ready to march at the when it shall serve with the English Troops, or other latest on the 6th of May next. The laid Corps shall pals in Review at the Place of Embarkation, before His Britannick Majesty’s Com miliary.

Article 3. />

The Most Serene Prince engages to furrtish the Recruits annually necessary: Thele Recruits shall he- dfeli- ,

Vered to His Britatitiick Majesty’s Commissary difoiplined Majesty, without Prejudice to that which they have and completely equipped. His Most Serene Highness taken to their own Sovereign* will do his jit most for the Whole to arrive at the Place Article it.

of Embarkation at the Time which His Majesty shall A1P Deserters from the Waldeck Regiment shall be appoint. faithfully and immediately given up, wherever they may

Article 4. be found, in the Places dependant on His Britannick

His Majesty’s Service and the Preservation of the Majesty: and especially it shall not be permitted, as far Troops requiring equally that the Commanding Officers as is possible, that any of the Subjects whatsoever of His and Subalterns should be perfectly skilled in the Service, Most Serene Highness establish themselves in America His Most Serene Highness will take proper Care in the without the Content of their Sovereign.

Choice of them. ’ Article 12.

Article 5. The Pay shall commence Fifteen Days before the

The Most Serene Prince engages to put this Corps March of this Body of Troops j and as fooh as the on the best Footing possible; and no Men shall be ad- Troops shall have quitted their Quarters, to repair to the mitted therein but such as are fit for Field Service, and Place of their Destination, all the Expences of their March acknowledged as such by His Britannick Majesty’s Com* and Transport shall be at the Charge of His Britannick

miliary. Majesty. , .

Article 6. Article 13.

This Corps shall be furnished with Tents, and all ne*; His Britamck Majesty shall grant to the Most Serene cessary Equipage. Prince, during all the time that this Body of Troops

Article 7. shall be in His Majesty’s Pay, an Annual Subsidy of

The King grants to this Corps the ordinary and ex- Twenty-five thousand and Fifty Crowns Banco: His traordinary Pay, as well as all the Advantages in Forage, Majesty shall cause Notice of the Determination of the Provision, Winter Quarters, and Refresh merits, &c. en- said Subsidy to be given a whole Year before it shall ceale joyed by the Royal Troops; and the Most Serene Prince to be paid: Provided that such Notice shall not be given engages to permit this Corps to enjoy all the Emolu-. till after the Return of the Troops into the Dominions ments of Pay which His Britannick Majesty allows them, of His Most Serene Highness.

The lick and wounded in the said Corps shall be taken

Care of in the King’s Hospitals, and shall be treated in This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contrafting that RespecT: as the Troops of His Britannick Majesty Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged and the wounded not in a Condition to serve, shall be as loon as possible.

transported into Europe, landed in feme Port on the In testimony whereof, We the under-ligned, by virtue IVejer, and sent back to their own Country at the "King’s of our full Powers, have signed the present Treaty, and Expence. have affixed thereto the Seals of our Arms. Done at

Article 8. this 20th of 1776.

There shall be paid to His Most Serene- Highness, as Levy Money for each Foot Soldier, as -well as Gunner,

Thirty Crowns Banco, the Crown to be reckoned at Fifty-three Sols of Holland, One Half of this Money

L. S. William Faucitt.

L.S. Frederick Louis de

Vox.. 33.

9 D

STATE

Diaiti7PH hv

Estimate;

WaJtleck

Regiment.

2° Mail. A.^ 1776.

STATE of the Regiment of His Mod Serene Highness the Reigning Prince of tValdeck.

Staff

t Lieutenant Colonel 5 Major

2 Captain Lieutenants 1 Assistant Major 1 Auditor 1 Quarter Master 1 Chaplain 1 Surgeon Major

1 Drum Major

4 Hautboys or Fifres

2 Provost and his Servant

1 Servant for the Carriage with the Military Chefi 1 Servant for the Carriage with the Medicine Chest.

18

Company of Grenadiers.

Company of the Regiment.

2 Captain and his Servant . 2 First Lieutenant and his Servant 2 Second Lieutenant and his Servant

1 Surgeon

3 Serjeants . 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Armes

6 Corporals

3 Drummers

2 Fifres.

1 Solicitor

no Grenadiers.

2 Captain and his Servant 2 First Lieutenant and his Servant

2 Ensign and his Servant 1 Surgeon

3 Serjeants 1 Fourier

1 Capitaine d’Arme$

1 Standard Blearer 6 Corporals 3 Drummers 1 Solicitor 107 Private Men.

J34 Men. 130 Men.

390 of Three other Companies 134 the Company of Gtenaniers 2 Bombardiers 16 of the Staff.

12 Gunners -

2 Three Pounders. Total - - 670

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members'of the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot, in

the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, from.22d , April 1776 to 24th December following, both in£luhver being 24/ Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of th&He/Tian Artillery.

And the T itles of the said Estimates were rrad.

The said Estimates are as followed!; viz.

estimate

747

16 Geo. IIL

MaiL

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Regiment of Foot, in tl\e Pay of Great Britain, purfyant to Treaty with the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, from 22d April 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive^ being 247 Days. . , . j

A Regiment of Foot of IValdeck, from 22(1 April 1776 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 247 Days -

Ordinary Subfdy for the same Time, at the Rate of 2r,o^o Banco Crowns per Annum -

Levy Money for 655 Men of the above Regiment, at 30 Banco Crowns each Man -

War-Office,

1 ft May 1776.

Total

Numbers.

670

670

Barrington.

Pay, &V.

'£ s.

7>675 *5 7l

4,978 19 pi

4,728 5 7J

TOTAL.

16,483 1 — |

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Artillery, for

24th December

Dap, from

to

1

1

1

2

4

6

1

1

1

Colonel - -

Lieutenant Colonel Major -

Captain Lieutenants, each 6.

First Lieutenants Second Lieutenants — Aid du Camp - —

Com miliary - —

Al&stant Commissary — 4 Surgeons - —

42 Bombardiers - —

Gunners —

MatrofTes - —

Drummers - —

Waggon Mailer —

Conductors of Horse — Clerks - —

Farriers.. - - —

D- -Wheelwright -

D°, each Collar-maker -D°, each Baugh men, each 98 Drivers, each

W

ift M 1776.

Vol. 35.

5-

4-

10.

8.

1514

m

9

1

2

3

z

6

1

3

1

9

— 2. 6

3- ?

1. 8.

1. 4.

1.

1.

S.

2- 6

2.

3-3 3 3

3-

1.

1,

Jeff. Amherff

Per Diem. > 1 Per Annum, or $6$ Days,

_ 0 £. s. d. 1 5 —

- — 15 —

- — 12 , —

- 1 — —

- 1 4 —

- — 10 —

- — 8 —

- — 4 ~

- . — 14 —

- 3 10 —

12 18 8

- 9 !3 —

- — 9 r-

- _ - — 8 — /

- — ' 5 —

- — 6 —

- — 6 —

— 18 -

- — 3 6

- — 9 —

- _ 3 6

— 6 —

- — 9 —

- 4 18 —

£ 42 14 8 *5.597 *3 4

QsderejS,

74-8 Mail A. 1776.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Cawood An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several W^ow Open Common Fields, Wolds, and Average Grounds, Inclosme. Ings, Marflics, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and Wiftow, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Wolds, and Average Grounds, Ings, Mar flies, Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and Wijlow, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ~ -

Wc%' Lord Brownlow Bertie reported from the Committee, Inclosure. to wj10m the gjj} for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk*s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dolman’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £ dates. vesting the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Esquire,

and Robert Dolman, the Younger, in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the County of 7'ork, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Coin Laws* Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-prosecuting cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of Offenders, jqjs Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bounty Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, ac-0 q . cording to Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty upon ee Flax Seed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Drawback, Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, aeon cording to Order, a Bill for graining further Time Martin*, allowing the Drawback upon *he Exportation of u . Mullins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Comply in the Years 1773 and 1774; and for allowing 16

further Time to the said Company, to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the 5th Day of April 1776; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of fuefr Teas and Coffee: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty 5 the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’*

Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Sum of Ninety-two thou land Four hundred Twenty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Sum, granted by Parliament in the Year 1774, for calling in and re-coining the Defn cient Gold Coin of this Realm, in pursuance of His Majesty’s Proclamation of the 24th Day of June 1774-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Morgan reported from the Committee, to jfo,0 whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open or Inclosud Common Fields, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Ifton, in the County of Monmouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25 th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about Thirty-one Acres lying in the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, who re- filled to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be mclosed confills of Five hundred and Sixty-nine Acres, or thereabouts, exclusive of the Common Moors); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, On? by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the $ Committee, to whom the Bill to declare His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

An

motherby

iclosure.

tfanchester

Streets*

Expiring

Laws.

i 6 Geo. III.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amotherby, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amothetby, in the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

749

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit " the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, " from Foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, " and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain " Sum/* which was to continue in Force until the ill Day of May 1776, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Kesolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles Whitworth and Sir Grey Cooper do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

2° Mail.

An ingrafted Bill for widening and improving several Streets, in the Town of Manchester, and for opening new Streets, or Passages, within the said Town, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, that nothing in the Act shall extend to the pulling down certain Houses without the Content of lx)rd Ducie.

And the said Clause was Thrice read *, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by way of Ryder, to limit the Time within which the Houses shall be pulled down.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester, and for opening new Streets or Passages within the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report theic Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; arid are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an A&> made in the 5th Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1732, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 9th and 16th Years of his said Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750; and, by an Act made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the ill Day of September 1757; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 31st Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771; and which, by an Act made in the 12th YTearof His present Majesty’s Reign was amended, and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1775, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, gi^Je in the 14th Year of the Reign of ' VOL. 35. '

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Free School House, Dwelling House for the Matter and Ulher, Clofc, and other Premises thereto belonging, in Courtenhally in the County of Northampton, in Sir William Wake, Baronet, and his Heirs, upon the Conditions therein mentioned, was read the Eirft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Whitfieldy Esquire, to charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton in the Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Rooky was prefen ted to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for preventing the inhuman Practice of Plundering Ships that are wrecked on the Coast of Great Britain, and for the further Relief of Ships in Distress on the said Coasts; and, being convinced of the great and repeated Losses, from the Inefficacy of the Laws in being, humbly suppose, that, if Persons were appointed, or if it was made the Interest of those who by their local Situation are belt enabled to render Assistance, that then such would warmly exert themselves, as well to preserve the Lives of our brave Seamen, and protest and fate Property under such distressful Circumstances, as to prosecute with Severity those who shall dare to of* fend; and the Petitioners, knowing the happy Effects of the Laws adopted by some other European Powers when Vessels have been unfortunatly wrecked on their Coast, cannot but think some Regulation to be exceedingly necessary, for the Protection of Commerce, and Preservation of our Seamfens Lives, from which our national Riches and Strength are derived, and which may prove an effectual Means of putting a Stop to a Practice which has long reflected a Pit gace on this Nation: And therefore praying. That such a Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wrdered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and others. Occupiers of Lands, in the West Riding of the County of York, in Behalf of themselves and others, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And ifee laid Report was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Clause in an Act maoe in the 13th Year of His present Majesty*! Reign > to explain, amend, and reduce , ' ‘ 9 £ into

CourtcnhaH

Free School Iuveftment.

Whitfield’# E Hater

Piunderifw

Shipwreck!.

Turnpike Roads; Breadth of Wheels.

75^ 2° Mali A. 177

into One Act of Parliament, the general I^aws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called , and for other Purposes; which enacts, that from and after the 29th Day of September 1776, all Waggons, and other Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of let's Breadth or Gage than 6 Inches, shall pay double Tolls, for pa fling through any Turnpike Gate or Bar where Tolls shall be payable by virtue of any Act of Parliament, was read. And,

The Clause in the same Act, which enacts, that from and after the said 29th Day of September 177$, the l ire of the Wheels of all Waggons, and other Carriages, to be used upon any Turnpike Road, shall be counterfunk, lb that the Nails shall not rile above the Surface, and that the Sole or Surface of the Wheels shall be quite flat, under a Penalty of 40 to be paid by the Owner, and 20 s.by the Driver, not being the Owner, was also read.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called Mr. Jo/htta Am, who being examined, informed your Committee, That he is a considerable Farmer in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and concerned in other Undertakings that employ Horses and Carriages.

And being asked, What further Inconveniences will arise to the Owners of narrow-wheeled Carriages, betides pajnng the double Tolls ? he said, those who live at a Distance from a Turnpike Road will And the Isle of broad Wheels very inconvenient, from the Nature of the Lanes and Roads they mull pals through, before they come to a Turnpike Road, and the Want of Materials in many Places to amend the Roads; and he instanced several Places within his Knowledge; and he added, that Carriages can go over Moors and Marshes better with narrow Wheels than with Broad, because they are lighter, and do not throw up the Soil (o much.

He further said, That, if the double Toll, which he esteems equal to a Prohibition, takes Place, it will be with the greatest Difficulty that little Farmers, who live at a Distance from Turpike Roads, can get to them; for the)- will be obliged to carry their Corn on I lories Backs, or elle in narrow-wheeled Carriages, to the Turnpike Road, and so be obliged to keep Two Sets of Carriages, which they never can afford.

And being asked, If he knows any Market Towns that the Roads leading to them are not Turnpike ? he said, lcarcely any in his County, though they have Bye-Roads likewise.

And, upon being asked. Whether any narrow-wheeled -Cary urges had been made in his Neighbourhood since

J7 23* .

He laid, several — that many Persons were not properly informed; and some who were, persisted in making the m; knowing that from their Situations they could not use 6-Inch Wheels.

, Upon the Second Clause.

The same Wit nets said, upon hearing the Clause read, that no Workman can comply with it, and that a.Wheel, vlion worn Two or Three Months, will be liable to the Penalty; and as to the Flatnels, it is not possible to make it lb nicely as the Act requires; and it it was, the lead Ule would render it otherwil'e, and the Owner of every Coach, or other Carriage, be liable tOf Informers.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Rejohed, That it it the- Opinion of- this Committee* That lb much of an Act, passed in the -13th Year of I fis present Majesty’s Reign, to explain, amend, and reduce into- One Act of Parliament,?the general I«a\vs now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Hoads in that Parc of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, as directs that from and..after the 29th Day of September '1776, a double Toll shall be paid for the Passage through Tumpik^Gaces of all Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheols thereof -of 21 - c

left Breadth or Gage than 6 Inches from Side to Side, ought to be repealed; and that, on account thereof,

Provision should be made to require the Trustees to Turnpike Roads to Teleale l.eflees of Tolls from their Cont rafts, at the End of the current Year, if the Leflecs desire it.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause in the said Act, which directs, that from and after the 29th Day of September 1776, the Tire of all Wheels of Carriages to be used on Turnpike Roads, shall be counterfunk in placing the feme upon the Fellies in such Manner that the Nails shall not rite above the Surface; and that the Sole or Surface of the Wheels shall be quite flat, under a Penalty of 40/. to be paid by the Owner, and 20 s. by the Driver, not being the Owner, ought to be repealed.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " repealed," and inferring the Words " suspended for Two Years" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " repealed" (land Part of the said Resolutkfa;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

|»7-

Tdlm for the Noes} 40-

So it was retblved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill tq authorize, for a Time to Transpo»t*ia«; be limited, the Punishment hard Labour of Offen- Bill ders, who for certain Crimes are now liable to be trans- for ported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Planta- PuniflunaK. tions, be read a Second Time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes, Anerican of the 2zd Day of December last, of the Title of a Bill, Colonic*, intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, York, New

" 7"/?’ Penjylvania, the Three Lower Counties on

" Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South " Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the

" present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act made in the 14th Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the " landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within " the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Massachusets Bay; and also Two Acts made in the last " Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade " and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or " Persons (appointed and authorized by His Majesty " to grant Pardons) to issue Proclamations, in the " Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned," might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly j

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the Ufc which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licences to such Ships and Vessels as shall be actually retained, or employed in His Majesty’s Service; or to such Ships and Vessels. as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons,-or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s -

Troops,

r6 Geo. III. a0 — 3

Troops, given them by an Act, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Iutercpurfe with the Co* Ionics of New Hampjhirt, Massachusets Bay, Rhode " ljhndy ComeEticut, New lark. New Jersey, Ptnfylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, u Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, «So#/A Carolina, " or Georgia, during the Continuance of the present " Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for " repealing an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of thfe *c Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the c< landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of c< Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and " within the Harbour, of Bofion, in the Province of *c Massachusets Bay; and also Two Acts made in the u last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade c( and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts re-4C spectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Procla-mat ions, in the Cafes and for the Purposes therein *c mentioned and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and to report their " Opinion thereupon to the House/'

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licences to such Ships any Vessels as shall be actually retained, or employed in His Majesty's Service 5 or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions. for the Use of His Majesty's ‘Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops, given them by an Act, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and Inter- course with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Mafia* % chufets Bay, Rhode Island, CormeEiicut, New York, " New Jersey, Penfylvama, the Three Lower Counties on DeUware, Marylandy Virginia, North Carolina, South " Carolinay or Georgia, during the Continuance of the cc present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; " for repealing an Act made in the Fourteenth Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue " the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and €C within the Harbour, of Bofion, in the Province of 4C Massachusets Bay, and also Two Acts made in the " last Session of Parliament; for reftnuAing the Trade " and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts re-u spectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty, or " any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by " His Majesty to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and for the Purposes thereia " mentioned."

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn -ing next, relbive itself into the (kid Committee,

Weymonth Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry to the Lords, the

Succts. ingrossed Bill lor paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dor jety and for removing all , Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, there*

in; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto. v

Offices The other Order of the.Day befog read;

Em^mews. Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a' Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as h*ve omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Em-. VOL. 35. "

0 Mail 75 r

ploy men ts; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace* or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Maii\

Anno 16* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to declare His Majesty’s natural- Scotch born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Natural-born Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Subjects' Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to declare His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects inheritable to the Estatesof their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Christopher Sykes, Esquire, sykts's

to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon Mortgage divers Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of -Sledmere, °n in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the (kid Christopher Sykes, on the Division and Improve* ment intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate in Part of the same Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dor pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling Christopher Sykes, Esquire, to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers Lands and Grounds in the rarish of Sledmere, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Syktt, on the Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes, his Wife, in lieu of her Life Estate, in part of the feme Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Di?orce. Baronet, with the Right honourable Lady Sarah Lenox, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 13th Day of this Iriftant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel and examine Witnesses, for the said. Bill; and also that they do hear

Counsel,

m

TJiOivrood*!

Marriage Sect lenient.

Nuthair* Lila ces.

Onslow

and

Winter’s

Agreement.

Ludlow,

*c.

Roads,

Neivnliam’s

inflates.

752

3* Man.'

A. 1776.

Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Vere Daflrwood, Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Majlerman and Thomas.

Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and Copyhold Estates bf Thomas Nut hall, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack.

worth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Gliatnber. *.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veiling an Estate in the County of Middlesex, which was settled by Richard Onslow, Esquire, deceased, on his Marriage with Poolley Wa, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by Him for the Purchase thereof, and for inverting the Purchase Money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Hereford, to a

Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas

Hill, Mr. Mackworth&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at. Five of die Cfock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and SuJJ'ex, and in the Cities of London and

Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, in lieu thereof, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confenl to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I louse, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Ref>/ved, That the Bill do pats*

Ordered, That Mr. George Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint, them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Yardley

Halting*

luvtofura.

An ' ingrossed Bill for dividing; allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within tire Manor and Parish of Yard-ley Hajlings, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third 1'ime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common fields. Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley Hajlings, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Mellish presented to the House, according Witnesse* to Order, a Bill for the Payment of Costs to Parties, and and Charges to Constables, Witnesses, and others, on Complaints determined before Justices of the Peace out 0 of Sessions; for making a Constable’s Rate; and for the Payment of Charges to Witnesses and Prosecutors of any Larceny, or other Felony, in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Strutt reported from the Committee, to whom weft HomJ« the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain inclosurt-Common or Unindofed Piece or Parcel of Commonable Land or Ground, within the Manor or Parish of West Horndon, in the County of EJJ'ex, was committed;

That the Committe had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry to the Lords the Mfdowi’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to amend Name, an Act, made and passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to enable John " Medows, the Elder, Gentleman, and his Issue Male, to

" take the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to " the Will of Elizabeth Theobald, Widow, deceased;" and also to enable John Medows, eldest Son of the said John Medows (now John Theobald) and the Heirs of his Body, to take the said Surname, and bear the said Arms, of Theobald; and acquaint their Lojdships, that this

House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Captain Johnflone reported from the Committee, to Chevalier's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Mat. Act for naturalizing Marie Magdelaine Chevalier, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without ’any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Captain Johnflont do carry the Bill to

the

16 Geo. III.

3 ° M

753

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

hath

Jiafibury

inclosure.

Mr. Eiwes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open anti Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Manor of Eafibury, otherwise , in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th cf April 1774, relative to Hills of

regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tinje.

Sir Chartes Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act made in the Fifth 'Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act to prevent the " committing of Frauds by Bankrupts;" and 4H0 an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His

Bankrupt,

kc.

Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Com- ___________,_______________ . __________

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Hill, and present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- " Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from cemed had given their Content to the Bill, to the Sa-

PilcWd

Fishery; S;. Ives.

to

tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diretfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the IToule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Adam Drummond reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within the Hay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s 'FaA>le: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, wpon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

" Foreign* Countries ^into Great Britain or Ireland, and " to re ft rain the lender thereof beyond a certain " Sum:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty several Duties on Supply B ll Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases,

Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions, by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/^ed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bi],

p for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Exchequer

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Bills Bin. thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee or the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing further Time for the Exportation

Port fir, out h St reels.

Ships in Distrds may remove the Cables arvd VTawters without being subject. to the Penalties of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles, when ware-made Part of the Bill. housed, upon Importation into this Kingdom; to im-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be power the Commissioners of the Customs to order all ingrafted. Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Pro-

fecutions have been had for the Space of Five Years (ex- Mr. Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom cept Bonds for Duties and for the good Behaviour of the Bill for lighting and watching the Town of Ports- Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; mouth, in the County of Southampton; and for ex- and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds im-plaining and amending an Act, passed in the Eighth ported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for

Dane* on Bug and Feather Bek.

ngles

and

Vhnle

FHherv.

paving and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and for preventing Nui-tances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Hill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to t>y the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the , according to Order, a Bill for the further lincouragenicnt of the W hale Fishery carried on front* Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for Vol. 35. ' -

Bounty on Flax Seed.

Beds, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The Aufirian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback Drawback upon the Exportation of Mullins and CaJli- on

9 F coes, bet

VjrOO^lc

Coin Laws; prosecuting Offenders*

Adjournment.

Hindon

Election.

Yelvertoft

Inclosure.

Trent and Merfejr Navigation.

Selby, &c; Roads.

Chndldgh Bridge, tint? Ash burton, Road.

Glatton

and

Holme

Drainage

Bowden

Ipdofarr.

754

3* Ma

A. 1776.

cocs, imported by the East India Company in the Years 1773 and 1774s and for allowing further Time to the said Company, to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the 5th Day of April 1776; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refcjvedy That the Bill be committed tp a Committee of the whole House.

Refohiedy’Ynzt. this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enable the ConunilBoners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Com, over and above the Sum Yearly allowed for that Service, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Houlie will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do give this House an Account of what Proceedings have been, in the Prosecutions of Richard Esquire, Thomas

Brand Hollis, Esquire, James Esquire, and

Rickard Beckford, Esquire, pursuant to the Direction of this House in the last Session of Parliament.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hotford and Mr. Browning:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Yelvertoft, in the county of 'Northampton; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, to make a navigable Canal, from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of ,to and

a Rail-Way from thence to or near , in the said County, and to make other Rail-Ways; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from Tadcqfter to Halt on in the West

Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to, the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, respecting Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called The Parts and Alderlots, in the Parifties of Glatton and , in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common. Pastures, Common Meadows, and othej Commonable Lands, within the Parish 4nd Liber-9

CUrtbfOU.il

and

WtlbMB I u do fare.

Clipfton

and

Newbold

IndofurCf

Shephard’*

EfUtcs.

Mason’l

Estates.

Eftcoort% Efaucs >

ties of Great Bowden, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures, Free Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Glarebrough and PTelham, in the Parish of Clarebrough, in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Clifffon and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates, late of Samuel Shepheard, of Exning, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Sixth Parts of the Estates late of Stanhope Mason, Gentleman, deceased, in England and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled in lieu, thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hdufe: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for applying the Money to arise by Sale of certain Messuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, devised by the Will of Edmund EJlcourt, Esquire, deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Manfiom-house upon the settled Estates late of the said Edmund EJlcourt, at Shipton Moyne and Dovel, in the County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the ancient Mansion-house now Handing thereon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefltngers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill , from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ma(onr| for vesting Two Sixth Parts of the Estate late of - kftatrs, hope Mason, Gentleman, deceased, in England and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the First -Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Tr»irfpwtaAo| Reading of the Bill to authorize, for a Time to be , , Bil*. limited, the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders, or that* who for certain Crimes are now liable to be transported Puoiihmentl to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ThurJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shepheanfil for vesting several Estates late of Samuel , of

Exning, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Firfc Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Acc for applying the Money to arise by Sale of certain Messuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, deviled by the Will of Edmund EJlcourt, Esquire, deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Mansion-

house

Eftcnarrt

E:Ute«

6° Mail.

16 Geo. Ill* 3 *- em*^* 1

- _ ,he settled Effete fete of the (kid £dW«»d. 0tier* That the Order of the Day. for the House 'Vjfe

house upon and Dnd, in the County of to refc)ive itself into a Committee of the whole House; * "«"> ?lr t«then»i'th the Materials of the ancient to conifer further of Ways and Means for raising the ?irlhc£L now handing thereon, was read the First Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Mansion-house not *> HH > Order being read accordingly;

Tune. . _ r»:n ---- a - Refo, That this House will, upon Monday Mom*

is next, resolve itself into the said Committee*.

ncrican

oiooics*

juauawM

T%olved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefc be pnefcnted to His Majesty, That He will be gmcioidly pleased to give Direaions, that there be laid before this House* Copies of all Licenses granted by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for exerting Provisions or other Goods to America, in consequence of " An Act to prohibit <« all Trade and Int-^rmufi* nn*h f>o'nnu"

Ordered, That the Order of the D»v »»

resolve itself into a Committee of the «,k i C}}OU-C consider further of the Bill to disfJmrk ^0 0 ^ou{^ to ciUte certain Persons, therein mS^son^ ?d lncaPa* Elections of Members to serve in P ®ronv voting Preventing Bribery and Corruminn so'

1113 majuuj, a.ms *' _ .

Direaions, that there be laid before this Houfb* Copies " " Licenses granted by the Lords Commissioners of

Imiralty, for exporting Provisions ot other Goods v.«re ceiw. . «ns, mcrem mentioned <w, to A*m<a, in consequence of " An Act to prohibit at Elections of Members to fern so PaHI ’ tf0aV i intercoufe with the Colonies of JVezv Drewntmcr Bnberv and " f^'ament, and for

lajjachufets Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut Member?6 to serve in Parl^^^r111 t,lc E,c&ion of

fan 7<r/~ PtMvama. the Three I J?.' Vl'bere " /"l»ment. for the M

« Counties «« mary

« Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the

" Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reip-n of Hi« — -

--- j '

now re»° w

And the: said Order being read accordingly;

___The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

o- ,* <- r XPt made in Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sf&SSSfSi rf rtln of HU prerent Mr. Georg, VmH* V^on took the Chair of the; - - An the Commit, a..-

u dize. at the Tnum su'd *L

iuc rountcnin i ear of the Reign of His present Mr. 1

Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, Commiu--- *"w

" bd>ng or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchan- And the Committee W u,

dize^at^the Town, and within the Harbour, of Ho/fott. embers not being present ^>ecn and Forty

Mr. Speaker refomed fLru.:.

Office*

and

- aoing or impping ot Goods, Wares, and Merchan- - *»»v ^remittee having b

dize, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Kofi on. Members not being present;

« in the Province of Majfachufels Bay; and also Two ^r-^Dea^r the Chair.

u Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, Cot re* _ House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty

a straining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in Mwnbers being then found to be present;

" the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable . .^at this House will, immediately, resolve

" any Person or Persons (appointed and authorized h>y ltlelt again into a Committee of the whole House, to

" His Majesty to grant Pardons) to issue Proclamations, OT^Ter *ttrther of the said Bill.

" in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned i" Then Motion — -

together with any Alterations that have been made in such Licences.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented tro His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council. ^v^embers not be!i

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House T\ie°H°^he to resolve itself into a Committee of whole WWe, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have orrv\lt«d. to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments* and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or otYxers who have omitted to register or deliver in their Ovialifi-cations within the Time limited by Daw. ar- -

further 'V'"*'*- r " "

-» v/i L1IC UlC Bill* ,

l hen a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed* That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chau,

Not\Ce was taken that Forty Members were not now pretend

And the House being again told by Mr* Spaker, and

Torty Members not being present, and it being the n

a" ur of the Clock;

Th- u -

O -

-- v-lock.;

House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without Question first; put, till Monday Morning next*

A en of the Clock.

___wnc

______ ,cg\u.er or deliver in their C^vaalifi

cations within the Time limited by haw, and for ^vvinj

further Time for those Purposes-, and to indevnnif

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted

to be stamped according to Law, or, Hacving been

stamped, have been loft or miftaid, and for allowing

them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped *, and

to give further Time to such Persons as haw — ’ to make and file AfkAn.*'*-- r

A-

uuiy stamped , and

w _____ nme to such Persons as Have omitted

to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be -read.

A

p*aye*s.

Lunx> 6 0 die Maii;

Anno '4° Georgii niv R~.-

6 11 ReSls* 1776.

9 *

now

\ m^r(^e^ Bill from the "Lords, intituled, An Act

Most nrvW ftpS Trustees the settled F.states of the

rd Kf~£*'

affeftVr.fr *u t to <discharge incumbrances

n . -;*& accordingly j Estates? anA rme> other I^art of the said settled

ssssSrrrrr:.

ou?csrter^d the ch*- ASdrtS, £ — ^fi

JTicnumerits thcrcn»'i, A - *

V — -

— tdccution of 1

___ w. wieiKs to Attornies and Solicitors, b

read.

And the stud Order being read accordingly -

The "House resolved itfelt into the Cud Cor.-’

Mr. Speaker left tk«

C*

Duke <

AiKaft

and

iCelteve

Eilat*

Sir C*^:rI^Umed.,h'Chair. Lora c"tr‘1mi‘‘vd to Mr. Dr Grey,

led h im *

*u»ly.

--- reported from the Committee,

a nar they had gpne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Had dire£V»*A

to report, when the House will please 1 fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Afonday looming next. J

tk *

___..uuacC)

-0.. vne mil, and made several _

___ — »cuxs thereunto *, which they Had directed him An ingrossed Bill for lighting and watching the T<

to report, when the House will please to receive the of Portsmouth, in the County of Southam*'"'

Hmc- explaining and ameoAvn« -

Ordered, »*-- "V- —

..6uvu\g and watching \

--- vWl

x vrtsmouth, in the County of Southampton *, and for

explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Eighth

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Hotter paving and cleansing the Streets and other r>nVU»*- '*’* Tages in the said Town, and ( and —

_ ..e me Eighth ... xvxojcicy's Reign, for the Hotter uAvine and cleansing the Streets and other public Faf.

£ges 10 the said Town, and for preventing ISuilances Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the House and Annoyances therein, and for widening ®nd ^.n‘

to Tefolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, dering the same more commodious, was read the 1 Hud

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Tune.

jesty, be now read. Refolded, That the Bui do pals: And that the Title

And the said Order being read accordingly; . be. An Act for lighting and watching the Town of

Resolved, That this House will, upon JVdonday Morn- Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton j and for

inc next, resolve itself into the said Committee. explaining and amending an Act, passed in the K*~*

Vow 35,

Passed in ie A ^^t/i

car

Welby

Inclosure.

Pilchard FHhery; St. Ives.

Answer to

Address.

Westminster

Streets.

Warwick

thro*

Southam

Road.

6° Mail. A. 1776.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and 'other public railages in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pallure, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the county of ,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the l'everal Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pallure, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Welby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Lord Brownl Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried on within >the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Adam Drummond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hittchingbrook reported to the House,

That their Address of Friday last, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to His Majesty* and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Householders in the optional Streets within the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Security of the Rates made by several Acts for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and are very desirous to discharge the lame; and that, if Power was given to the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets within the City , and Liberty of to

raise and levy upon each of the said optional Streets any Sum of Money, not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound, the Petitioners would be thereby enabled to discharge the Monies so due on the said Rates: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the Bill now depending, for remedying feme Defects in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Charles Whitworth, Mr. Whitworth, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

18

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton:

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leigh*, for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John Leigh, El- Eftato.

quire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be committed to Mr. ley. Sir Richard Worsley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Upfold*. for veiling the settled Estates of William Upfold, Gen- Estates. tleman, in the County of Middlesex, and City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Robinson, Mr. Pczvys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon AngiHVy Coals used in smelting Copper Ores, within the Isle of Mine*.

Anglesey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Ifton or Common Fields, Common Moors, Common Mea- Inclosure. dows. Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Ifton, in the County of Monmouth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Common Moors, Common-Meadows,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Ifton, in the County of Mon-, mouth.

Ordered, That Mr. John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Knight ley reported from the Committee, to weed<»B«ic whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure. and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck, within the Parish and Liberties of 'Weedon Beck,' in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the arjth. of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Eight Yard Lands and One Quarter, and Nine Cottage Commons, who refilled to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of Sixty-nine Yard Lands apd One Quarter, or thereabouts, and Forty-two Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared* before the Committee to oppose the Bill);

and

16 Geo. HI-

<5 °M

- -

i rwnmittee had gone through the Bill, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crowcorfibe and that the Comm thereunto, which they had for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Unculu- Inclosure.

made several Am dm House; and He read vated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called Crow-directed mm i^ delivered the combe , and and Parcel of Quantock

fc Re?*°u Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Hills, within the Parish of Crow combe, in the County of

*'---- ~ Ampnnmpnf

directed nun - -r and afterwards delivered the combe. Heatnjiem, a/ 77Vh^Cnnn tv of

« he Amendments, in - *An StaSf: And also 1 Where the Amendments

WeOn?nbyrOnef'andghupon ^The^llorf5 have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to MolefWorth' and then a Second 1.me, OT were agreed to enable certain Persona, during the successive Minorities

the Question severally on P° of Sir Wid*am Molesworth, Baronet, and lus Brothers, to

by the House „ith ,he Amendments, be grant Lease® of Eftat« devised to them by the Will

Ordered, That the , Qp gjr , Baronet, deceased; to which

ingrossed. the I^rris clefire the Concurrence of this House.

of Sip WMu/ty*j a-kmuhgi, ucceaiea; t<

T , '. , the Lords cl efire the Concurrence of this House

wh^orth’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, mtitufed, An Act And then the Messe tigers withdrew.

W£S for the fMe of the fifties of Sir Charles in And the said Bill from the Lords, was read the First

and for exonerating the fame. Time.

.....--------------------- That the Bill be read a Second Time.

IU1 L11V -

the County of Somerset;and for exonerating the fame, and his Estates in the County of Kent, from the Portions of his younger Children, provided by his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second Time.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be committed to Afr.

> 7 /*- 1JI/It Sir

Efe&ion.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Tumoikl Thirteenths^ e?T0. !^e Heign of His present Majesty, Laws.

taCKJon, JVII. minimum, w.v., a.nsa - -- ---- intituled, An Act to exnlain 'ampnrl and r/»rinr*»

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ’ into One Act of Parliament the General Laws now

Clmmber- " parlTofSGrrl,£SUia'ing the Turnpike Roads in that

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, " Purposes,1* was reada and for other

That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, ’ Refohsed, That th<* Rin im*’ i,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole JHFouIe, coyne, Mr. fc a, committed to Mr. Gas-

to consider further of the Bill to disfranchise and ’ Afternoon* at Fiv u d t ieY are to roeet this incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from Chamber - and n 6 , the Clock, in the Speaker’s voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, have Voices & W come to Committee are to and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the

Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the - Sir NTattl "

Borough of otherwise Shaftelburj, in the County mittee . White Ridley reported from the Com-

of Dee/et. J certain wh°m the Bill for dividing and inclosing

It passed in the Negative. , Stinted \Kn Common Fields, Common Meadows,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ground r Ulfcs> and Commons, Moors, or Waste

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in the n Within the Manor- and Parish of,

to consider further of the said Bill That County of was committed;

Pelfo^w>owere ordered, the Stanri;C°n^ittee had examined, and found that

to attend the said Committee upon Friday \aft,d.o attend Apa"d,n8 Orders of the House, of the 2cth of

the said Committee upon this Day Sevenmght. , Bills of Inclosure, had5 been

Corbri

Indol

rramrsi* 'j r^,nt, vc «> Dills ot inclosure, had been

minerWk WAh and the Committee had exa-

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosine, to be . the AI1<Jatl°ns of the Bill, and found the same certain Common or VJmnclosed Piece or Parcel of tbf-ir. r»UCr ^a^ Parties concerned had given

i -A ~ r---- to the Bill, to the Satisfaction ol the

committee I exwnt »k. r» — _ . - -

„---- me rarues co

^ 4>tttWkV/lV>U y VJL marcel ot their Consent to the Bill, to the __ — —

Commonable Land or Ground, within the h/lanor or Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands and He*

Parish of We}I Horndon, in the County of Essex, was read reditaments within the said Parish, of the Yearly Value

the Third Time. of 347> including the Proprietors of Thirteen Stints

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that tVke Title and an Half in the Stinted Pastures, who have not

be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a frgned the Bill; and that the Annual Bent of all the

certain Common or Uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Com- Lands and HererV.»-,r~~_ ——

momble Land or Ground uAtV.’.- »u- ~

_____v, cliiax mat no Person appeared before

Bill to the the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-Courtenhall An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act reded him to report to the Floufe; and he read

Er« school for veiling the Free School House, Dwelling Irloufe for; the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Investment. t^e Mailer and Liber, Close, and other Premises, thereto Bill, with the Amendments, in a.t the Clerk’s Table: belonging, in Courtenkall, in the County of Northampton, Where the- Amendments/ were Once read throughout;

in Sir William Wake, Baronet, and his Heirs, upon the and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Conditions therein mentioned, was read, a Second Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Time. House; and several Amendments were made, by the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George House, to the Bill.

Robinson, Mr. Pozvys, &c.: And they are to meet this , That the Bill, with the Amendments, b<

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ingrossed.

Chamber.

That the Commissioners of His Majesty Customs do lay before this House, Copies of all Et tries of Goods and Merchandize outward for Nor

America, (Canada and A ova Scotia excepted) whi< have been made at the Port of or any otli

Port within Great Britain or Ireland, and also of ar Cockets or Permits that may have passed for shippir. of Goods into any Ships taken into His Majesty’s Servie bound to A America, as far as such Entries! Cocker or Permits, have as yet come to their Knowledge, fine passing the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Inter course with the Colonies of Hampshire^MnJJa

9 ° ‘hujft

Counters

of

"hfRmene’s

t.ltate.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Eatnes and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge certain Lands, heretofore Part the F.state and Inherit rinr/at -f

j '' -

— tier< — - vjr

r 7TC- Inheritance of Thomas Eyre, Esquire deceated utuate within the Lordship of Peak, in*

FVmTrr*rDny'?°V^ Payment of a certain Fee I c\Tm Kent of One hunfirpri p _ .

Lairing the W on \ fOT

Without any Amendment: A-vI a\f thC Lltate;

VOL. 35. ‘AdllO,

American

ColoaU*.

American

Colonies*

Ditto.

758

6° M

A. 1776,

chufets Bay, &c. with the Dates thereof; and also the several Quantities of Goods actually shipped from each Port in Great Britain or , in Consequence

of such Entries, Cockets, or Permits, as aforesaid, distinguishing the Species of each, by whom, and for whose Account they were entered, when shipped, in what Ship or Vessel they have been Chipped off, by whose Licence or Permission, and also Copies of all Minutes in their Books, or any Orders, Notes, Messages or Letters in their Office, received from, or sent to, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lords Commissioners or the Admiralty, or their re-l'pective Secretaries, or to any other Person or Officer of Government whatsoever, relative to the Subject of (ending Goods to America under the Redactions imposed by the said Act; also an Account of any Goods, tliftinguished as above, that may have been re-landed fcora any Ship, or Vessel, in Consequence of any Order or Alteration in the Regulations that may have taken Place for licensing the above Commerce, as permitted by the aforesaid Act, and the Reasons for such Alterations and Re-landing.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do lay before this House, a Copy of any Contract, or Agreement, which may subsist between His Majesty and the Owners of the Ship and

Peggy, or with any other Person in that Behalf, for taking the said Ship Jamiefon and Peggy into His Majesty’s Service; as also any Agreement which may ' subsist between His Majesty and any other. Person, for the Purchase of the Cargo of the said Ship Jamieftn and Peggy, as expressed in a Schedule annexed, to her Licence from the Admiralty 10th April last.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He would be graciously pleased to

S’ve Directions, that a Copy of a Lettec from Lord eorge Germaine, to the Lords Commissioners of Admi-»

ralty, dated 7th February last,. relative to.a Licence to be granted to the Ship and Peggy, for

trading to North America, be laid before this House; as also any other Letters to the said Board of Admiralty, for granting Licences to any other Ships or Vessels taken into His Majesty’s Service.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do lay before this House, a Copy of any Contract made by them with James Bogle French, for supplying His Majesty’s Army with Rum.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to His Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do lay before this House, Copies of any Contracts made by them with Sir James Cockburn, Baroner, for supplying His Majesty’s Navy and Army with Rum in North America.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do lay before this House, a Copy of any Letter which may have been wrote by the Secretary of the Treasury to Mr. Anthony Merry; as also . a Copy of any Contract or Contracts, which may lubfilt between the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on Behalf of His Majesty, and the said Mr. Merry.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley, Secretary of the Customs, , do, upon Wednesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole IJoufe, appointed to inquire into

*7

the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licences to such Ships and Vessels as shall be actually retained or employed in His Majesty’s Service; or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions for the L!fe of His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town cr Place garrisoned or possefl'ed by any of His Majesty’s Troops, given them by an Act, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all " Trade and Intercoule with the Colonies of New " Hampshire, Majj'achufetsBay, Rhode Connecti-

" cut. New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three " Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,

" North Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the " said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act " made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour " of Boftott, in the Province of Bay, and

also Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of " the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned;

and to enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to " grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the " Cafes, and for the Purposes therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Mr. Bates, Deputy Collector of the’ Customs outwards for Foreign Business, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That. Mr. Hurde, of the Customs, do at* tend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume, of the Customs, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Titne.

Ordered, That the Person employed to superintend the Printing of the Entries of the Customs, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Payne do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Petrie do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Whitlock of Lime-street, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Withers of do

attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That NLt. Bozvles of Friday-street, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hpdson of Blackwell Hall, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Ingrahan Foster of Nicholas Lane, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Polard do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayton do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hodgson of do attend

the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Merry do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Anderson do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Wilkiufon do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Anjley do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Chriflie, Junior, do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Abel do attend the said Committee, at the said Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Macauley do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Mackenzie do attend' the said-Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered,

American

Colonies*

Sandwich

Drainage.

16 Geo. III. d3 Matt* 759

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Watlington do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of all Entries that were made of Goods, for any of the Colonies of America, under the Restrictions mentioned in the re. (training Acts of last Session of Parliament j dist j nguishing the Species, Quantity, Time, by whom, and on whole Account, entered, and in what Ship sent.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within The General; and for the better recovering the Scotts authorized to be raised by the Laws of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, be now read the Third Time,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the .»

Tellers for he Noe^ ^^- } 97-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read tlte Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for laving the Rights of* the Harbour of Sandwich.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4, 1. 27. To leave out " Composition.*

Pr. 12, 1. 20. After " Landlords" to infer* any " Lease, Covenant, or Agreement, " made before the passing of this " Act, to the contrary Hereof notwithstanding."

Pr. 13, 1. 8,1 To leave out " Houses, 'Buildings, & 9. $ " or Water Mills."

1. 41. After " Vallies" to insert by Warrant or Warrants under their " Hands and Seals."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for several limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Linds and Grounds within The General Vallies.

Ordered, That Mr. Milks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

resolve itself into a Comfnittee of the whole House, to Supply, consider further of the Supply granted to His M^efty,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Hejfian Artillery, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Prince of WaldecXr, signed at Arolfeny 20th April 1776, and Tfanflation, be referred to the said Committee-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Chatge of a Regiment of Foot, in the Pay of Great Hr it a in, pursuant to Treaty with the reigning Prince of Waldeck, from 22d April 177 6t0 *4th December following, both inclusive, being 447 Days, be referred to, the said

Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they Rad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morfow Morning.

Sir Charles Whitworth also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to ffiove, that they maY have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morri-

VJS next, resolve itself into a of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His'

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, AhM to enable John Whitfield, Esquire, to charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton, in the Manner therein mentioned, was fead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Combe,

Mr. Whitworth,&c.: And they afe to meet this Afternoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for the further Encouragement of the Whale 'Vh*'e 17 Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Colonies. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the last Dispatches, and of all Dispatches received since the First Day of March last, from General Howe, and Vice Admiral Skuldham, that this House niay have full and authentic Information of the present State of the "War in North America, before they proceed to granC any further Supplies for carrying on the said War;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the } 54-

Telle, for } *7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Vox.. 35.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of Bankrupts, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by Bankrupts;" and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain thd Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, Tint this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upo/l the said Bill.

The Hdufe, according to Order, resolved' itself into Supply

a Com- &ii'

160 6° Mail 1776>

a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, a*nd upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Exchequer The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a 'Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1776.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Duties on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allow-ftttherbeds. further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecution? have been had for the Space of Five Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bounty The House, according to Order, resolved itself into . °" a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for *" e' granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The Austrian , imported into Ireland, fora Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gpne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Drawback to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; on upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing ^Iufllus» &c* the Drawback upon the Exportation of \Iuflins.and Collicoes, imported by the East India Company, in the Years 1773 and 1774; and for allowing further Time to the said Company, to expose to Sale tuch Bohea and Singlo Teas and CotFee as remained unfold on the 5th Day of April 1776; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.:

The House, according to Order, resolved itself: into Coin Laws; a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill to Prosecuting enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to °ff, ctKlers* order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service. ....

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report Jao received Tomorrow Morning.

r

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Offices from the Committee of the whole House, to whom and the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted plo, mait,‘ to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemniiy Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

i 6 Geo. Ill*

7°

Mail.

*]6i

ScrcTCton

luciofure.

A Motion being made, that the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Sixth Parts of the Estates late of Stanhope Gentleman,

deceased, in England and , in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof be now read a Second Time;

A Petition of Ruth Widow, on Behalf of

.. herself and her Infant Son, and on Behalf of Morgan

T O R D George SuttoH reported from the Comrriittee, and Brilliana his Wife, and their Infant Children,

to whom the Bill to confirm and establish the was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice

/ - J Hill . C__lL Tl A ® a* .

Martis, die Mdii;

Anno 16® Georgii IIItHRegis, xyjGi

Mafoh^s

Eftilc.

Prayers.

JLi to whom the Bill to confirm and establish Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of Nottingham, and

also several Exchanges of Lands within the said JParish, was committedi That the Committee had examined, and found that the fttanding Orders of the f-Iouie, of

of the said Bill; and setting forth, That Application has been made to Parliament in the Two preceding Sefixons, and the necessary Steps taken in Ireland previous to fi*ch Application; but, from the bad State of Health of f°me the Parties in and other

Shrpheard’s

Estates.

the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had unavoidable Accidents, the said Bill has been delayed

§v*'*rt mth ’k~ n-----, W and cannot now, as the Petitioner is informed, be

passed, unless the Standing Order of the House, of the 6th Day of February 1707, " That there be 30 Days at least. between the First and Second Reading of every private Bill relating to Estates in Ireland," be dilpenled with: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Relief therein. *

And a Member in his Place, having informed the House, that he was acquainted with the Parties interested in the fiud Bill, and that he believed that the Alkg^ons of the said Petition wets true;

Ordered, That, on account of the particular Circum-^an Cf* forth in the said Petition, Leave be given *rii C &id Hill be now read a Second Time.

p ^id Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. EtfoFued, That the Bill be committed to Mr. wy -brereton, Sir Charles Whitworth, &c.: And they meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in

been complied with.; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Act

for veiling several Estates, late of Samuel Shepheard9 of

Exning, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, in

Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other Estates,. the Speahr’sChamber, to be conveyed to the like Uses, and for other Purposes

Accounts presented;

Customs

(Scotland).

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s and the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Caff ell, concluded at Chamber. Hatton the 2 ah of Abril 1 <776. and Translation.

Hanauthe 25th of April 1776, and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Translation were read.

The laid Copy is preserved amongst the other . Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

Treaty

for

Sublidiary

Troops.

Accounts prdented;

Extife

(Scotland).

The House being informed, that Mr. Rcruve, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the

Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Brit iff. and Irish Linens exported from Scotland, without Bounty, from 5th January *773 to 5th January 1776: And also,

An Account of the graft and net Produce of the several public Revenues, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Salt Duty) for Three Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the His Most Serene Highness having caused it to bei signi-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. fied, that he could furnish a Detachment of his Ar-The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other tillery, to wit, the Company of Artillery, of One bun-Papers of this Session. dred and Twenty-eight Men, according to the Efta-

hlishment hereunto annexed, with Six Field-Pieces, One The House being informed, that. Mr. Rowe, from Ammunition Waggon, Three Carts, One Forge, and the CommUTioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the the necessary Hamefs for the Draught-Horses, which Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Artillery has always Part of the Regiment of

the House, pursuant so their Order, Infantry furnished by Hi? Most Serene Highnefe, and

An Accqunt of the gross and net Produce of all in Pay, His Majesty having readily contented

the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners thereto, promises and engages, by the present Ulterior

Translation of the Ulterior Convention, between His Majesty and the Hereditary Prince of Hesse CaffeU, concluded at Hanau, the 2cth of April 1776.

Since the Conclusion of the Treaty between His Majesty the King of Great Britain,' and His Most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Hesse CaffeU, reigning Count of Hanau, signed by their respective . Plenipotentiaries, at Hanau, the 5th of February last.

of Excise i n North Britain, for Three Years last part;

distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vox.. SS-

Convention, that he will caufp to be paid to His Most Serene Highness the Levy Money for each Man of the said DcUchtngnt, according the 8th to Article of the above-mentioned Treaty; and that the whole 1 enor of the Cud Treaty /hail extend to the Artillery, as fir as it is applicable thereto. And His Most Serene Highness promises and engages, on his Part, by these Prefects, to hold the said Detachment of Artillery of Men in

9 H Hcadinels

7° Mail. A. 1776.

Tmty

for

Subsidiarj

Troops.

Readings to march by the 15th of next* cr sooner, if it can be done; which Detachment of Artillery shall be provided at the Place of its Dcftination with the necessary Horses, and every other Part of the Train not above specified of which it may have Occasion, at the Charge of His Majesty; and it shall constantly serve in the same Army, in which the above-mentioned Regiment is employed. His Britannick Majesty engages also, that this Company of Artillery shall enjoy the same Pay, and all the Emoluments, which have been or shall be hereafter granted to the Hessian Artillery, and particularly such as are stipulated for the Regiment of the Most Serene Hereditary Prince by the 7, 9, 10, and 1 i,h Articles of the Treaty; and if it shall unfortunately happen, that any of the Pieces of Artillery, or other Effects with which this Company is provided, should be taken by the Enemy, or loft, whether by Accidents on the Sea or otherwise. His Majesty promilcs to be accountable for the same to His Most Serene Highness, and consequently to cauie the Value and Price thereof <to be paid. His laid Majesty and His laid Most Serene

Highness have therefore thought proper to authorize their respective Ministers, to wit. His Britannick Majesty Colonel William Faucitt, Captain in the Guards; and His Most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Hejje Cajfell, his Minister and Privy Councillor actual, Frederic De Malfbourg, to sign the present Ulterior Convention, which shall have the same Force as if it were inserted Word for Word in the Treaty signed at , the 5th of February last, and it shall be ratified in the same Manner; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged within the Space of Six Weeks, to be computed from the Day of the Signature. In Testimony whereof, we the Undersigned, being furnished with the full Powers of His Britcmnick Majesty, and His Most Serene Highness the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Caffellt have signed the present Ulterior Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Hanau, the 25th of April 1776.

(L.S.) William Faucitt. (L.S.) Frederic de Maljbourg.

ESTABLISHMENT of the Company of Artillery.

1 Captain

r First Lieutenant

2 Second Lieutenants 1 Serjeant Major

10 Bombardiers 1 Surgeon

3 Drummers 90 Gunners

1 Waggon Master

1 Principal Artillery Man 12 Artillery Men.

1*3

Artificers.

1 Master. Farrier 1 His Assistant 1 Master Wheelwright 1 His Assistant 1 Sadler.

5

Total 128

Six Field Pieces, One Ammunition Waggon, Three Carts, and One Forge.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation do lie

upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Exporting Ordered, That the Instruction, which, upon Thursday

Provisions, lift, was given to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, fcc* and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 29th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and County of , (praying to be permitted to export Provisions and other Necessaries, for the Use of the British Fishery carried on at Newfoundland, and the Places adjacent) and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, and were then agreed to by the House, to prepare the iak^ Bill, pursuant to 'the Resolution, which, ’ upon the 26th Day of April last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coftfidef bf lo much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth "Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

l7

intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn," as relates to the Ports and Places into which Com and Grain may be imported and landed, without Payment of the Duties, and was then agreed to by the House, be discharged.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which. Importation upon the 26th Day of April last, was reported from of Corn,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was *

referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Com," as relates to the Ports and Places into which Corn and Grain may be imported and landed without Payment of the Duties; and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Refohed, That Com, Grain, and Flour, imported " into the Port of Prejion, be allowed to be landed " without Payment of the Duties, under the like Re-

strictiens

iiS-

7

r 6 Geo. IU*

n n Graifl, *ftd Hour. allowed to

« ftriaions as ~?reVeral Ports mentioned in an Act,

.. be landed the Year of the R«g

Mail.

763

;n of His

several AS* pa««t I**- ,clranCo6> ''gating, and Ratine the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places,

2„ the City and Liberty of and Parts ad*

within the W.tted. Tha[ they have power tQ a

r -1- I. -a* 4>V%a LI r>f /In

" made in the ll, lt ied, " An Act to regulate the

" present Majesty, ioft of Corn." Streets in u,

" Importation d P° brought in, upon the said phonal Sum of Money, not exceeding Two

Ordered, That a d. Hoghton and Sir Gar Jen, raye ....

r-1-4:^ Ana tnai j u-:---- — i

jacent, is committed \ mat m^y t v«w* iv %« — — Clause, or Clauses, for enabling the Householders in the Streets in the Parish of Saint Covent

~ ~ _ rp__

I*w> v»,

Resolution: And.

Charles Whitworth do prepare,

tame

and bring in, the

Importation

of

Coro, See.

Sir

Hmn gorkm presented to the House, according Dili for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour,

Pol man'* . Mate,

to Order, a Bill for auowms ^-» ~ — *

imported into the Port of Preston, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like KeftruEfions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at th several Ports mentioned in an Act* made in the rhir teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Ex-kportahon of CornAnd the same was received i and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled filiates of Robert , Efcjuire,

and Robert Dolman, the Younger, in and

elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold j and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Savile, Mr. Townshend,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber,

A Petition of Robert Dolman Doctor of Phyflc, was presented to the House, and read-, taking Notice of

the said Bill , and setting forth. That the Petitioner’s

me laid cm; w kum* ‘ 3 V'c="Vi*c.r with

State of Health is so precarious, that it is expedient, 'uc" Licenses.

M *i ,_i _ l *.1 f-’.J D.U A- — — ' J 1 "

Alic any it* v* / j 7 — -------- o

Shillings the Pound’ upon each of the said optional Str S for discharging the Monies borrowed upon the

Credit of Hates laid thereon.

Mr. Butt*'from the Commissioners for executing the

Office* of X-otd High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the Hovife, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty* Copies Licenses granted by the Lords Com*

missioners of the Admiralty for exporting Provisions or other Goods to America, in Consequence of." An Act " to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies

of New Hampjkire, Majj'achufets Bay, Rhode " Island. Connecticut, New Y, New Penfylva- '

rtia, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Mary*

land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, find " Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebel*

" lion within the said Colonies respectively for repeal*

ing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reigtx of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Bayi and also Two Acts, made in the

tt ia j /^on of Parliament, for restraining the Trade itana_ V°mmerce of the Colonies in the said Act rer lVc*y mentioned j and to enable any Person or t( er °ns (appointed and authorized by His Majesty «< c r^ran^ Pardons) to issue Proclamations in the and for the Purposes therein mentioned," r^L^e.r whh the Alterations which have been made ia

American

Colonies,

OLtilC Ui 1 1CUUU *0 w -

for the Sake of his Family, that the said Bill should be patted with as much Expedition as may be; ArwcY tibere-fore praying the House to take the Premises into C^-onli-deration, and give such Relief therein, as they shall think fit.

And the House being informed, that a E^erCbn attended at the Door, who could give Information to the House, touching the ill State of Heatlh of the said Mr. Dolman j he was called in *, and, at the Bar, excstnYmed in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That on account of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, and of the Information now given to the House, it be an lnftm£t\on to the said Committee, that they do fit, and proceed -upon the said Bill, upon Thursday Morning next. ‘

Or^L^lf -rL^e kid Paper was read, be nemf j u , t^le ^a*d Paper do lie upon the Table, to pemfed by the Members of the House.

p aid *s preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

*' Alderman Oliver presented to the House, accord- Eapoi&H .?! ?;der-.a. B|IV for allowing the Exportation of Provfeoah

Westminster

bueets.

Mr

ing to Order, a Bill for allowing the Exportation certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the liland of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements be longing to the United Company of Merchants of Bng* land trading to the East , and of Biscuit and

Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay and

Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s

Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Expor-Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, tation of Wheat and other Articles: And the feme was

to whom the Petition of the several Householders, in received*, and read the First Time.

the optional Streets within the Parish of Saint Paul, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Covent Garden, was referred i That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Open ‘R.ftbury directed him, to report the fame, as it appeared to them, and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, inclosure. o t e House; and he read the Report in his Place; and in the Manor of , otherwise Ifbury, in the County

a terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s *Table: Where of Berks, was read the Third Time, thelame was read > and is as followeth n r — —

urz.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass . And that the Title , An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs and Commonable Grounds,

1 yx* I UaMi I?-at 411

-----, 10 as IUIIOWCUI j ---- r---- " uiaw IbC X.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James be. An Act for dividing and allotting certain^Open and Crofts, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Pe- Hornmnn A °

tltinnprc Vio... W. — -J r

_____cvitaiu vy^KU *UU

..... ma, mat the Pe- Common Fields, Do»n", attd Commouable Grounds, 'in

titioners have borrowed several Sums of Ivloney on the the Tythings or Liberties of Eastbwjt otherwt e Jbui jr.

Credit of the Rates atteffed on the optional Stieets in the and Blag rove, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, u\ the said Parish -, and that the Petitioners ore desirous of dif- County of Berks.

charging the several Sums fi> borrowed which the Wit- Ordered, That Mr. do carry the

fiefs apprehends may be done, if Power was given to fey Lords, and desire their Concurrence, a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound on the , _

Housesin the said optional Streets. TheJ-souse was moved, That the Resolutions, which,

Mr. John Lane, being examined, confirmed the above upon fVednesday last, were reported from the Commi t tee.

Evidence. to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, and others. Occupiers of Lands in the West Riding of

to whom the Bill for remedying feme Defeats in the the County of York, in Behalf of themselves and Vot.35* & . others.

the

Bill to the

Turnpike Roads; Breadth of Wheels.

764 7* Ma A. 1776-

others, was referred, and which upon Iaft were

agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read -accordingly; aftd are as followeth;

Refohed, That so much of an Act, passed in the " Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to " explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General £aws now in being, for regulating " the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes, as directs, " that, from and after the 29th Day of September 1776, a Double Toll shall be paid for the' Passage thrbugh - " Turnpike Gates, of all Carriages having the Fellies

" of the Wheels thereof of left Breadth or Gage than " 6 Inches from Side to Side, ought to be repealed; " and that, on account thereof, Provision should be 4* made to require the Trustees to Turnpike Roads " to release Lessees of Tolls from their Contracts at *the End of the current Year, if the Lessees desire it.

Resolved, That the Clause in the said Act, which " directs, that from and after the 2$th Day of September 1776, the Tire of all Wheels of Carriages to be used " on Turnpike Roads shall be counter-funk, in placing the feme upon the Fellies, in such Manner that the " Nails shall not rife above the Surface, and that the " Sole or Surface of the Wheels shall be quite flat, under a Penalty of 40 s.to be paid by the Owner, and 20 s.by the Driver not being the Owner, ought to be repealed."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Sir George Savile, Mr. Gafeoyne, and Mr. Feilde, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Biltoa Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to lodofure. whom the Bill for dividing, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds within the Township of Hilton, in the County of the City of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the! Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Exchequer Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Bill* Bill, strom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to (he House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dutiw od Sir Charles Whitworth, acceding to Order, reported Bugles and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Feather Beds. tjje gjj for Rowing further Time for the Exportation 1*

of, or Payment of the Duties u{x>fl, Bugles When warfe-housed, upon shiportation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five Yeats (except Bonds for Duties and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty), to be destroyed; and for repealing, the Duties upon Ftather-Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the feme with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Buuntv from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Flax Seed. Bill for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The Avfirian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a Time to be limited, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Coin Laws*, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Prosecuting Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea- Offenders, fury to order and allow, out of the Money aiifing by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein to be mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum Yearly allowed for that Service, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Supply from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty several Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions, by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; an<F thfn a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

-11- -

16 Geo. III.

7° Maii-

7*5.

Arglefey Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 5th Day of April j 776; and also such Bohea Teas as Copper Miner. to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, shall be imported on or before a certain Time, and upon the Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such upon Coals used in smelting Copper Ores, within the Teas and Coffee, be now read.

Whale

Fishery.

life of Anglefty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itfelr into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundlandbe now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles If hit worth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inftrixftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to grant further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Skrewsbury in the Year 1773.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hart directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

_ Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it wTd to con^^er further of the Supply granted to H \s. Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee " d " lre<^e<i him to report to the House; which he Bis Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk: s Table: Where the same were read; and are as

follow^thi viz.

ef°lved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Supply.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to His Majesty, on Account, to enable His Majesty to to report, when the House will please to receive the defray any extraordinary Expences incurred, or to be

Bankrupts,

kc.

lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for t:Y\e House tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act. made ir\ t:Yie Fifth

Incurred, on account of Military Services, for the Tomorrow Year 1776, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require; and to enable His Majesty to make good the Charges which shall be incurred in calling in and recoining the Remainder of the deficient Gold Coin. _ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum. nSivteen thousand FoUT

the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy* jesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Importation pursuant to Treaty with the reigning Prince of Walof light Silver Coin of this Realm, from Foreign deck, from the a ad Day of April 1776 to the 24th 41 Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland, and to reftram Day of December following, both inclusive, being Two the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," be now hundred and Forty-seven Days.

1 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thou land Nine hundred Seventy-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Artillery of the landgrave of Hesse Caffdl, in the Pay of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Severs hundred and Seventy-six, pursuant to Treaty.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there* upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the "First of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Charles -

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from tVie Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will pieaie to receive the

liime.

Drawback on Mullins, See.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow worth* the Lard North, Mr. Charles Yown/hcnd% the Morning. Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Qrrrrwall* Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Grey , and Mr.

Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Mullins and CalJicoes, imported by the East India Company in the

Years 1773 and 1774; and for allowing further Time £>r 365 Days.

to the hid Company, to expose to Sale such Bohea And the Title of the said Efbmate was *ad

and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the

The Lord North presented to the House, by His Majesty’* Command,

Eftiraate of the Charge of the Artillery of Mtnfith

Estimite j

Artillery

of

Haiue.

The laid Eftii*at*i»aa feUsweth; vac.

Vox,. 35.

9 I

American

Colonies.

7* Mali. A. 1776.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Artillery of Hanau for 365 Days.

s. d.

1 Captain - - - - at IO - -

1 First Lieutenant - - at 5 - -

2 Second Lieutenants at 4 - each -

1 Serjeant Major - - at 2 -

10 Bombardiers - - - at 1 8 each -

1 Surgeon - - - - at 3 6 -

3 Drummers - - - at 1 - each -

90 Gunners - - - at 1 4 each -

1 Waggon Master - - at 8 - -

1 Conductor - - - - at 2 6 -

12 Drivers ----- at 1 - each -

Workmen.

J. d.

1 Master Farrier - - - - 3 6 - to

1 Mate to D* - -

1 Master Wheeler - - - - 3 6 -

1 Mate to Ditto - - - - 3 - -

i Collar Maker - - - 3 *

7th May 1776. Jeff. Amherst.

Pay per Diem. Pay for j6j Days.

1. r. — 10 —

— 5

- — 8 —

- — 2 —

- — 16 8

- — 3 d

- — 3 —

6

- — 8 —

- — 26

— 12 —

— 3 6

— 3 —

- — 3 6

- — - 3 —

- — 3 —

L 1068 c 3>771 *3 4

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wooldridge do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, appointed to inquire into the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licenses to such Ships and Vesselr as shall be actually retained or employed in His Majesty’s Service; or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops given them by an Act, intituled, "An Act to " prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies " of New Hatnpshire, MajfachufeRhode

" Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Penfylvama,

" the Three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland,

" Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, " during the Continuance of the present Rebellion " within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing " an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing " and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, " Wares, and Merchandize, at tbs Town, and within' " the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of

chufet's Bay; and also Two Acts made in the last " Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade " and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts " rdpyftively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty,

" or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized " by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and fertfce Purposes therein " mentioned." r

21 . .

Ordered, That Mr. Nathaniel Coffin do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to infol.ent whom the Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors was com- Debtors, mitted; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Prisoners out upon Bail shall surrender within a limited Time.

And the said Clause was read the First Time, with Blanks.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Pozvys reported from the Committee, to whom crick the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Iadofu^. mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Crick, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Indolure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to <Uue4 and that the

Parties _

'T

Hindoo

lUe&ion.

Screveton

incloiiirc.

Answer to

Addresses,

American

Colonies.

16 Geo. 111.

8* Zk/

767

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except, the Proprietors of 15 Yard Lands and One Quarter of a Yard Land, and One Cottage Common, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of upwards of 8 1 Yard Lands, and there are Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made, several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Comxmttee of the whole House, appointed to inquire into the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licenses to such Ships and Vessels as shall be actually retained or employed in His Majesty’s Service; or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops given them by an Act:, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade " and Intercourse with the Colonies of New shire, Massachusets Bay, Rhode ComeRicut,

" New York, New Jersey, the Three lower

" Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North " Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, during the " Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act " made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachusets " Bay; and also Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Com-

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting . — :----0

at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and " rncrc^ Colonies in the said Acts respectively

for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election " mentioned^ and to enable His Majesty, or any of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present;

The House was told, by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamotions, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned."

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sefixon.

The House was adjourned by Mr. without

a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Matt;

Anno i6‘ Georgii III'" Regis, 1776. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to Confirm and establish the Dl-vision and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of Not ting- ham, and also several Exchanges of Laruls within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm and establish the "Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in Che Parish of Screveton, in the County of , and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Farith.

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for the Duties Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bu- on gles when warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom; to empower the Commissioners of the Cuf- F b«rVta. toms to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of f ive Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be An Act for allowing (urther Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles when -warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom to empower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which, no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five "Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hinchingbrock reported to the House, that their Addresses of Monday lad (that His Majesty would be graeiously pleased to give Directions that the several Papers therein mentioned "might he laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. John Pewnall presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrtfe to His Majesty,

Copy of a letter from Lord George Germaine, to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated 7 th February

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Vox.. 35.

An ingrossed BVft a certain Sum of Money, Exche_uw

by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Bills bul Year 1776, wa.s read the Third Time.

Resolved, TL'Eat the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be. An Act £-or railing a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Eoc chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year 1776.

Ordered, "XTiat Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, herein to be mentioned, for the Expence of prosecut-ng Offenders ttm Laws relating to the Coin,

vet

GqOqIc

Offices

and

Employments.

Bounty

on

Flax Seed.

Sterne's

Will.

768 8 "Mail.-

over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service, Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed was read the Third Time. to the lame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Ma- A Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quan- Exporting jesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money tities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Provisions,

anting by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein Sugar Colonies in and to the Island of Saint &c*

mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the against the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Sum yearly allowed for that Service. The East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfound-

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth to carry the Bill land. Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising

or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as Council already made, for allowing the Exportation

have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and of Wheat, and other Articles, was read a Second

Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Time.

or others, who have omitted to regiller or deliver in RefoThat the Bill be committed, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and of the whole House.

to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corpo- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon been omi tted to be stamped according to Law, or, the said Bill, having been stamped, have been loll or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account

stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as Account of all Wheat, Wheat Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, oedered;

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Exe- or Malt, which has been exported by the East India Wheat, *c. cution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, Company to (race the til Day of January

was read the Third Time. 1774, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the different Species, and specifying what Part thereof was . be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted so exported for the Use and Suftenance of the Inhabitants to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; of St. Helena. and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who

have omitted to regiller or deliver in their Qualifica- A Bill for allowing Com, Grain, and Flour, im- importation

tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving ported into the Port of Prejlott, to be landed without of Corn, &c.

further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted feverafPorts mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth

to be damped according to Law, or, having been Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An

stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing " Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of

them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to " Corn," was read a Second Time.

give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors. of the whole House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a Time to Leeds: be limited, was read the Third Time. Mr. Speaker,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Weymouth be, An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Street*, the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The Auf- the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, trian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited in the County of Dorset, and for removing all Incroach-

Time. ments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein without

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill any Amendment: And also, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act coney VMtoa

for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, of the Common Indofiire. Mr. Huffey reported from the Committee, to whom Fields, Half Year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breathes, the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coney enabling the Trustees named in the WiU of William Weston, in the County of ;without any Amend-

Sterne, deceased, to sell and convey a Leasehold Estate, ment: And also,

vested in them by the said Will, upon certain Trulls The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cawood therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinson, Esquire, for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, and

pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Money arising Woods, and Average Grounds, Ings, Marshes, Carrs,

by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, with- n urt Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, was com- in the several Manors and Parishes of and

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- Wiftow, in the County of York, without any Amend-

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ment: And also,

and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intityled. An Act Killingholme. to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands Iadofure.

that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill and Grounds, within the Lordships and Parish of South

to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered and North Killing holme, in the county of ;

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. without any Amendment: And also,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Haywood’s

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. for veiling the settled Estates of Peter John Hey- ERates.

Ordered, That Mr. Huffey do carry the Bill to the wood, Esquire, in th& tyle-of Mans called Tie Nunnery,

- in

i 6 Geo. III. 8°

in Trustees, to be Told } and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great called

England, to be settled in lieu of the said Estates in the Isle of Man intended to be sold; to which the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House: -And

also,

Gordon’s The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An -Act fctlate. for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Gorfemickae, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the Stewartry of , to and

in favour of I fab el Gordon, of , Widow of

William Gordon, of Greenla, Esquire, for her Life,

and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon, of -

nan, Esquire, her eldest Son, and the same Series of Heirs ia Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hun-, dred and Forty-two, by John Maccullock, of

and Jean Gordon, his Wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander Gordon, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of IVigtogether with the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Sterling; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, tori The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An -A <ffc Momford’* for veiling the real Estates comprised in the Marriage Manage Settlement of Thomas Lord Mont fort, situate in tlio ei0tnt' Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, Underwoods, Timber, and other Trees, growing and being thereon, in Trustees, and their Heirs in Lruft, to be sold and disposed of in Manner therein mentioned; and for applying the Monies to arise by Sale thereof in the Manner therein also mentioned 5 -to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hovxfc j And also,

Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An -A-<ft St. Albans for re-vesting Part of the real and personal E.states‘ Estates. of the Moll noble George Duke of , in

him; and for otlyr Purposes therein mentioned 5 to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for re-vesting Part of the real and personal E-stat es of the Most noble George Duke of Saint Albans, in Him; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Heywood’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Mates, for veiling the settled Estates of Peter John ITeyzVood, Esquire, in the Isle of Man, called The Nunnery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out tVie "Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled in lieu of the said E.dates in the Iff of Man, intended to be sold, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Biifbe read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

American N® I. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Rob inf on to Mr. Colonies. Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 15th

March 1776: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated 15th March 1776: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a I-etter from Mr.' Robinson to Mr. Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 23d March 1776: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr* Robinson to Mr. Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 23d March 1776: And also,

Vol. 35.

Ma/i. 769

N'* 5 Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson to Mr.

Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 23d Marc/i 1776; And also,

6. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson to Mr*

Jackson, Deputy Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 26th Marc/i 1776: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Sir Grey Cooper to Mr.

Merry, dated 26th January 1776: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from Sir Grey Cooper to Mr.

Jllerry, dated 24th February 1776: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from Sir Grey Cooper to Mr.

Merry, dated 28th February 1776: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson to Lord Barrington, dated 24th March 1776: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from Lord Barrington to Mr.

Robinson, dated 28th March 1776: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Pownall to Mr.

Robinson, dated 3d April 1776, with Two inclosures Ancl also,

N° *3* Copy erf a Letter from Mr. Robinson, to Mr.

Jackson, dated4th April: And also,

14. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson, to Mr.

PozttttxsU, dated 4th April,

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

An" the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Corr*tuUee of the whole House, appointed to inquire into the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licenses to such Ship5 ar)d Vessels as shall be actually retained or employ ed in His Maj city’s Service; or to such Ships and Veil els as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops given them by an Act, intituled, "^n Act to prohibit all Trade " and Intercourse with the Colonies of New JZaire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut,

" 2Slew Fork, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower

" C^ounties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North " Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said " Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made lt in the Fourteenth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour"

" of Boston, in the Province of Mafachufets Bay; and " also two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament,

for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to " enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed tc and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and uto issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned."

1 'he laid Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for vesting the real Estates computed in the Marriage Montford’t Settlement of Thomas Lord Montfort, fitu&te in the M»m»ge Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, e anent* Underwoods, Timber, and other Trees, growing and being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Tiuft, to be sold and disposed of in Manner therein mentioned, and for applying the Monies to arile by Sale thereof in the Manner therein also mentioned, was read the First Time.

R efbJved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gordon'*

for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Eftaw*

Barony of Corfemichael, called Greenlaw, and others,

lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in fa* your of IsabelGordon, of Culvennan, Widow, of

Gordon, of Greenlaw, Esquire, for her Life, and to and

9K p

by

Supply Bill*

Ditto.

Whafe

Fishery.

Bankrupts,

&c.

Drawback

on

Muslins, See.

770 . 8° Mali. A. 1776.

in favour of Alexander Gordon, of Esquire,

her eldest Son, and- the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deal of Entail, nude in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, by John MaccuUock, of Barholn:, and Jean Gordon his Wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander Gordon, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of Wigton, together with the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Sterling, was read the First Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Offic^ of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him-to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles-Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by Bankrupts;" and-allo an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light " Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the " Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,'One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Muslins and Callicoes, inportedtby theiLjitf India Company, in the Years 1773

and 1774; and for allowing further Time to the find Company to expose to Sale Such iiohea and Single Ten* and Coffee as remained unfold on the 5th Day of 1776; and also such Bobea 'leas as shall be impoited on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such l eas and Coffee, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ard, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported Anglcfrv from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Cor>per Mme* Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals* used infmelting Copper Ores, within tire file of Anglesey, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they hacl directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at: the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the \

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuant to American their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1.Copy of Minute of the Treasury Board, of

15th A larch 177 6: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Minute of the Treasury Board, of 22d March 1776: And alto,

N° 3. Copy of Minute of the Treasury Board, cf 26th March 1776: And also,

N° 4. Copy cf Minute of the Treasury Board, of 29th March 1776: And also,

N° 5. Copy of Minute of the Treasury Board, of 3d April 1776.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, appointed to inquire into the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licenses to such Ships and Veflek as shall be actually retained or employed in His MajestyVService; or to such Ships and Y'eile’s as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use oi His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops given them by an Act, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and " Intercourse with the Colonies of Nets Hampjhin,

" Massachusets Bay, Rhode I;!ai:d, Connecticut, New

" York,. New Jersey, Penjylvania, the Three Lower " Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North _

" Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, during the C011tinuance of the present Rebellion within the said,

" Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made " in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontir.ue the landing and difenatging,

" lading or shipping, of Good, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of Roston,

" in the Province of Massachusets Bay; and also Two " Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for redraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable.

"* His* Majesty, or arty Penon or Persons appointed and " authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons,' and

16 Geo. III. 8° Mail.

American

Colonies.

Hindon

Elc&ion.

" to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes and for the Purposes therein mentioned."

The said Papers are preferred amongst the oilier Papers of this Session.

Sir Grey Cooper presented to the House, pursuan t to

their Address to His Majesty,

N° i. Copy of Contrail with Sir "James dated 2d May1776, for furnishing 100,000 Gallons Rum for the Army in America: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Contrail with James Bogle Esquire, dated 2d May 1776, for furnishing 100,000 Gallons of Rum for the Army in America.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, appointed to inquire into the Ule which the Commissioners of the Adnvimlty have made of the Power to grant Licenses to l'uch Ships and Vessels as shall be ailually retained or employed in His Majesty’s Service; or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use of His IVla — jesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the lTIe of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or pol — sessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops, given them by an Act, intituled, "An Act to prohibit all Trade and " Intercourse with the Colonies of Nezv Hamfy^rire,

" Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Islan " fork, Nezv Jet fey, Pcnfylvania, the Three Lower " Counties on Delaware, Maryland,

" Carolina, South Carolina, or Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said " Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in " tho Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and difeharsging,

" lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within the Harbour of 7,

" in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, and also Two " Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, for re(training the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies " in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to " enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant " Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Chafes, " and for the Purposes therein mentioned."

The said Papers are preserved amongst tVie other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at EAedftions of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hiucibn, in the County of Wilts.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown,' to make out new Writ for the eleding of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, the last Election for Bnrgefl.es to serve in this present Parliament ror the said Borough being declared void;

The Hopfe divided.

The Noes went forth.

1, l!erS for the Yeas,(Mr.' } I2*’

Tellers for the Noes.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

to consider further of the Bill to disfranchise and incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for preventing Bribery and Corruption hi the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Shqfton, otherwise Shaftefbin, the County of

Dorset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, So R was resolved in

V Mr. St. John,

I Mr. Herbert:

I Sir William Maync, I Mr. Turner. the Affirmative.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according Turnpike

to Order, a Bill, to repeal lb much of an Act, made in Roads; the 3"\Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Breadthof " An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ad WhftU‘

« of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for " regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great " Id it atn called England, and for other Purposes," as js to liJ bjeA Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of leis Breadth or Gage than 6 Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls, and for vacating Centrals for 1 eating Tolls: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

H. efclved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply.' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Ulterior Convention between His Majesty and the Hereditary Prince of HeJJe Cajjell, concluded at Hatton, the 25th of April 1776, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Artillery of Hanau, for 3^5 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, MdMwni. to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now. read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

The House resolved itself info the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir2 Charles Whitworth tcf6k the Chair of the

Shaftesbury The House was moved, That the Order, made upon mittee.

Eledion. Monday loft, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

mittee of the whole House, aipon that Day Scvennight, ’ Sir Charles reported from the Committee,

Vdt. 35. 'Ihit

by'

American

Colonies.

772 8° — 9

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, That the other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to enquire into the Use which the Commissioners of the Admiralty have made of the Power to grant Licenses to such Ships and Vessels as shall be actually retained or employed in His Majesty’s Service; or to such Ships and Vessels as shall be laden with Provisions for the Use of His Majesty’s Fleets, Armies, or Garrisons, or for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Town or Place garrisoned or possessed by any of His Majesty’s Troops given them by an Act, intituled,

" An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with " the Colonies of New Ham, " Rhode Island \ ConnetlicutNew York, New Jersey,

" Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware,

" Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,

" or Georgia, during the Continuance of the present " Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for " repealing an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the " landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town, and within " the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of A " ckufets Bay; and also Two Acts, made in the last " Session of Parliament, for redrawing the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable His Majesty, or any Person or Persons appointed and authorized by His Majesty, to grant Pardons, and to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes, and for the Purposes, therein " mentioned," might be read;

And Notice being taken, that no Return had yet been made, by the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Orders of the House of Monday last, to lay the Papers therein mentioned before the House j

Mr. Stanley, Secretary to the Commissioners of the

Customs, attending at the Door, was called in, and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto.

And then he withdrew.

And the other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into the said Committee, being read;

Ordered, That Copies of all Licenses granted by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for exporting Provisions or other Goods to America, in consequence of " An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with " the Colonies of New Hampjhtre, Massachusets,

" Rhode Island, ComeHicut, New York, New Jersey,

" Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware,

" Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,

" and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for " repealing an Act, made in the 14th Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue the " landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods,

Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town, and within " the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of chufet tBay, and also Two Acts, made in the last " Session of Parliament, for restraining tlte Trade and " Commerce of the Colonies in the said Act respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons (appointed and authorized by His Majesty to " grant Pardons) to issue Proclamations, in the Cafes,

" and for the Purposes, therein mentioned," together with the Alterations which have been made in such Licenses, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

0 Mali. A-1776-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House, having continued to fit till after k'qur of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

yovis, 9° dieMaii;

Anno 16* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Anglesey Duties upon Coals, used in smelting Copper Coi‘P« mum*. Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the Bankrupts, Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George &c* the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankruptsand also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from " Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and " to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by Bankrupts;" and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light " Silver Coin of this Realm from toreign Countries " into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the " Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum."

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting further Time for al- Drawback lowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Mullins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company, in ate?* the Years 1773 and 1774; and for allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Safe such Bohea and Singh) Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the 5th Day of April 1776; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Mullins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, and One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; f>r allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Safe such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the Fifth Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee; and for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three.

Ordered,.

iS Geo-

i That Sir charlt! mitmrth dh Bil^to The' Lords and dcflr. their Concurrence.

9° Mart.

7 7$

carry the

of

.Whale tilbcry.

n-r Rill for the further Encouragement of

r/VhTSe^ from and the Whale F‘me Dominions in; and for

andth5f J betaken by the Officers of the Customs5 in the Wand of Newfwas read the

Town of

Passages within the said lown, whuuui y

to the Bill, intituled, An

Supply

Bill.

ment: And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Ifton

, T^e *r0r jS h It.Unclosing the Open or Common Inclosure.. Act fordtvtd.ng and‘f Common Meadows, Common

3 Otlfer Commonable Unds, within the Pari Hi of Iflon, in the County of Mmmmth-, without any

Amendment: And also, . , »_ *xy

Third Time. , . And that the Title The I^rds have agreed to the Bill, mhtuled. An A

Resolved That the: M do >£* *^ w for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields,

be, An Act for the h r^ Sin Jnland and Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Moore, Com-

Fishery carried on from Great is , f i t- fi mons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Mulgrave

lh'"ftit£oEc7 hKin the wXn t Purifl. of L,'k in the North Riding of Fees to be taken by the umcers (bounty of York; without any Amendment: And

;!'! Whitworth do cany the Bill also, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

r a._ rih Majesty C'nnTro. on Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty Conam Commo . , \ Gmunds. of and

Mulgrave

and

Seaton

Inclosures

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and

Yardley

Hastings

Iiiclofufe.

several Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein, mentioned, and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers;' and for raising the Sum of Two Millions, by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Ti tle be, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Millions, by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities.

Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Yardley Hajlings, in the county of ; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Amotherby ^Act for dividing and inclosing the Cortimon Arable Inclosure. Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Elinor and Township of Amotherby, in the Parish of ^Applet in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotch Act to declare His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects natural-bor*

HighgttC

and

Hampstead

koadt.

inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And Mr. Renton reported from the Committee, to whom, also, the Bill to continue and render more effectual feve.ca.1 Aw<ffts The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to to dlffolve the Marriage of the Reverend John Jenkins, Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in Cleric, with Mary Jenkins, his now Wife, and to enable the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middle_fdx j birn to marry again; and for other Purposes therein and also to continue and render more effectual an mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

to enable the respective Trustees of the Turn-pike of this Honfo- And olfo

Roads lading to Higigmc C .«W, and HampJicaJ, The Lords 'have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

£'ftP.T/! " ke a new Xcfti"S certain Estates in the Counties of Wilu and

Sitbje&i Nat.

TepkinsV

Divorce.

Road, from the great Northern Road at lflingtony to T , 7 , % fw d,

the £drfra R^dnear P^o, Co far'as tie frame

IS by the f Managemei

Acts; and for making a Road, from the said

Smith's

£(Utes.

Scaled, in Trustees, lo be fold, for the Payment of his

Management of the Trustees of the 6aid fitft-me rationed 77, X *, "j'f th'rcm m"uoned; to

Act tnd fmr rnnimr. „ x>^a r.„_ at- r. T w mch the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

z ~ d>---- mi cuu Xexilic ^"Oaled in I

is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Debts’ A

Manncrement r>f tV.r» Tm(W« of «-V.» C»\A G.O _,________ j , S» an<3

have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act 'cfting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and

-..... new And also

Road near Queen's Row to Ragnigge JVash, and for The I A

watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads, was for veftinrJ 1

commuted; That the Committee liad examined Hereditim^nfs^ ;n C i r* *" r r

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to S Si! /v ,fT ? t Mn1"’

by trues and that the Committee had gone through hold^inH '? th= ^rc, eho<?y CoPy-

*v Bill and made several Amendment thereunto, rtk, of Jck, Alhrl B,n

ich they had directed him to renort to tire House: mortlfl? ’ de^cased» Trustees, m Trust, to lcll.

Bentinck’s

Estates,

the

which and

he read the* Report in his Place ^ar;,s with the Amendments, in

Qn e ,er^s Table: Where; the Amendments were by On!a 1 _r°ugUout; and then a Second Time, One

J e ant ’ uP°n Question severally put there-upon, were agreed to by the House.

report to tire House; mortgage or exchanJ p eeS’p /T’ , 1CUJ

s PWe: and after- for nTsJ1- °F any Part or Parts thereof, and

and after applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging the rnak.ing Buildings and Improvements

lflanchester

Streets.

Lan!fC ^aid Tftates, and in completing Purchases of for ntl3^10^ {ol by the said John Albert and

„ vllv_ uuu r , Purposes, and for laying out the Uefidue of

in0nw, Tha, ,v said Bill, with the Amend,* HeredU^js, lo^Xried TtZSZZZS,

Xi lhi itTr u'M*'M*n

mgrossed. nCXt> lf the said BlU then And then the Messengers withdrew.

£^w^efla&e &0m the bY Mr. Anguish and Mr. to d^oU^th^Mall -from the LordSj intituled, An Act Mr. Speaker, Clerk, with Maty of, thC *nki'

The Lords have rtwv J. , birn to marry arain hlS nOW Wlfe* and so enable

for widening and the Bill’ int»tuled, An Act honed, was read^h^ t^1x^-°ther PurP0fes therein men-Vol. 3^5 mProving several Streets in the , That the

Jenk

the Bill be read a Second Time.

9 L An

Bentinck’s E stales.

Smith’s E Hates.

Wtedon Beck Inclosure.

Chester

Port.

« furnpike Laws.

774 .

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords," intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk; the Freehold, Copy-hold," and Leasehold Estates, late of John Albert Ben-finch, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to tell, mortgage, or exchange, any Part or Parts thereof, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements on the said Estates, and in completing Purchases of Lands agreed for by the said John Albert Bent inch, and for other Purposes; and for laying out the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of other Manors, lnnds, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, as are now subsisting concerning the lame; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting (pertain Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Wee don Beck, within the Parish and Liberties of Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck, within-the Parish and Liberties of WeedonBeck, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Knightley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

o* Mali.

A. 1775.

c< in being,' for regulating the Turnpike Roads iii " that Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes,’’ was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. t

The House being informed, that Mr. 'fomhyns Exporting (from the Commissioners of the Customs) attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented *c' to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of ail Wheat, Wheat Meal, Flour,

Rye, Barley, or Malt, which has been exported by the East India Company, for the Use and Sustenance of the Inhabitants of St. Helena, from the ill Day of January 1774, to the 9th Day of May 1776 inclusive; distinguishing the different Species.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helenay and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles, is committed.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Wrlbraham Bootle reported from the Commit- A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Sopp'r. tee, to whom the Bill, for erecting Light-houses and of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying Bill-Land-marks in or near the Port of Chester, and for certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- 1 and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and fix, was read a Second Time. I

Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the Resolved, That the Bill be committed. -

City of Chester, and for fixing the Rates payable for Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the same respectively, was committed; and to whom of the whole House.

the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- I

of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

was referred; That no Person appeared in Behalf of the upon the said Bill.

said Petition; and that the Committee had examined The House was moved, that the First of the Re-

the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be solutions, which, upon the 30th Day of April last, were 1

true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply

had directed him to report to the House; and he read granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the j

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the House, might be read. j

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read

"Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the " Resolved, That the Allowance of the One other [ Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amend- Seaman, which, by an Act made in the Twenty-fourth ments to several of them, agreed to by the House. " Y car of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " the Second, was allowed Upon the Books of every ingrossed. " Ship of War in Sea Pay, in every Hundred Men

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time xc that her Complement shall consist of, for such Time

upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be " only as the Number of Men employed in the-Ser- j

then ingrossed. , " vice of the Royal Navy shall not exceed Twenty

" thousand, be extended for such Time only, as the _ Mr. Gascoyne reported *from the Committee, to whom Number of Men employed in such Service shall

the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the " not exceed Thirty thousand, over and above the j

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, One Seaman allowed by an Act of the Sixth Year

intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and that '

" into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now the Produce of the Wages of such Seamen, and.

14 the |

9° Mali.

and applied.

16 Geo. Ill*

,r. nctheir Viduals, be given a»u " the Value of th Widows of Commission

" towards , officers of the Royal Navy, according

"Jr Holes Odas, and Regulations as His - such Rules, or appoint for that

The laid Resolution being — ^agreed

upon. House.

the Question put

775

read a Second Time, was, J to by the

OrJmd, That it be an Instrufbor, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking j c----- u,;no. certain Monies therein mentioned

- ~ -1-~A

" to such ivuito, -

« IVhyefty hath or shall establish or appumc _____

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee ^sJM^'efty a certain Sum or VMwM. v^.

of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is comit- f l o f?r aPPtying certain Monies therein mentioned

Clause, or Clause«T , o Service of the Year .°ne thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, is committed, That they have Power

to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said ivesolution.

e^ourl^ Confdcration' *"»"*

‘ha Bill for fefc lXlv«t

„ hat u ia ——

of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is corrected, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the fakl Resolution.

11. A Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the BjlJ be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HoulS’ upon the said Bill. *

Sir Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ir was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directedjum to report to the House; which he

---- j i* i.

Insolvent

Debtors.

to whom committed, be now read.

nail uireuxu mm <« / ." .

read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the;

Clerk’s Table: where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz, / , . ,.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand lhree hundred Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and hight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the

Charge of the Artillery of Hona in the Pay of

Grat Britain, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hejj'e Caffell, from the First Day of A^ajy 1776, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, froth Days inclusive, being Two hundred and Thirty-eight Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred Forty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, fot defraying the Charge of Levy Money, for the Artillery of the Landgrave of Heje Caffell, in the Pay of Great Hritezin, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, pursuant to Treaty.

rfhe said Resolutions being severally read a Second

UTVP wptp >mr\n " %

the

Cotnmlttee

Debtors was cornish^-. - —

A nd the said Order being read accordingly;

Tire House resumed the adjourned Consideration of

And the^Clause offered on Tuesday last. That Prisoners °ut upon Bail shall surrender within a limited Time, was read a Second Time, with Blanks; which heinft h^ed UP> said Clause was, upon the Question _)Ut thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made T>art of the Bill.

x^other Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

jo compel the Prisoner to deliver a Schedule to the (jaoler> before the Publication of his first Notice.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Que ftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Dire<sting the Form of the Notice.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,

A nother Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For Relief of Bankrupts who have not obtained their Certificates.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; ''^Tvich being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the 'Q.vxeftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to ho made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Per Relief of Warrant Officers in His Majesty’s Service.

Ways *nd tdcans.

Tin, £* r vrvrfwith 1 Bkl;

agreed to by the House. 3 V reupon, nich being filled up, the Cud Clause was, upon the

v'c.ueftion. pUt thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

°*ade Pan- rif u:n ° 7

Sit Charles Whitworth, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, tchwhom it was referred to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the SuppW granted to *1 — t* r -a

r ——

made Part of the Bill. , . ., t»;,i

Another Clause was offered to-be added o »

To except certain Persons, guilty of Fraud, from the Benefit of the Act.

A — J -» —

---- lumici ui ways ana. Means for railing *aUj °i,

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which q the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the the Committee had. directed him to report to the *£n pUr thercYP°n> agreed to by the House, to be

House *, winch he read m h\s Place^ and afterwards de- a Kill,

livered in at tW n'.\ y

— wee v. ia 1U D 111

uti' Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, t\ve frame was To prevent — ' '

___- U.V.V, AllU ^*'*'-'1 v-llC Bll|»

livered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where prevent Debtors, who have conveyed away their

read , and is as followeth; viz. __ , Effects after imprisonment, from taking the Benefit ot

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tViis Committee, the A.€t.

That the Sum of Two thousand Nine Hundred and

Five Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence, out

of such Monies remaining in the Recei.pt of the Exchequer, as have atifen *

An2 the said Clause was Twice k^HouTe ^to^ QuefWon put thereupon, ageecd to by the »

w sac

made; Tart of the Bill. , t>y\\

-v^u'by the Duties and Reve- A,bother Clause waj offered m e Qm\tted in

vvhuk viV-ldi have been dlredvd to be teCetved fot To in the Clerk of the

the Disposition of Parliament, towards defraying he the S<=hedule. Twice read* and, upon the

necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and fe- lhe said Clause was T Vvo tVte Houk to be

curing the British Colonies and Plantations in America, QuefWon put thereupon, agree y

be applied towards making good such Part of the Sup- made Part of the ' Bill. ., , . ty.e

ply as hath been granted to His Majesty, for mam- Another Clause was offered to be added to t

taining Ills Majesty’s Forces and Garrrfons in the Plan- For Prisoners inhfted to produce a Certificate.

tations, and for Provisions fot the Forces in North And the said Clause was Twice read» with a Blan^*

America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Islands, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Question-put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Seventy-six. made Part of the Bill,

Yov. 35, Another

V

Welby

Inclosure.

Pilchard Fishery; St, Ives.

Illeof Wight Poor.

Abdy’s Eft ate.

Exporting

Provision*,

Sic.

p° Maiu

d. 1776.

Another clause was offered to be added to the Bill, For vetting Estates in the Successors of the Clerks of the Peace.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put- thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Insolvent Debtors of the Crown.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That any Prisoner who fha.il have taken the Benefit of a former Act of Insolvency, and is now a Prisoner for Debt, Interest, Colls, or Demand, shall take the Benefit of this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Messuage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery carried'on within the Bay of Ives, in the County of Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight; and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the lame; and to repeal an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry " in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance,

" and Employment, of the Poor belonging to the several " Parishes and Places within the said Island without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to Sir John Abdy, Baronet, deceased, at , in the County of Wilts, and of Timber Trees growing on his Estates in the County of Ejj'ex, and also of his Medals and Coins, for paying oft* and discharging certain Incumbrances affecting his real Estates in; and for laying out the Residue of the Monies anfing by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as his Estates in Essex now Hand settled by his Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

r 4

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the llland of Saint,

and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and I’ease to Nova

Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrad; and for indemnifying

all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Exe-

cution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Oliver reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House import*^ to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Prefon, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of " Com," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Tellers for the Yeas t ^r‘ tellers for me *eas,<Mr>

iS.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Tr<porfat;<* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^lii t, r upon the Bill to authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are now liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

n, , c., -nt 1 Mr. Thomas )

Idlers for the Noes,]sir pMjp J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the iloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Whitworth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in hits Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

16 Geo. III.

1b° /Mali.

Ill

Ordered, That such A Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Ten of the Clock.

till Tomorrow

Chestre

Port.

Vexerts, I o* die Mali;

Anno i6# Georgii III'" Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of Trimly House of Deptford which was

presented to the House upon the 25th Day of April last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for erecting Light-houses and Landmarks in or near the Port of Cand for placing Buoy's upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively, be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel, against. the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, againfL the said Petition. *

veiling an Eftafe in the County of , which

Was settled by Richard Onslow, Esquire, deceased, on his

Marriage with Poolley Walton, in Trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter wad liit Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof, and for investing 'the Purchase Money it) Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fajrxe, without any Amendment.

Ad ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common lyleadcws, and other Commonable Lands, of and within th^ Parish and Liberties of Crick, in the County of l/tampion, was read the Third Time.

That the BU1 do Pa6: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and C^^®*®on Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Crick, in the county of .

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Crick

Inclosure*

Molesworth1*

Estates.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable certain Persons, during the successive IVIinori-ties of Sir William Molefiverth, Baronet, and his Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates deviled to them, by the Will of Sir William Morice, Baronet, deceased, was read a second Time.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Masterman and Thomas Francis, Esquires, to make a Title to certain Leasehold and Copyhold Estates of Thomas Nuthall, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

Nuthall’s

Estates.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Coru-

Eilton

Indoturc.

Yonge, Mr. Townshend, &cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Town Chip of Bdton, in the County of the City of York, was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tViat tVie Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bilton, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Corbri<tg$

InclosurV

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Stinted Pastures, and Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: A nd that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open

truttee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame; without any Amendment.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Robert Dolman* Esquire, and Robert Dolman the younger, in and elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money axifing by such Sale, in the Purchase at other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same VJfes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the A\\e-gat ions of the Bill, and found the tune to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee , and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and macio an Amendment thereunto; which they had di*

Dolman’*

Eftaws.

Common Fieiis, Stinted Pastures, and Commons, Moors, reeled him to report to the House; and he read the Re

Onslow’s

and

Winter’s

Agreement.

or Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corbridge, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry tliu. Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Salt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Vol. 35.

port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

I*r. 23, J. 1. After " lame," inlert " Provided that the Whole of the Money to arile f< byluch Sale ot Sales shall not be " lei's than the Stun for which the 9 M Jatne

773

i o° M

A. 1776.

Daflnvood’

Marriage

Settlement.

Ludlow;

&c.

Loads.

Warwick

thro*

Southam

Road.

Screveton

Inclosure.

u same Premises were agreed to " be loid to the said John Ivefon, " by or under the said Agreement f " bearing Date the said 20th Day

" of February 1776, and the In-> " dorfement thereupon, which are

" hereinbefore recited."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I louie.

‘ And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do past.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Vere Dashwood, Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ' Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackworth do cariy the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

a #

Mr. Thomas Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through 1 To offer ton, and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from The Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the rl own of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Confirm and establish the Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Screveton, in the County of Nottingham; and also several Exchanges of

Lands,'within the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, and other public Passages, in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Christopher Sykes, Esquire,* to rail's Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers Lands and Grounds in the Parish of SledmerCy in the County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said Christopher Sykes, on the Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes, his Wife, in lieu of her Life. Estate, in part of the same Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common or uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Commonable Land or Ground, within the Manor or Parish of West Horndon, in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill? intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon, Bugles when warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds; without any Amendment: And also, #

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for: Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in theif Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities,. Corporations, and Borough Towns, -whole. Ad millions have been omitted to ^be. stamped, according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons av have omitted to . make and file Affidavits of the" Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have, agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth, of The United Provinces, or of The Austrian Net herlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time;.without, any Amendment; And also, „

The L°rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to :enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by, the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against -the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum Yearly flowed for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Eords have passed a. Bill, intituled, An Act for veflings Part of the settled Estates of Henry Stapil-ton, Esquire, at Wighill, in the County of the City of Torky ir> the said; Henry Stapilton,\n Fee Simple; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments

Portsmouth

Streets.

Sykes’#

Mortgage

on

Sledmere

Inclosuir.

West It onion

Indolorc.

Duties

Oil

Bugles

and

Feather

Offices

and

Employments.

Bounty upon j Flax Seed!

Coin Laf profecud Offendd

Stapflt#

EftaH

16 Geo. III.

i o* A

779

ditaments of the said Henry S/apiltou, lying contiguous f0r allowing Corn Grain and Flour, imported into the to, and interljxrted with, the Remainder of the hud Port of Prejon, to be landed without Payment of the

settled Whites, and also the Tythes thereof, and of such Remainder, to the same Uil-sj to which-the JLrOrds defrre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the Kirffc Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Edaics.

Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," Was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had maeje to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wiih the for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to Sir Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the John A My, Baronet, deceased, at Bishop's Canning, in the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question County of Wilts, and of limber Trees growing on his put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Estates in the County of Essex, and also of His Medals Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

and Coins, for paying off and discharging certain In- ingrossed. cumbrances affecting his Real Estates in Essex; and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as his Estates in Essex now stand settled by his Will, was read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Follon

Indofuxe.

Sir James Penny-man reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the lownship of Fop-ton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to L>e true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, Westminster to whom the Bill for remedying some Defeats in the Street*, several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, was committed; and to whom the Petition of £d,iV‘Jr‘~ Montagu, Esquire, Treasurer of the Society of Gray s mt'ln the County of Middlesex, and several other Per&>'n*’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Benchers of the said Society, on Behalf of themselves and the other MeinbeR of the said Society, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Fame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

(except the Owner of 3^ Oxgangs of Land, whose Estate is in Dispute; and that the Whole Quantity of Land to be inclosed amounts to 39 Oxgangs) and that t He Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Consideration upon Monday Morning next. Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 9upplrBUI. to resolve itself into a*Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Exporting

Provisions,

&c.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by - the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Oliver, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the llland of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they haw Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for belonging to the United Company of Merchants of making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery

17J m M 1/ /tit U /» /? T M f . "R 1 if* 11 t t *1’ i ! _ A. i.! d_A_"O . A____! L.. _ J ..... _

England trading to The East Indies, and of Bifeuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova , Bay Cha-

leur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution 1 Iis Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, arid which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Tickets, Certificates; Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burrit, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee;

That tl->ey had gone through the- Bill, and made several

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hirrf

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question l'eretally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation

of

Corn, See.

Sir Henry Hoghton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill VOL. 35.

to report, when the House will please ‘to rtCeive the fame. ‘

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. -

J

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to 'riifc

the

Ditto.

Adjournment.

American

Colonies*

780 ID®

the Sum of One Million, for the Uies and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next*

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That His Majesty’s Colonies in America be continued upon the same Footing of giving and granting their Money, as His Majesty’s Subjects in Ireland are, by their own Representatives.

The House was moved, That the Copy of a circular Letter from the Earl of Hillsborough to the Governors in America, dated Whitehall, 13th May 1769 (which was presented to the House, upon the 7th Day of May 1770) might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Refblution, which, upon the 27 th Day of February in the last Session of Parliament, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, relative to the State of the Colonies in America, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, when the Governor, Council, and " Assembly, or General Court, of any of His Majesty’s " Provinces or Colonies in America, shall propose to " make Provision, according to the Condition, Circumstances, and Situation, of such Province or Colony, for " contributing their Proportion to the common Defence <c (such Proportion to be raised under the Authority of of the General Court or General Assembly of such Province or Colony, and disposable by Parliament) and " shall engage to make Provision also for the Support " of the Civil Government and the Administration of " Justice in such Province or Colony, it will be proper, M if such Proposal shall be approved by His Majesty, <e and the Two Houses of Parliament, and for so long *c as such Provision shall be made accordingly, to for-Xi bear, in respect of such Province or Colony, to levy

any Duty, Tax, or Assessment, or to impose any far-V tlier Duty, Tax, or Assessment, except only, such w Duties as it may be expedient to continue to levy,

or to impose, for the Regulation of Commerce; the %( Nett Produce of the Duties last mentioned to be car-<c ried to the Account of such Province or Colony " respectively."

Then the Question being put, That His Majesty’s Colonies in America be continued upon the same Footing of giving and granting their Money, as His Majesty’s Subjects in Ireland are, by their own Representatives;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fThe Lord Mayor of!

Tellers for the Yeas,} London, > 33.

i Mr. Alderman Oliver: J

So it passed in the Negative.

n

Mali. A. 177

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Tnmrik* 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "Ah Roads*, " Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of " Parliament, the General Laws now in being, for r#gulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," as is to iub-jest Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Guage than Six Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls, and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Tttfnell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for suspending for a limited Time, the Provisions of the said Act of the 13th Year of His present Majesty, instead of repealing the m.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instiuftion to the said Committee, that they do fit and proceed upon the said Bill on this Day Three Months;

The House divided*

The Yeas went forth.

Tdkr, forth. Yeas, } 34'

} *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for suspending, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Guage than Six Inches to the Payment of double Tolls, and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls: And that Sir George Savile,

Mr. Hartley, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, j

the feme.

Sir George Savile presented to the House, according to Ditto. Order, a Bill for suspending, for a Time to be limited, so much of an Act made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain j amend,

" and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General " Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads,

" in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Guage than Six Inches to the Payment of double Tolls, and for vacating Contrafts for leafing Tolls: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the fakl Bill be now read a Second Time. (

The said Bill was accordingly J*ead a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savile, Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ai)d then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock. I

16 Geo. III.

x 30 Mail.

Luna, 13° flfo Mali;

Anno i6* Georgii IIItK Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

Duke Vf R. De Grey reported from the Committee, _ to i\l whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in-and* tituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Kerteven’s Estate of the Moil noble Peregrine Duke of lifhtts, and Kesteven, in the County of York, to discharge . Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Part of the said settled Estates; and for purchasing of Estates, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the tune, widiout any Amendment.

Leigh’s Mr. De Grey reported from the Committee, to whom Eftues. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A.r> Act for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John Esquire, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates are liable, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. De Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Fofton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and irvclosing the

Inclosure. Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Fofton, in the East Riding of the Covinty of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Fofton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir James Pennyman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r

Duke An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ®[ , for revelling Part of the Real and Personal Estates of

.ftutes! noble George Duke of Saint Alhans in him;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Saluf-hury Brereton, the Lord Barrington, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hivwood’s An ingrossed Bill from the lords, intituled, An Act

littates. for veiling the settled Estates of

Esquire, in The Jfte of Man, called The in Trustees, to be sold-; and for laying out the Money

\'0L. 35.

arising by such Sale In the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled in lieu of the said Estates in The Isle of Man, intended to be sold, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sa/uf-buty Brereton, Sir William Mayne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jenkins’s todifiolve the Marriage of the Reverend John Jenkins, Divorce. Clerk., with Mary Jenkins, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for othet Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit-neff*!» for the said Bill; and allb that they do hear Couafd, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if t*ie "arties concerned think fit to be heard by Coun-fel> or produce Witnesses.

Message by Mr. Quatme, Yeoman TJlher of the Royal Affeni Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker, Bills.

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for dedaring His Royal Assent to several A.<fts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, Went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Corrtmission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned, and also empowering the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl of Suffolk, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said. Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum, therein mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Purpose:

AiAft for allowing further Time foT the ‘Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon. Bugles when warehoused, upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of Five Years (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their L>uty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom, and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feaf hers for Beds:

An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of The United Provinces, or of The Aujlriart Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time

9N An

ftoyal A (Tent to

Bills.

783 1 i° MaiLA1 177

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been llamped, have been loft or miilaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard Fishery, carried on within the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Brifol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay, and proper Places for landing and flaring the fame; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Ooods for Hite, within the said Port of Brifol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act more effectually to prevent the Stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for/he like Purpose:

An Act for securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal Covent applicable

to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the foie Ufa and Property of a certain Composition, or Cement, of his Invention, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations Abroad, for a limited Time:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The , to make

a navigable Canal, from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecafle, in the County of Stafford, tp Froghall, and a Rail-way from thence to or nea don, in the said County, and to make other Railways; _ _ .

An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, called The Parts and Alder lots, in the Parishes of and Holme, in

flie County of Huntingdon;

An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknofk, and Liberties thereof with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there, and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Borough and Town of Weymonth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of and for remov-

ing all Incnoachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein:

An Act for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester, and for opening new Streets or

Passages within the said Town j

An Act for lighting and watching the Ypwn of Port/ntouth, in the County -of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving arid cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and for preventing Npifences and Annoyances therein, and for widening and pendering the feme more commodious:

An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of , and to confirm, the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporatian, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members, of the fame; and to repeal an Act,» passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of IRspref^m

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing a House " or Houses of Industry in the Isle of for the

" Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the " Poor, belonging to the several Parishes and Places " within the said Island:"

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secorid, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from " to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and " from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and " from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick " to Strafford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Mar*

" tyu's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and " for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the " last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road " from Leicester to Afiby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of " Leicester," lb liar as the same relates to the Road from

Coventry, through Kenilworth, to Wor wick, and from the

feid City of Coventry to Martyn s Gutter:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Twenty-sixth of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Worcester; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford Bridge, to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great Willey, in the said County; and for putting the feme under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first-rnentioned Act; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two several Acts of Parliament, respecting Roads near the Borough of Afiburton, in the County of Devon:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty Ring George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Holton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening tire Road from The Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warthrough Soul ham and

Daventry, ito the Town of Northampton:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the' Will of Sarah Owen, Spinster, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out tire Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like. Uses: ' ‘

An Act for discharging Part of the Estate of Nicholas Wrigglesworth and Ayfcoghe WriggUsworth his eldest Son, from the Payment of a yearly Sum of Thirty-five Pounds, given by Sir Edward Barkham, long since deceased, to charitable Uses, and of and from other Incumbrances; and for charging the feme respectively upon a competent Part of the Estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglesworth and his Son; and for veiling the Residue thereof in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and other the Purposes therein mentioned: :k

An Act for settling certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Pari flics of Saint and Saint Pancras, or -one of them, in the County of Middlesex, to the Uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jacob Hinde, Esquire, with Amie Thayer, now Anne Hinde his Wife, with Power, to make such Leases thereof as in the said Act are mentioned:

An Act for vesting a Leasehold Messuage, in Grosver npr Square, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square,

in the Cqupty^of Middlesex, bequeathed by the Will of EJwar4 Rvclge, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, anther fre Purposes) thrift qientioned:

16 Geo. III. *3*

An Act to enable William C, Esquire, during his Life, and the Guardians of his Infant Children after la is Deccufe, to make building and improving Leafesof certain Lands' and Premises, Part of the Manor of in the County of Surrey, held by Letters Patent from His Majesty, as Part of the Duchy of Cornwall', and to raise Money for Payment of the Fines and Expences renewing the said Letters Patent, and for defraying the Expences to attend the granting l'uch building and improving Leases: "

An Act for vesting Part of the lettled Estates of John Nezvnham, Esquire, in the Counties of,

Middlesex,» and Suffer, and in the Cities of London and Canterbury, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasi ng other Estates, in Jieu thereof, to be lettled to the same Dies:

An Act to discharge certain Lands, heretofore Part of the Estate and Inheritance of 'Thomas Eyre, Esquire, deccated, situate within the Lordship of High Peak, in the County of Derby, from the Payment of a certain Fee Farm ‘Kent of One hundred Pounds a Year; and for securing the same on other Parts of the said Estate:

An Act for enabling the Trustees naqicd in the Will of* William Sterne, deceased, to sell and convey a I^cafeholci Estate, veiled iii them by the said Will, upon certain Trulls therein mentioned, to George Esquire,

pursuant to Articles; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for enabling Christopher Sykes, Esquire, to raise Money by way of Charge or Mortgage upon divers Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Sledmere, in tine County of York, Part of the settled Estates of the said. Christopher Sykes, on the Improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a Rent-Charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his Wife, in lieu of her l_Vfe Estate in Part of the same Lands and Grounds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, tVse Open Undivided Common Fields and Common Pastures, within the several Townshrps of Weji nej~s 9

and Numiinglon, in the North Riding of the Covanty of

York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Moor, called Wooler Common, in the Parish of in

the County of Northumberland

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ickleford, in the Covinty of Hertford:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Waste and Common Grounds, in the Township of Stain-bur ne, in the Pgurish of Kirkby , in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Sutton upon Derwent, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Walgrave, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of arid within the Parish and Liberties of Y in the County of Northampton

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,-Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within - the Parish and Liberties of Clipston and Newbol, other wile in

the County of Northampton:'

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Meadows, Stinted Common Pastures-, free Commons, Vot. 35.

IWait. 785

and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Clarebrough Royal and Ik 'elham, in the Parish of Clarebrough, in the County Aflencw of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Opdh and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish and Liberties of Great Bowden, in the County of JLeicester;

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Uncultivated Lands and Tracts of Waste Ground, called Crowcombe Heathfield and Heddon, and Parcel of Qunnlock Hills, within the Parish of Crowcombe, in the County of Son/trfet r

An A <ft for dividing and inclosing several Open Common Fields, Woods and Average Grounds, Ings, Marshes,

Carrs, Commons, and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Manors and Parishes of Cawood and IViJhzv, in the County of York

An Act for dividing and irtclosing certain Open fields. Lands, and Grounds, within the Lordships and Parish South and North Killingholme, in the County of

Lincoln -

An . dividing, allotting, and inclosing, of the

Comfi:lon s> Half-year Inclosures, Heaths, Brooms, Breach* es. Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of CentCy w-M, in the County of Suffolk t

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common I*»e,ds, Common Moors, Common Meadows, Com-jxion allures, and other Commonable Lands, within the UarifH of Ifttm, in tire County of Monmouth

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable yields. Common Meadow's, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor of Mulgrave, 'within the Parish of Lyth, in the North Riding of

the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Oommon fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Manor and Parish of Tardley in

the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Amtherbyin the Parish of Appleton in the Street, in the North Riding of the County of fTork:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Oped and Common Fields, Common Heath, Common Pallure, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of U^elby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common or Uninclosed Piece or Parcel of Commonable Land or Ground, within the Manor or Parish of IVJl Horn don, in the County of Essex:

An Act to confirm and establish the Division and Inclosure of an Open Arable Field, in the Parish of Sert-neeton, in the County of Nottingham; and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish;

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Eliot, Doctor in Physic, with Grace Dairy tuple-,his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein

mentionerd:

An A. <51 to dissolve the Marriage of Horneck,

Esquire, with Sarah Keppel, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: .

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas tf illiams . with Ann Lantware, his novV Wife} and to enable him to marry again} and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to amend an Act, made and passed in’ the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable John MeJcnvs, the Elder,

" Gentleman, and his I Hue Male, to talce the Surname and Arms of Theobald, pursuant to the Will " of Elizabeth Theobald, Widdw, and also

to enable John Medozvs, eldest Son of the said John

Afdws

Exporting

Provisions,

Ac.

Importation

of

Corn, &c.

Ben ti nek’s Estates.

784

13’ M

A- 17

Medows (now John Theobald) and the Heirs of his Body,

to take the said Surname, and bear the said Arms, of Theobald:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Lawrence Zinck:

An Act for naturalizing John Alexander de Morjier: An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Mulhaufen:

An Act for naturalizing Marie Magdalaine Chevalier. Speaker’s Chamber.

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are-now subsisting concerning the lame, was. read a Second Time.

ResolveJ', That the Bill be committed to Ix»rd Edward Bentinck, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Sic.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

An ingrossed Bill for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the IHand of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging

to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfound-

land, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2, 1. 11. To leave out " said," and after " Coionics " to insert " in North America."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Oliver do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Preston, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Re-flriftions as Com, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn," was read the Third *Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Preston, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and " Exportation of Corn."

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk, the Freehold, Copy-hold and Leasehold Estates, late of John Albert Ben-tinck, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees in Trull, to fell, mortgage, or exchange, any Part or Parts thereof, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements on the said Estates, and in completing Purchases of lands agreed for by the said John Albert and for other Pur poles and for laying out the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands,

Mr. Eiver reported from the Committee, to whom Whitworth’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Sir Charles in the County of Somerset -, and for exonerating the lame, and

his Estates in the County of Kent, from t(je Portions

of his younger Children, provided by his Marriage Settlement, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the.Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That* Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Scotch

Nau

Pr. 1, 1.

1.

1.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Natural-born An Act to declare His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects Subjeai’ inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

And the said" Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After " in " insert " the Parliament of " England in."

After " Third" insert " intituled,

" An Act to enable His Majesty’s " natural-born Subjects to inherit " the Estate of their Ancestors,

" either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens."

Pr. 2, 1. 16. After " inheritable" insert " in " Scotland.'’

Pr. 4, 1. 13. Leave out from "notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill.

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Eftcourt’*

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for applying the Money to arise by Sale of certain Messuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, de. viled by the Will of Edmund Efcourt, Esquire, deceased,

to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Mansion-house upon the settled Estates late of the said Edmund Eftcourt, at Shipton Moyne and Dovin the County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the ancient Mansion-house now Handing thereon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Saluf-bury Brereton, the Lord Barrington, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third High Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue and „ an<* . render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, fot rILis.

repairing

16 Geo. III.

repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to

Gatehouseand Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn, to make a new Road, from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to the Road near

Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road near Queen's Row to BagniggeWash\ and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said Roads, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and render more effectual leve-ral Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Gatehouse and

Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to , to

make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington, to the Edgware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the find new Road near Queen's Row to Bagnigge PfT’ash; and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said lionde.

Ordered, That Mr. Pent on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A.n Ad Montfbrt’t for veiling the real Estates comprised in the Marriage £state*‘ Settlement of Thomas Lord Mont fort, situate in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, Underwoods, Timber, and other Trees, growing and being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold and disposed of in Manner therein mentioned, and for applying the Monies to arise b>y Sale thereof in the Manner therein also mentioned, -was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. jjenyns, Mr. Cadogan, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

785

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Grantham poled. That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ.

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Sir Brownlow Cuji, Baronet, now Baron Brownlow of Belton, in the County of Lincoln, called up to the House of Peers;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof, the Words " although it does not appear to this House, that any " Thing more than a Warrant under the Sign Manual " has passed for the said Peerage, or that he is a Peer " either by Writ or Patent."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas, jgj* JofJh Menviey: } 33-

Tellers for, he } 6,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being again proposed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said main Question being put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ChirktuJ,} 61

Tellers for the Noes, {»; \ 30.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hereford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ-electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present E^arliament for the County of Hereford, in the room of dl dtomas Foley, Esquire, now Lord Foley, Baron of Kidder-m infer, in the County of iVorcester, called up to the House of Peers.

i 3 0 Maii.

Parfoiiage

Houses»

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Order, a Bill to promote the residence of tkve Parochial the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ

Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament effectual building, re-building, or repairing, Parionage _ r the Borough of in the County of

Houses, and for erecting or repairing other necessary *n the room of the Right honourable John Stuart, com-Buildings upon the Glebes belonging thereto: And the rnonly called Lord , now Baron Cardiff, of

fame was received; and read the First Time. Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan, called up to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Houre of Peers.

Courtenhall Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Portsr»outs» Free School the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wnt for the *t. Invefonent. for ve(\ing the Free School House, Dwelling House for electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament the Rafter and Usher, Clofc, and other Premises thereto *or Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southamp*. belonging, in Courtcnhall, in the county of * I'Torthampton, *he room of the Right honourable Sir Edward in Sir William Wake, Baronet, and txls Heirs, upon f*awke9 Knight of the Moll honourable Order of the the Conditions therein mentioned, was committed; Bath, now Baron Hawkey of in the County of

That the Committee had examined the Allegations called up to the House of Peers.

of the Bill, and found the same to be true-; 'and # ' .

that the Parties concerned had given their- Consent Ordered, That Nlr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tiverton

to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wn‘ that the Committee had directed him to report the' the eleding of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he for the Borough of 'Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table- . the room of Nathaniel Ryder, Esquire, now Baron

And the said Bill was read the

Third Time.

rowby of Harrow by in the County of Lincoln, called up to Resolved, That the Bill do pass. - - the House of Peers.

VOL. 35- °

Grneral

Index to the Journals.

7$6 130 M 1776.

Mr. Elutesreported from the Committee, who were appointed to insped the Progreis that has been made by the several Persons appointed by Mr. Speaker, to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Iioule; That the Committee had inipccded the same accordingly; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Entries in the Journal of the House of the 23d of January 1766, " That a Committee be appointed to consider of a proper Plan for making a " General Index to the printed Journals of this House," and allb the Entry of the 12th of May 1766, of the Report from the said Committee and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, were read:

Your Committee then called Mr. Moore (one

of the Persons employed in framing a General Index to the Journals of this House) who being asked, How long, and when he was first employed in this Work ? he informed your Committee, That he had been employed Eleven Years, and was first appointed in May 1 765, when he was directed to prepare a Plan for a General Index, which he did, and laid it before a Committee of the House for their Approbation in 1766; that in A)ayfollowing lie was appointed to make the

Ger.eral Index, in Conjunction with Mr.; that he proceeded in the Work till about April 1770, when a Ditapprobation of the Plan was signified to him by the present Speaker, who informed him that Doctor Flex-wan had undertaken, and engaged to make a General Index upon a different Plan; that Mr. Speaker then appointed him (the Witness) to assist the Doctor by working under his Direction; that he did so till about Midsummer 1771, when the Doctor’s Work was laid aside; that the Reverend Mr. Fqfter and Mr. Cunningham were then called in to assist in forming a new Plan; that they, the other Gentlemen, and Mr. Moore, began de Novo, and met on the 25th of July 1771 to form a new Plan, and about November following agreed upon a Plan, which was approved of by Mr. Speaker, and the Gentlemen he consulted on the 7 th of January 7772; that then he (the Witness) was ordered to make an Index upon the new Plan to the Sixteen Volumes of the Journals, commencing with the 18th Volume, and ending with the 33d Volume both in-clulive, which is above Half the Work; that he has digested almost all the Matter in Fifteen of his Volumes upon the new approved Plan; that Part of the Matter cantained in the 33d Volume is collected, and that he means to collect the Matter of the 34th Volume, and incorporate it in his Index so as to make a complete General Index to Seventeen Volumes:

He likewise informed your Committee, That Mr. Style, who assisted him for some Years, having been obliged from his great Age and Infirmities to decline the Employ, he thought it his Duty to inform your Committee, that the late Speaker, Sir John Cujl, observing the declining State of Mr. Style’s Health, told him (the W itness) about Two Months before his (the late Speaker’s) Death, that the Work being too laborious for Mr. Style, he would endeavour to get him an Allowance 100 per Annum, during his Life (which he observed cop Id not be long, Mr. Style being near Eighty Years of, Age) apd to let him retire; that the Witness laid, he had mentioned this to the present Speaker, who said he would do something of the same Sort: ... -r.

1 And the Witness informed your Committee, That it appeared by his Accpunt of the Disposition of the £. 2,000 in Sir John , Cust'sTime; that Mr. Style received £. 758. is., and that to the Witness’s Knowledge, the present Speaker gave Mr. Style, the First Year he came to tfTe Chair £. 150, and since then the-

Witness believes, about £. 60 Annually, but he cannot speak positively to that, not having seen Mr. Style these Two Years.

And being asked. What Sums of Money he had received on account of his Labours during this Period' of Eleven Years ?

He produced an Account (which is hereunto annexed) of the Disposition of the £. 2,000 granted by Parliament in the Years 1766, 1767, 1768, and 1769, during the Speakership of Sir John Cujt, which he proved to the Satisfaction of your Committee; by which it appeared that he had received in the Five Years that Sir Jqhn Cujl was Speaker, as follows:

For his Labours in making the Plans and Specimens, and on account of the Work, and for all incidental Expences of an Office, Clerks, &c. 895 19 —

Allb that he had received of the present Speaker for his Labours under Doctor Flexman’s Direction - 150 — —

And since engaged in the new Plan

with Messrs. Foster, Stc. - - 500 -r- — *

So that he has received for his 1 r Years Labour, and for all his incidental Expences, for Assistants, Stationery, Office, &c. - - 1,545 19 —

Out of this Sum he has yet to pay the Fees of passing the Account of the £. 2,000 before the Auditor of the Exchequer, which will at least be £. 50 or £. 60.

And being asked, Whether in the Course of executing his Part of the Work he had from time to time compared what he had done with what had been done by any of the other Gentlemen employed in the said Work ? he answered. That during the Progreis of the Work they had no such Communication, but that within thele few Days, he and the Reverend Mr. Foster had shewn their Works to each other, and that it appeared to the Witness, that the Execution of their Work varied with regard to several Particulars; that however he thought it possible to incorporate them, but it would require so much Time and Trouble, that he himself would not wish to undertake it, but if the Committee should think it proper to divide the Index into Periods making one distinct and separate Index for the Part undertaken by the Witness, and another separate and distinct Index for the Part undertaken by Mr. Forjler, that the Gentlemen who consulted those Indexes would find no great Difficulty in the Transitions from the one to the other, especially if a proper Explanation by way of Preface was annexed to each.

And the Witness being asked, What Time it would still require to complete the Index for his Period to the End of the 34th Volume ? he answered, Three Years.

Then your Committee called the Reverend Roger Flexman, who being asked* At what Time he was first engaged in the Business of making a General Index to the Journals, by what Authority, and how he had proceeded in the said Work ? He informed your Committee, That he was sent for by the present Speaker, about the Middle of Afarch 1770, who proposed to him to undertake the framing of the General Index; that he had several Conventions upon that Subject, with the Speaker, and other Members to whom he was referred; that be stated his Age and other Infirmities as a Reifon for not undertaking it alone, and in June following he was appointed to undertake the Direction, and overlce the Execution of the Work, and that Mr. Mr.

Style, and his own Son, were appointed to ad under him, and by his Direction; that his'first Undertaking was only to give a Plan for One Volume, viz. the Tenth, upon which Plan, he, with his Three Assistants, worked from Jitnt to.November, when it was completed, and delivered by Mr. Speaker’s Delire to Mr. Roj'e

Goo£ [e

16 Geo. III.

i?

ih

Fuller,(a Member of this House); that from that Time a (lifted him, particularly in the last Two Volumes, in to May following:, he was directed to make Improve- copying, collecting, &c.

ments and Alterations to his General Plan j that he was And being a/ked, Whether, in the Course of the Work, next employed for a Month in preparing the single Head he had compared his Work with any of the other Gen-of Privilege; that on the 25th jWy.177*. Pfan was tlemen’s? he laid, He had nof, but tint within these few laid afule, and the new one adopted, in which he under- Days he had communicated with Mr. Moore, and agrees took Six Volumes, viz. from the Restoration to the with him in regard to the Incorporation of the Work; Death of King William, and upon these he worked till that the Witness also informed your Committee, that he January 1775, when he gave up the last Two Volumes, had completed the Index to his original Four Volumes, since which Time he has been employed on the other and also to the Two Volumes given him since, lb that. Four.

Genfral Index to tic journaJi.

And being asked, In what Time he would undertake

the incorporation of these Two Indexes only remains to be done, which he thinks may be accomplished within a Year.

Your Committee then called Mr Cunningham*

who laid he had been employed in making a General Index to the Journals since July 1771; that he had. re- ceived £.300.

And being asked, What Part he undertook in the Work ? he faief, He undertook to make an Index to the Seven First Volumes; that he had done the Thirty General Heads or Tables approved of, which he apprehended to be about a Fourth Part of the Work: And

to deliver in the Index to the Four Volumes ? he laid.

Within a Year. And being asked. What Money he had received ? he answered. He received for himself and Son, while concerned with Mr. Moore, £. 150, and £.500 since} he also informed your Committee, that he never had compared his Index with those formed by any of the other Gentlemen.

Your Committee next called the Reverend Nathaniel Fojier, who informed your Committee, that he was first employed in the General Index lometime in jfaly 1771, with Four other Gentlemen }.that the general Idea given being asked, Why he had not further advanced with the to-him by Mr. Speaker, was, that they should mefet all Work ? he gave the following Reasons: together, and form a Table of Heads, and that after- ' 1 ft. The Difficulty of classing or subdividing some of

wards each Gentleman should take such. Beriods, as . the Heads.

were allotted to them} that he was not present at the adly, Because the First Seven Volumes contained Allotment of the several Periods, but that Mr. Speaker much more than Two Thirds of the Quantity of Matter told him, that the other Gentlemen had chosen their contained in the other Twenty-five Volumes, respective Periods, and that the 14th, 15 th, 1 6th, and 3dly, That if the Witness should execute them in his 17th Volumes were left to him; that they accordingly own Method, and it should not be approved of, he must met, and a little Time before the Christtpas Following a begin de Novo; and,

general Table of Heads was agreed upon, yet not lo Lastly, That the Quantum of the Reward was un-absolutely 95 to preclude each Gentleman from throwing certain for so much Labour more than what the other out such other Heads as appeared to him necessary in Gentlemen had. And being asked, In what Time he the Course of the Work} that they were then directed to proceed to the Execution, and that he often hinted his Fears to Mr. Speaker, that the Work, notwithstanding the General Table of Heads, would not come out of a Piece} that Mr. Speaker’s general A.nfwer was, by the different Gentlemen employed by Mr. Speaker, that he hoped it might, but that at worffc, they should it will be exceedingly difficult, and a Matter of much have so many different Indexes to the different Parts of Time and Labour, to incorporate the same into One the Journals, that Mr. Speaker then directed thein to " ’ r

give in a short Specimen of the Work j that the Witness did so, as he supposed the rest of the Gentlemen did} that he then proposed to Mr. Speaker, to compile a complete Index to the 14th Volume by way of a fuller Specimen, that he might be sure he was going on in a Way that was approved} that the Witness did so, and delivered it in to Mr. Speaker in December 1772, and which was left with him for a Year, during which Time the Witness was proceeding ’With the other Volumes, which he had engaged to Mr. Speaker, to give-

the Index to, by the ill of January 1775; that he

------------ o J a nuv. iiw

thought he could finish his Seven Volumes ? he answered, In about Two Years upon his own Plan.

Upon the Whole, it appeared to your Committee, that upon comparing the Specimens of the Works executed

in

did so, with a Preface explaining the Principles upon which the Work was executed, and that this Work has Iain in the Hands of Mr. Speaker, and of Mr. //, and Mr. Ley, (the Clerk and Cleric A.fiistant of this House) from thence until this Time j that after some Time Mr. Speaker desired the Witness to take Two of "Do€Xoy Flexman's Volumes which he undertook, and deli-livered in the Index to them the Beginning of January last, at which Time he was taken ill, and has' not been able to attend to that Business until about a Month

Work, and that therefore it will be necessary either: entirely to lay aside what has been already executed, and to begin another Index on one General Plan, or if that Method should not be approved of, that the whole Journal should be divided into Four different Periods, to be comprised under Three Forms of Indexes, with a proper Explanation to each distinct Index; by which. Means neither the Money already expended, nor th& Labour employed by the Gentlemen engaged in the said. Work, will he loft to the Public; but it also appearing to yoyif Committee, t)»at the Work already executed, by the several Gentlemen has been exceedingly difficult

and laborious, and much Time and Expence exnpl?ye<-K .1 — -»-- tholes

ago

And being asked. How much Money he had received ? he informed your Committee, he had received £. 100 each Year, making in the Whole £. 5 00, and that he

had also received £. 40 for a Cleric or Amanuensis, who. 'Jype.

therein, your Committee are of , Option, thft Gentlemen are deferying of forqe further Reward toir the Work already done, in.proportion to the Time fqi$ which tlpey have, been qmployed, the Trouble they have been at} and the Pjpgress they have, jnade.in..the said Worjc. ., ' .

Your Committee therefore came to the following Resolutionc.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Persons employed by Mr. Speaker, to majee. a General Index to the Jourqals of House, are;<fc^ serving of some further Recompence for their^A. and Expeqce in the Execution of the said

V A'

.V'daT

sjO tact

tr,

id 1

J U.fli

Vo L.

ox

:; *1 i ' . >0 jj ub rxl: iiAi ». 11 . j jijwtil

V

M i

— wS.

.tJ

Central Index to the Journals.

4

13 MaiL

A. 177

An ACCOUNT of the Disposition of the Money granted by Parliament, for carrying on the General

Index while Sir John Cuji was Speaker.

Dr. £

1776. June 13th, Received at the Exchequer - 500

1767. August jth, D° 500

1768. June 9th, D‘ 5OO

1769. June 16th. D* - - - - 500

2,000

Cr.

By Fees at the Treasury and Ex- s.

chequer upon Receipt of each £-S°° - £.32.175.64/. 131 xo

By Cash advanced to Mr. Harrison, on account of his Trouble in making Plans for an Index, — and towards his Labours in making an Index to the Commonwealth Journals, by Sir John Cujl's Order - - - 160 —

By Cacti paid Mr. James Style, at sundry Times, on account of his Plans, and towards his Labours in the Index, as per his Receipts, and Sir John Cujl's Order - - 758 z

Paid for printing the Specimen, by

Sir John Cujl's Order - 54 9

i.

5th May 1776.

Edwd Moore.

By Balance remaining in my Hands, on account of my own Labours in the Work, and for the Plans and Specimens, as also on account of the incidental Expences of an Office, Clerks, &c. for which Sir John CuJl allowed per Annum,

£.150 - 895 19 —

£.2,000 — —

The said Refclution, being read a Second Time, Ivas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then Mr. Speaker informed the House of the Manner in which the Plan for making the said General Index had been originally settled: And it appearing, from the said Report, what Progress had been made in the Execution of that Plan, by the Persons already employed j and Mr. Speaker acquainting the House, that he found it extremely inconvenient to him to attend to the minute Execution of the said Work, and that he was desirous that the House would consider of feme other Method of directing the completing of the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of a Method of completing the said General Index, and to appoint proper Persons for executing the fame: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ana 3 Committee was appointed of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Burke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider what further llecom-pence should be made to the Persons who have been employed to make a General Index to the Journals of thi House, over and above what they have already

received s and report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, idling That a Committee be appointed, to take into Con- of sideration the Grounds and Principles, as well as the NewWnts, Precedents, upon which new Writs have been issued by Order of this House, or of the Speaker, and particularly in consequence of Warrants by t^e Crown, for calling Members of this House to the other House of Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} ,0

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir George Savife reported from the Committee, Tumpilc to whom the Bill for suspending, for a Time to be P.oads; limited, so much of an Act made in the 13 th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to iCC 4< explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels

thereof

16 Geo. III. *3* Maii. 785?

thereof of less Breadth or Gage than Six Inches to Amendments were Otice read throughout; and then the Payment of double Tolls, and for vacating Con- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tracts for leafing Tolls, was committed; That the Com- tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several House.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ingrossed.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom Upfold'* Amendments were Once read throughout; and then the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the C^ueftion for veiling the settled Estates of William , Gen-severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the tleman, in the County of Middlesex and City of Lon-House. , in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, ingrossed. was committed; That the Committee had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Supply Bill. Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Bill for enabling His Majesty to raile the Sum of One that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill Million, for the Ufea and Purposes therein mentioned, to the House, without any Amendment: And he de-was committed. livered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had Resolved, That the Bill do pals,

made tb the Bill, and which they had dire*£fced to Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Bill to the

be reported to the House; and he read, the Re- Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed port in his Place; and afterwards delivered, the Bill, to the lame, without any Amendment, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; The House being informed, that Mr. Ibbetjbn (from Greenwich and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital) attended at Hospital; the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-by the House. fented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Act of Parliament, ingrossed. Report of the Commissioners and Governors of the

Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, of what Money Ditto. Ordered, That Sir Grey Cooper do make the Report has been received out of the Rents and Profits of the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Derwentwatar Estate, between the ill of December 1773 the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of and the 30th of November 1774, and of their Proceed-Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying ings in carrying on the Building: And also,

.certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of Report of the Commissioners and Governors of the the Year Ques thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, of what fix, was committed. _ Money has been received out of the Rents and Profits

Sir Grey Cooper accordingly reported from the said of the Derwentwater Estate, between the ill of De-Committee, the Amendments which the Committee 1774 and 30th of November 1775, and of their

had made to the Bill, and, which they had. directed t © Proceedings in carrying on the Building, be reported to the House; and he read the Report in And then he withdrew,

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the And the Titles of the said Reports were wad.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the The feid Reports are as followeth»

Vol. 35.

P P

In

Gr<*enwich

Hospital.

790

It" Mai;. A. 1776.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 8th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe ,"

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, and other Persons for the finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital, in a Workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament respectively:

The Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly Report as followeth:

THAT there hath been received between the ift of December 1773 and the.30th (A November 1774, out of the

Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

£ ' \

On account of the Annual Rents - - -.....- 6,5^5 S

------ — - — Lead Mines ' 7,944 *4 Si

£. 14,500 — —

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

Works and Repairs in the Old Buildings, &c.

Fitting up an Apartment in the Noth-weft Pavision of King Charles's Building, for the Lieut.

Governor 5 fitting up the 1 ft Chaplain’s Apartment; making a Servant’s Room and Store

Closet for the 3d Lieutenant; fitting up a Room fonan Office and Reception of Books and Papers for the Secretary; fitting up the 8th Lieutenant’s Apartment; fitting up the Steward’s Office and his Apartment; fitting up Lodgings for the Cook of the West Kitchen, and for Two Mates, and for One of the Sculleryman’s Mates; finishing the West Dining Hall,

Kitchen Scullery, and Butler’s Store Room; fitting up Wards with Cabins for 57 Pensioners, and 5 Nurses, together with repairing the several Buildings, Wards, Officers Apartments,

Brewhouse, Brewing Utensils, Master Brewer’s Apartment, Sewers, Drains, Water-pipcs, Courts, £. s. d.

Roads, and other necessary Repairs for the Service of the Hospital, amounts to the Sum of - 6,25688

New Works at the South-West Pavision of King Charles's Building:

Finishing the Ontfide of the Pavision; fitting up an Apartment for a Lieutenant in the Two Lower1 Stories; making Shelves and Prefles in the One Pair of Stairs, for keeping Pensioners Clothing Linen* and other Stores under the Care of the Steward; and fitting up a small Lodging adjoining the Stores for the Steward’s ift Clerk — which Works amount to the Sum of 1,040 6 <5

£.7,296 15 2

N.B.

There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate between the ift of December 1773 and 50th of November 1774, on account of Repairs - -- -....

r s. d.

216 3 3*

By Order of the Commissioners and CQvernors,

Jtf Ibbetson,

In

Snrth’s

States.

Gorton's

Mate.

16 Geo. III. 13°

791

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 8th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign Greenwich intituled, "An Act for the Application of the Kents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders Hospital. of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe ,"

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at , to contract and

agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, -Artificers, and other Persons, for the finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a Workman-like and Substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament respectively:

The Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

That there has been received between the ift of JDecember 1774 and thfe 30th of November 1775, out of the

Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

£. s. I.

On account of the Annual Rents - - - ----- 9,579 4 2

Lead Mines - - — ----- 11,420 15 9^-

£. 21,000 — —

As to the Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

Fitting up the 2d Chaplain’s and Captain Lynn*s Apartments; the Wards One Pair of Stairs, in Queen Anne's East and West Buildings; repairing the several Buildings of the Hospital, the Brewhoul'e, and other Out-buildings j Repairs in the Wards of the Hospital and Infirmary, Officers Apartments, Brewing Utensils, Sewers, Drains, Water-pipes, Courts, £. s. d. Roads, and other necessary Works, amounts to the Sum of - 3,963 ia 5

N. B. "

There has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, between the ift of JOecember 1774. and the 30th of November 1775, on account of Repairs, £. 797. izs. io| d.

By Order of the Conunilfioners and Governors,

Jrf Ibbal

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of title House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Sotnerfet, late belonging to John SE.fcqv*.ire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr,

Mr. Townshend, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Corfentichael, called , and others,

lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcud, to and in favour of Isabel Gordon, of Ctdvennatt, Widow of William Gordon, of Greenlaw, Esquire, for her L.ife, and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon, of Cie/vennan, Esquire, her eldest Son, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a. E>eed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, by John Maccullock, of* Bar helm, and Jean Gordon his Wife; and for veffcing in the aforesaid Alexander Gordon, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee VOL. 35.

Simple, the Estate of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of Wigton, together with the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Sterling, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strahan,

Mr. Stewart,&c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Transportatian into further Consideration the Report from the Com- f.

mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to au- or thorize, for a Time to be limited, the Puhishment by Punishment. Hard Labour of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are now liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said- Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Repert into further Consideration.

And th£ Amendments made by the Committee to > the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, sevend of them were distgreed to; and the rest were,

with

13* — 14* Mail. A. 1776.

witl> Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Persons confined under this Bill shall be kept separate from other Persons confined for Petit Larceny.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House 10 the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Banbury’* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Dm*ce. a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, wkh the Right honourable Lady Sarah Lenox, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein motioned.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he del'yered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Westminster The other Order of the Day being read;

*treets- The House proceeded to take into further Consideration, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for remedying feme Defeats in the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of , and

Parts adjacent, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, To apply Part of the Penalty on Persons breaking Inmps.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Pavement shall not be broke up without Leave from the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 14" die Maii;

Anno i6* Georgii III*" Regis, 1776,

Prayers.

feunbur) ’* AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce. / V to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, with be jiight honourable Lady

Sarah Lenox, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, wa* read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the several Returns, which, upon the Poor 3d Day of November last, were presented to the House, R«wn$. in pursuance of the Orders of this House of the" r ith Day of April in the last Session of Parliament, " That " the Mailers, Governors, and Officers, having the " Care and Direction of the several Houses of Industry,

" or public Workhouses, established by Acts of Parliament specially made for the Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain " called England, do, on or before the 24th Day of " June next, transmit to the Clerk of this House, in " order to be by him laid before this House, an Ac-(t count of the Number of Parishes, in each District,

" City, Town, or Place, wherein any such House has been so established; the Money raised Annually by " such Parishes under such Acts of Parliament within " the last Three Years, or since such Establishment;

" the Expences for their Buildings, and how, and to " what Purposes, such Buildings are adapted; the " Number of Poor contained therein at Midsummer and " Christmas in each Year, distuiguishing the Able,

" the Aged, Infirm, and Infant, Poor, and also the " Number in each of those Clafies who died in each of " such respective Houses, within each of the said Years;

" how, and in what Labour or Manulafture, the Poor " have been employed in each of such Houses, and the " Annual Amount of the net Money earned by them;

" the Annual Expences in maintaining the m; distinguishing how much for Food, Clothing, and Fuel,

" respectively, and also how much for Salaries and Allowances to Officers, and how much for other incidental Expences,.within each of thfe laid Years; and " also the Amount Of the Money paid or allowed within " the said Parishes, in each of the said Years, on account of the Poor who were not font to the said " Houses of Industry or Workhouses; likewise an Account of what Money has been borrowed by virtue of the said respective Acts, and how much " thereof has been discharged, within each of the " said Years, and what Part thereof remains unpaid; and also Copies of all their Bye Laws, Rules,

" Orders, and Regulations;" and" also, " That the " Clerks of the Peace and Treasurers, or one of rt them, within the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Liberties, and Precincts, and the Town Clerks " and Treasurers, or one of them, in the several " Cities and Towns Corporate, within that Part of Great Britain called England, do lay before- the Justices of the Peace, for each respective County, Rjd-rt ing, Division, Liberty, Precinct, City, and Town " Corporate, holding Quarter Sessions of the Peace, at " their next Midsummer General Quarter Sessions, an " Account of the several Sums of Money expended " within their respective Jurisdictions, for apprehending,

" and also in passing, of Vagrants, within the last " Three Years, distinguishing each Year; and also " how much Money has been expended in each of the said Years, on account of the several Houses of Correction within their respective Jurisdictions; how " many Persons have in each of the said Years been " confined within such Houses of Correction, for Employment in hard Labour and Correction; how, and " in what Manner, such Persons have been employed,

" and what net Money has been earned by their Labour within each of the said Years; and that the CT Governors, and other Persons having the Care or Management of the several Houses of Correction,

" do give all AdHlance and Information in their Power,

16 Geo. III. T ^Mail. 793

" in making up the said Accounts; and the Jviftices " of the Peace, at their said Quarter Sessions, within " their respective Juril'dictions, are required to irifpeft " and certify the same to this House; and that the said " several Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and Treasurers, or one of them, do immediately afterwards " transmit such Accounts and Certificates to the Clerk " of this House, in order that the same may be by him " laid before this House;" and were then ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to inquire how far the Orders made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the KeJief, Employment, Clothing, Maintaining, Ordering, and Regulating the Poor, within the several Houses of In-dullry, and pubiic Workhouses established by _A<£1 of Parliament, specially made, and to the Buildings provided for their Reception, and with respect to Vagrants and Houses of Correction, have been complied with, and to make Report thereof to the House j and also to consider what further Information may be ne-cellary to be laid before this House, as a Foundation for making effectual Provision for the better Kmploy-ment, Relief, and Maintenance, of the Poor, the apprehending and passing of Vagrants, and for regulating Houses of Corre<5lion, within that Part of Great Britain called England-, and to report their Opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House, as they shall think fit.

ford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and a Ifofrom the said Town of Ludlow to a Place of

House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, tiiade Turnpike in the 13 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into \v^eel° " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in " being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," which relates to the counter-sinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and other Carriages, to be used on Turnpike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with rel'pedl to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gage of Six Inches, or upwards.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mason*

Eilaces.

Ludlow,

fcc.

Roads.

Mr. Salusbury Brereton reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Sixth Parts of the Ifestates late of Stanhope Mason, Gentleman, deceased, iri ILngland and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other Efiatcs, to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tha$ the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of "Yhe Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bilbo the House, without any Amendment z And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury Brevet on do cany' the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrolTcd Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Tw'enty-fourth Year of t:be Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and T-^ztt/e Hereford, to a Place called Monks Bridge, in the said County; and allb from the said Town of Ludlow, to a l^lace or House called The Maidenhead, at Orle. in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made . to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 35, 7 To leave out " or real and personal & 36. 5 M Estate, together."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, paRed in the Twenty-fourth T"ear of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of ,in the County of Salop, through. an(^ Tittle -

- - VOL. 35.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise Supply BUI. the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act AV»«3y’*

for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to E.£fc»ie*

Sir John Abdy, Baronet, deceased, at Bifwp's Canning, in the County of Wilts, and of Timber Trees growing on his Estates, in the County of Essex, and all'o of his Medals and Coins, for paying off and distharging certain Incumbrances affecting his real Estates in;

and for laying out the Residue of the Monies arising by such Sale in The Purchase of Linds, to be settled to the same Uses as his Estates in Essex now Hand settled by his Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ora,

Mr. Townfield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An Ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act- Srap/fro/jV for veiling Part of the settled Estates of Henry , £liates*

Esquire, at Wighill, in the County of the City of York, in the said Henry Stapilton, in Fee Simple; and for settling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Henry Stapilton, lying contiguous to, and interspersed with the Remainder of the said settled Estates, and also the Tythes thereof, and of such Remainder, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savi/e, Mr. Ord, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, Shepheard’* to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, E^au*

An Act for vesting several Estates, late of Samuel -heard, of Evening, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be loid, and for purchasing

9 Q other

GoO^lc "

794

*4

Mali.

A. 1776.

Supply

Bill.

other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; TRat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Bea do carry' the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for suspending, for a Time to be be limited, so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’-s Reign, intituled, " An " Ad to explain, amend, and reduce into One " Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being,

" for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part " of Great Britain called Eng, and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage than Six Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls, was read the Third

r-rv

lime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for suspending, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the 13th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and " reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general " laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike " Roads in that Part of Great Britain called,

and for other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage than Six Inches to the Payment of double Tolls, and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls.

Ordered, That Sir George do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MefTage from the Lords by Mr. Pechell and Mr-Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

B’1 luuptv The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An "Ad to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds " by Bankrupts;" and also an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the llcign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the Importation of light " Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries ' " into Great Britain or and to restrain the

'' " Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum," without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Drawback

oa

for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Muslins and Collicoes, imported by the East India Company, in the Years One Muflias, Ire. thousand Seven hundred and Seven ty-three, and One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; for allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy.fix; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee; and for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the tish Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Robert Dolman, Esquire, and Robert Dolman the younger, in Pocklington and elsewhere, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

W!»te

Fifl*ov.

Dolman

Rime.

Turnpike Roads; Breadth of Wheel*.

A Bill to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, or repairing Parsonage Houses, and for erecting or repairing other necessary Buildings upon the Glebes belonging thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Bacon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Grier, Merchant, Brother-in-Law to ’Thomas Touchet, a Lunatic, who is the only surviving Brother and Partner of the late Samuel Touchet ami Company, Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Samuel Touchet and Company, being indebted to several Persons in large Sums of Money, and having flopped Payment, did, in November 1763, call a Meeting of their Creditors, when it was agreed that a Letter of License should be granted to the said Co-partners for Two Years, under the Terms after mentioned; and accordingly, on the 23d of December following, a Deed was prepared, and executed by them and their joint and separate Creditors, whereby free License was given them to get in and dispose of all their joint and separate Effects, as they should think proper, for the Term of Two Years, under an Engagement, on the Part of the said Co-partners, that they would within that Time pay thereout to their Creditors £.40 per Cent, at least upon all their Debts, and at the Expiration of the said Term convey all the llefidue of their joint and separate Estate, real and personal, to Persons to be named by the Creditors, in Trull, to sell and dispose of the fame, and to apply the Money arising thereby in discharge of the Residue of their Debts, in Manner therein mentioned; which Terms the said Creditors agreed to accept in full Discharge of all Debts then due from the said Co-partners; and that £. 40 per Cent, of the Whole of the Debts of the said Co-partnership having been paid, and the said Term of Two Years being then elapsed, the said Creditors, at a Meeting holden for that Purpose, on or about the 13th Day of February 1766, did resolve to suspend for a further Time the taking any such Assignment from the

laid

Parfnnutt

Hooks.

ItxfbWeac

Debtor

16 Geo. III.

14" Mail.

795

----- ,---- jy *

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Lord Nbrtk, by His Majesty’s Command, ac*

said Samuel Toucket and Company, and that they should and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from continue to act in the Management of their Affairs, for the City of and for fixing the Rates payable for the Benefit of their Creditors; and that all the Creditors the same respectively, be now read of the said Samuel Touchet and Company (except Robert Grierson, late of Manehefter, deceased) signeol the said Deed; and although the said Robert Grier Jon did not actually sign the fame, yet he was deemed by the Copartners to have acceded thereto, as he was apprised of quainfed the House, that His Majesty, having been the Terms of the said Deed, and did, from time to time, informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Con-with the rest of the Creditors, receive the Dividends lent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that made under the lame, out of the Partnership Effefls, to the House may do therein as they shall think fit. the Amount of £.40 per Cent, and gave Receipts for And the House being informed, that no Counsel at- the fame; and that, although the said Robert Grierson tended;

received the like Dividends with the other Creditors, 1 he said Bill was read the Third Time, yet his Executors did, in August 1769, cause an Action An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the at Law to be brought against: Samuel, Thomas* and Peter Bilj, by way of Ryder, for preferring the Rights of the Touchet {John Touchet being then dead) for the Residue Trinity House.

the said Robert Grierfonand held

1,700, since which the said Samuel

of the Debt due to them to Bail for £

Touchet and Peter Touchet are both dead; lo that the said Thomas Touchet is now the only surviving Partner in the said Co-partnership, and the only surviving Defendant in the said joint Action; that some Time ago a Commission of Lunacy issued against the said Thomas T'ouehet, and, by an Inquisition thereupon, taken on the x 3th of August 1774, he was found Lunatic; and, t>y Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, all the Estate and Effects of the said Thomas Touchet have been granted to James Latane, of LondonMerchant, lo long as His Majesty shall please, during the Lunacy of the said Thomas Touchet; and that, some Time after the said Thomas Touchet was lo found a Lunatic, an Application was made to the Court of King’s Bench, that his Bail should, on account of his Lunacy, be discharged; but the Executors of the said Robert Grierson opposing the Application, the Court was of Opinion, that, notwithstanding his being Lunatic, they were not impowered to discharge the said Bail 5 whereupon the said Lunatic (as the surviving Defendant in the said Action) was, on the 28 th Day of April 1 7 75, surrendered by his Bail, and has ever since that Time been a close Prisoner in the King’s Bench Prison, although all the joint and separate Estate and Effects of him and his Partners have long since been given vip L>y them for the Benefit of their Creditors, and the separate Estate or Property of the said Thomas Touchet (which is very (mail) hath been granted to the said James Latane as aforesaidj and that the Petitioner observes, a Bill is bow depending in the House, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; but the said Thomas , being a Lu-

natic, is therefore incapable by Law to comply with the Terms and Conditions required by Acts for Relief of insolvent Debtors, and must remain a Brifbner for Life, without the Interposition of Parliament; And therefore praying, (on Behalf of the said Thomas Touchet the Lunatic) That Provision may be made in the said Bill for releasing him from Prison, in order that he may fce, for the future, under the Care of his Relations or Friends.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, for the Relief of the said Thomas , on the Third Reading of the said Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till this Day Sevennight.

Committees.

Chester

For.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the Idoufe.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for erestine Light-Houses and Land-Marks in or near the Bort of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots

VoV^5-

U

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the Cud Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally pro-poled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. x, 1. 27. After " War " to insert " And " whereas by virtue of an Act of " Parliament, made in the Eighth " Year of the Reign of our late " Sovereign Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act concerning Sea-Marks and Mariners," the " Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, are empowered to erect and set up such and so many Beacons, Marks, and Signs, for the Sea, in such Places of the Sea Shores, Uplands near the Sea Coasts, or Forelands of the Sea only,

" for Sea-Marks, as to them shall " seem meet; and by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of " Great Britain, bearing Date the " Eleventh Day of June, in the " Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen, the Office of Beaconage and Buoyage, and the foie Right and Power of making, setting up, placing, continuing, renewing, and maintaining of all Beacons, Buoys, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, and all Fees, Profits, Advantages, Emoluments, Rights, and Appurtenances, due, payable, appertaining, or belonging thereto, or for or in respect thereof, are vested in them; and the said Corporation have consented, that the Light-Houses, Buoys, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, herein after authorized to be erected "Band placed, shall and may be " erected, placed, and maintained " according to the Directions oif " this Act."

To leave out " or real and personal 36.5 "Estate together,

Ct

«C

cc

cc

cc

cc

Pr. a.

1- 35-1 & q6.y

Pr. 15, 1. 1.

1.

To leave out " any" and insert " a " certain " inllead thereof.

To leave out " distinguishing " and insert " distinguishable " inllead thereof.

Pr. 30, 1. 20. After "of" to insert "thelaid Corporation gf Trinity , and of."

Pr. 60,

796

14° Ma li.

A. 1776.

Transportation;

Bill for dunging that Punishment.

Journal,

Ac.

Chaplain of the House.

Chatham

Streets.

Pn 60, 1. 54. To leave out from the beginning of the Line to " Provided," in Line 10.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the 1 louie; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a Light-House, or Light-Houses, and Land-Marks, in or near the Port of Chester; and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester-, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. IVilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to authorize the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations j and to establish proper Places lor the Reception of such Offenders: And that the Lord

North, Mr. Eden, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Sir Grey Cooper, Lord John Sir

George Smile, Mr. Burke, Mr. and Sir Richard

Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-fifth Volume, lx* printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, ol John Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the lame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plcaled to order the Sum of Six hundred Pounds to be advanced to John HatJ'ell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards

defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-fifth Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plcaled to order the further Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be advanced, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Parliamentary and other Records as His Majesty shall think fit; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

1 Resolved, Nomine Contradirente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to confer some-Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Arthur Chaplain to this

House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

v A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Montagu:

* ' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, have agreed to the - Bill, intituled,. An Act to explain -and'amemi an A&> made in the Twelfth

i ....

Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of Mar-

garet and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The l-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Grounds, in the Tythings or Liberties of Eothervvile , and Blagrove, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof; without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Rest or of the Parish Church in

the County of Gloucester, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there for other Lands more conveniently situated, the Property of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, in the Hamlet of Willianifirip, adjoining to the said Parish of

Hatherop; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed- Bill for Relief of Insolvent 'Debtors, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for the Relief of Thomas Toucher, a Lunatic.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackwortdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize, for a Time to be limited, the Punishment by h^rd Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are now liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantation', was read the Third Time:

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing, That the Overseers of Places of Confinement shall make Returns to the Court of King’s Bench, and Judges of Assize.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon thq Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6, 1. 36. To leave out from *l as" to " shall" in 1. 39, and insert " the Court " into which such Returns shall be made, as herein after mentioned," instead thereof.

Pr. 7, 1. 4, rTo leave out " Justices of the Peace & 5.J " in Quarter Sessions," and insert

I "‘ laid Court" instead thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be. An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment by hafd Labour of Offenders, who for

certain

EftflbwTT

Indofuni.

Salford

Charity.

Hat^ero*

Exchange.

Insolvent

Debtor*.

Transnortstionf Bill for c^andne that PunilUtijenr.

General lade* to the Journals.

Jenkins*

Divorce.

Duke of St. Albans Estates*

16 Geo. III. 14-210 Mai/. 797

certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be t ran Imported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee who are appointed to consider of a Method of completing the General Index to the Journals of this House, and to appoint proper Persons for executing the lame; and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House was moved. That the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon that Day Seven night, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Jenkins,

Clerk, with Mary Jenkins, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 5

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Bay Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Marti: > 210 die Matt \

was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill, With the Amendment, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr; Salufbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with One Amendment, to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Salufbury Brereton reported froth the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- att* tuled, An Act for applying the Money to arise by Sal* of certain Mdfuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, deviled by the Will of EdmtmJ EJlcourt,

Esquire, deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Manlion House upon the settled Estates late of the said Edmund EJl court, at Moyne

and Dovel, in the County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the ancient Mansion House now Handing thereon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee i and that the Committee had directed him to report t'ne Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the BUI in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salufbury Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Anna 16 Georgii III. Regis, 1776. Mr. Salufbury Brereton reported from the Committee, iteywdoi'*

p to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

Y An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Peter Jokn

MR. Salufbury Brereton reported from the Com- Hey wood, Esquire, in the Isle of Man, called fie

mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Nunnery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out Lords, intituled, An Act for re-vesting Part of the the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of

real and personal Estates of the Most noble George Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great

Duke of Saint Albans in him, and for other Purposes tain, called England, to be settled in lieu of the said

therein mentioned, was committed; That the Com- Estates in the Isle of intended to be sold, was

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and committed; That the Committee had examined the

fliund the same to be true; and that the "Parties con- Allegations of the BUI, and found the same to her

cemed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Commit- Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

tee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amend- mittee; and that the Committee had directed him <0

ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment;

report to the House; and he read the "Report in his And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table*

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- . And the said Bill was read the Third Time,

ment in at the Clerk’s Table;: "Where the Amendment Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

was read; and is as followeth; viz. \ Ordere, That Mr. Salufbury do carry the

Pr. 53, 1. 15. At the end of the Line, insert, Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this

" And that it shall and may be House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amenct-

" lawful to and for the said Truf- ment.

" tees, and the Survivor of them,

" and' the Heirs and Assigns of Sir George Tonge reported from the Committee, to " such Survivor; and they are whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, JEfores.

" hereby authorized and impow- An Act to enable certain Persons, during the successive " ered, to complete and effectually Minorities of Sir William Molesworth, Bardhet, and his " carry into Execution, any Con- Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates devised to " tract or Agreement heretofore them by the W ill of Sir William M or ice. Baronet, deentered into by them, or by ceased, was committed; That the Committee had exathe said John Sky finer, Esquire, mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same " or any of them, with Mef- to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given " sieurs Robert, James, and William their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of ’ the " Adam, for granting any Lease or Committee; and that the Committee had directed him " leases of the Estates and Pre- to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendmises in or near Durham Yard ment: And He delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s " in the County of Middlesex, as Table. .

" fully and effectually to all In- And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

" tents, as if this Act had not Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

" been made." Ordered, That Sir George Tonge do carry the

The laid Amendment being read a Second Time, Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this

35. 9R

Whitfield*!

&(bte*.

Mont fort’s Marriage Settlement.

Bentinck’s

Effetes.

a i5 Mail. 177

House kith agreed to the lame, without any Amendment*

Sir Charles Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Esquire, to

charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton, in the Manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had' examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to repoit the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Lord Monts situate in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, Underwoods, Timber, and other Trees, growing and being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trull, to be sold and disposed of in Manner therein mentioned, and for applying the Monies to arise by Sale thereof in the Manner therein allb mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trfle; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenyns do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Lord RdwardBentinck reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk; the Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates, late of John Albert Bentinck, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in

Trull, to fell, mortgage, or exchange, any Part or Parts thereof, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements on the said Estates, and ia completing Purchases of Lands agreed for by the said John Albert Bentinck, and for other Purposes; and for laying out the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, -to be settled to the feme Uses, as are now fubflfting concerning the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-section of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Tabie.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Lord Edward Bentinck do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, tlat this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Luther reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to Sir John Abdy, Baronet, deceased, at Bishop's,

in the County of Wilts, and of Timber Trees growing on his Estates in the County of Essex, and allb of his Medals and Coins, for paying off and discharging certain Incumbrances aftefting his real Estates in Essex; and for laying out the Residue of the Monies anting by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the feme Uses as his Estates in Essex now Hand settled by his Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bail, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he. delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Luther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; Vnd that the Parties concerned had given their Consens to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the CommitteeV and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Henry Stapilton, Esquire, at Wighill, in the County of the City of York, in the said Henry , in Fee Simple;

and for settling iu lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Henry Stapilton, lying contiguous to, and interlpetfed with, the Remainder of the said settled Estates, and also the Tythes thereof and of such Remainder to the feme Uses* was committed; Tlut the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given thf ir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Sir George Savile do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Strahan. reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Corfemkhaet, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of Isabel Gordon of Culvennan, Widow of William Gordon of Greenlaw, Esquire, for her Life, and t and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan,

Esquire,

AWv*

Estate*

Smith's

Estates*

Stapilton’*

Estates.

GorrfOn’s

Estate-

Supply Bill.

Ditto.

Exchequer Mil* Bill.

insolvent

Debtor*.

Turnpike Roads; Breadth of Wheels.

Exporting

Provisions,

&c.

16 Geo. III. 2i6

fcfquire, her eldest Son, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the feme Conditions and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, by John Mof and Jean Gordon his Wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander Gordon and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of , and others,

lying in the County of Wigton, together with the Sum of Onethousend Nine hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Sterling, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Strahan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several L>vities on Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon Cards, H>iee, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two Mill-lions by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities; without any Amendment: And. also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money t>y Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou — fend Seven hundred and Seventy-six j without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce- into " One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in u being, for regulating the Turnpike TLoads in that " Part of Great Britain called Engl and and for other Purposes," which relates to the Oounter-sinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all vWaggons, Wains, and other Carriages, to be used on Turnpike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gage of Six Inches, or upwards; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of

Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint , and

to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of Englandtrading to the East Indies, and of Bii'cuit and Pease to Nova

Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador j and for indemnify-

ing all Persons with resped to advifinjg or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation ot Wheat and other Articles; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Vox.. 35.

Act for dividing and indoting certain Open Common CorhrMge Fields, Stinted Failures, and Commons, Moors, or hdofure.

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Gorbridge, in the County of Northumberland) without a/ty Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation for allowing Corn* Grain, and Flour, imported into the Corn,

Port of Pteflon, to be landed without Payment of the 0 Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " __ regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An soften Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable IncWure.

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open Lands and Grounds, within the Township of , in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Use Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Crick Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common tnclosure. Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, of and within the Parish and Liberties of Crick, in the County of j

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bilton Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, lodofure. Common Pastures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Bilton, in the County of the City of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An WeedonBtck Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Ldofurt, mon Fields, Comifton Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in Over IVeedon Beck and Nether IVeedon Beck, within the Parish and Liberties of IVeedon Beck, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads v

in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middle-sex-, and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hamp* stead, and from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at ljlington, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said firstr mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road near Queens Row to;

and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty *°*i3. King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from' the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Or let on, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Chester Porv Act for erecting a Light-I Ioufe, or Light-Houses, and Land-Marks in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively; without any Amendment: And also.

The I-oixls have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Ad

Turnpike

Roads; Breadth of Wheels.

Sandwich

Eraina^e.

Poor

Returns.

Tnihfportarion;

Bill for changing that Punishment.

Hatherop

Exchange.

General Index to the Journals.

Poor

Returns.

800

21* Mail

Act for suspending; for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, " and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General " Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads " in that Part of Great Britain rolled and for

" other Purposes," as is to subject Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage than Six Inches, to the Payment of double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts for leafing Tolls; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers, for several Limits in the Eastrm Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds vuiinn the General Vallies; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for obliging the Oveneers of the Poor within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon Oath to certain Questions, specified in the Act, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to

cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons; with some Amendments, to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are or Shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesties Colonies and Plantations; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of in the County of Gloucester, to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there for other Lands more conveniently situated, the property of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, in the Hamlet oilVilliamftrip, adjoining to the said Parish of Hatherop, was read a Second Time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Popham, Mr. Rous, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do fit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 13th Day of this lnilant A lay, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Progress that has been made by the several Persons appointed by Mr. Speaker, to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to eonfider of a Method of completing the said General Index, and to appoint proper Persons for executing the fame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon Oath to certain Questions, specified in the Act relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, ai

and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2, 1. 12. Leave out " House of Commons," and insert " Parliaments."

1. 13. Leave out "to have," and insert "that." 1. 14 7 Leave out " properly abstracted and & 15.3 " communicated to, " and insert

" may be inspected by."

1. 28. Leave out " September," and insert " October."

Pri 4, 1. 29. After " Peace," insert " or the Adjournment thereof."

Pr. 7, 1. 10. Leave out "And be it further Enacted, " that this Act shall be deemed and " taken to be a Public Act, and be " judicially taken Notice of as such, " by all Judges, Justices, and other " Persons, without specially pleadthe fame."

1. 35. Leave out " House of Commons," and insert " Parliaments."

In the Title of the Bill,

Leave out "House of Commons," and infeit " Parliaments."

The Four first of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words: " which " Adjournment the Justices, at such Quarter Sessions,

" are required to make to some convenient Day, within " One Week after the said Twentieth Day of , in

" Cafes*where such Returns shall not be made at the said " Michaelmas Quarter Sessions."

And the same was. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

alien the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Hi at Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships, with an Amendment to One of them; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, re-building, or repairing Parsonage Houses, and for erecting or repairing other necessary Buildings upon the Glebes belonging thereto, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire how far the Orders, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Relief, Employment, Clothing, Maintaining, Ordering, and Regulating the Poor, within the several Houses of Industry. and Public Workhouses established by Act of Parliament, specially made, and to the Buildings provided for their Reception, and with respect to Vagrants and Houses of Correction, have beep complied with,

and

Parsonage

House*.

Poor

Committer

of

Inquiry.

t(> Geo. III. at* Mali.

and to make Report thereof to the House j and also to that thii House Cannot but receive the moll fihcere Sa- 1

consider what further Information may be necessary to , tisfaction from ivery Event which contributes to1 Hdr belaid before this House, as a Foundation for making Majesty’s Domestic Happiness.

effectual Provision for the better Employment, Relief, Ordered, That Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Ir-

and Maintenance of the Poor, the apprehending and Sir Cooper, Sir Charles Cocks, Mr.

passing of Vagrants, and for regulating Houses of Cor- Brereton, Mr. De Mr. Charles and, Mr.

rection, within that Part of Great Britain called England; ,do attend- Her Majesty with the said MeHages '

and who were instructed to inquire into the Manage- ' . "

ment, Relief, and Employment of the Poor, in the fe- Mr. Comptroller of the Hotilhold repbrted- to the c^'*la veral Parishes and Places within the Bills of; Mortality, House, that their Address of last (that His MhA House,

and of the Expences attending the fame, and to report jesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity a State thereof, with their Opinion thereupon, from time in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Arthur Onslow, to time, to the House; That the-Committee had fur- Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Mather considered the Matters to them referred y and had jesty} and that 'His Majesty had. commanded; him to annexed to the Report, byway of Schedule, Abstradb acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity of the several Returns referred -to, and called for, by in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Onslow, as

them; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, is deli red.

together with the Resolution of the Committee there- Mr. Comptroller of the Householdalfo reported to the toon, to the House; and he read the Report in his House, that their Addnesses of Tuesday last (that His Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Majesty woulid be gracidully pleased to order the Sum Table: Where the'lame was tead; and the Resolution of Six Hundred Pounds to be advanced to of the Committee is as followeth; viz. Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cornmittee, Expence of printing the Journal of 4this House, frocA That the said Abstracts may be a Foundation for this ^e End of the last Session of Parliament to the House to make effectual Provision for the better Epa- this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-fifjh ployment. Relief, and Maintenance of the Poor, the Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences apprehending and passing of Vagrants, and for regu- have been, or (hall'be, ineutred on Account of the lating Houses of Correction, within that Part of Great printed Journals and Reports of this House; and tmo Britain called England. the further Sum of Three thousand -Pounds to be

The laid Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tine House; One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Copies of such Ordered, That the said Report, with' tl\e Schedule Parliamentary and-other Records, as His Majesty shall thereunto annexed, be printed. think fit, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will

The said Report is preferred amongst the other make good the lame) had been presented to His M^-Papers of this Session. jesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original. acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as

: de fired by the said Addresses.

Transport^ion; _ The House proceeded to take -into ConfiHeration the

B'11 . Amendments made by the fords to the Bill, intituled* A Meftage by Sit Francis Gentleman Ulh'ct

for ctatuing Arj Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the PunHh- of the Black Rod:

Pwnfliment. ment. by hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain ' Mr. Speaker,: , ‘ „

Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to The fords, authorized- by vlrtde1 of His Majesty’^ any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations. Commission, for declaring His Royal Aifient to several

' - And the said Amendments were read; and are as -Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the Imjric-

followeth; viz. - diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the I loul^ .

Pr. i, 1. 5. Leave out " and the Dominion of of Peers, to hear the'Commission rratj,:

<c Wales." - Accordingly Mr. Speaker, "with the House,' WCnt up

L 25. After "England,* leave out " Of to the House of Peefsi t

"Wales." - -> - And being retulned; .: ' ’

Pr. 2, 1. 1.7-Leave out " or the Dominion of ' Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, ’dt tfje Bc-& 2.3 " Wales." i; ’ fire of the fords authorized by virtue of Tfis: Majesty’s

1. 39. After " England,’* leave' out or the Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of

" Dominion of PWa/es" Peers, where a Commission: under the Great! Seal vfcas Pr.. 4, 1. 10. After " England',*'leave out " of read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Roydl Af-

" Wales." ' 1 font to the several Public and Private Bills therein

Pr. 7, I.27; 7 foave out " or the Dominion of fnentioned, and also impowering the jpord Arch bilb of h28.j " Wales": of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of "Great

Pr. 8, 1. 21. Leave out " or the Dominion of the Lord President of the Council, the Lord

" Wales." Privy'Beal, and several other Lords, to declare and

Pr. to, I.34.I Leave out "and the Dominion of notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the

&35./ "’Wales." - ’ Lord Afdibishop of Canterbury, the Lord High

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord President Time, were, upon the Question feve rally put thereupon; of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the agreed to by the House. " Royal Aflerit to the said Bills; which Bills are as fol-

Ordered, That1-' Sir Charles ff/~/zrfrztaorth do cany th<? loweth; viz, .

Bill to the fords; and acquaint them, that this House ' An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Mdhey by Doans hath agreed to the Amendments made by:their Lordships-;' or Exchequer Bills,'for the Service of the <Yeat One

tlioufahd Seven hundred and Seventy-six:

Addref* . Resolved,- Neniitte ContradiceHte*That a Message bd An Act for granting to HisJ Majesty several Duries

to the lent to thfe-Queen, to congratulate Her Majesty on the' on Coaches, and other Carriages, therein mentioned:

gucen Birth of another Princess, and on Her Majesty’s happjf and federal Fates and Duties upon Indentures, Ltafes,

JSirtl/of a Recovery; to repeat to Her Majesty those ExpH-eflfdn? Bonds," and "other Deeds, and upon Cards, Dice, arid.

Princess. of unfeigned Regard -and Atracrhrraent, which are so- Newi Papers^ and for raising the -Suitt of Two A|il-

justiy* due, to Her- Majesty’s Virt ucs-l a grateful lions by-Annuities, and a Lottery so-be^rtentfed with,

and -affrdtiomUA. Pebple; and to assure -Lier Majesty,* Anxiuities: . 1 *t ..... v s.'

iV®*. 35. 9 s .‘ An

o?

3i 'Mail

A. 177^.

to

Bib.

Royal Afeat An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sufo

of One Million,. for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland* and the British Dominions in Europe -, and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland:

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon tire Exportation of Mullins and Cal* licoes imported by the East India Company, in the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, and One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four; for allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unfold on the Fifth Day of April One thou* land Seven hundred and Seventy-six, and also such Hohca Teas as shall be imported On or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee; and for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three:

An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the commiting of Frauds by Bankrupts," and allb an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to prohibit the impor-u tation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign " Countries, into Great Britain or , and to re-

" strain the tender thereof beyond a certain Sum An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in , and to the 111 and of

Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay , and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution ffis Majesty’s Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles:

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cafes:

An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of to be landed without

Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Com, Grain, and Flour, is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the j 3th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the importation and Exportation of Corn An Act for erecting a Light-House, or Light-Houses, and Land-Marks, in or near the Port of Chester; and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and, Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and Persons towing or tracking of Yefljtls to and from the City of Chester -, and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively: I

An Act to declare His Majesty’s natural born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that Payt of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother Were Aliens:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for fevepl Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain fnd improve the Lands and Grounds within The General Vallies:

An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re-" duce into one Act of Parliament the General Laws " now in beingj for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for if

" other Purposes," which relates to the Courtterfinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and other Carriages, to be used of Turnpike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gage of Six Inches, or upwards:

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands, belonging to the Poor of , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made io the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching* the Streets and Lanes, in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town:

An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate GatehouseMid Hampstead, and other* Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex-, and also to continue and render more effectual an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampjtead, and from St. Giles's Pound to , to

make a new I toad, from the great Northern Road at IJliugton, to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-menrioned Acts; and for making a Road, from the said new Road near (Queen's Row to Bagmgge Waft -, and for watering, lighting, and watering the said Roads:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of in the County of Salop, through IVoaf erton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the County of Hereford:

An Act for vesting in Trustees the settled Estate of the Most noble Peregrine Duke of Ancaster and Kef even, in the County of York, to difduuge Incumbrances assessing the fame, and other Part of the said settled Estates; and for purchasing of Estates to be settled to she several Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Free School House, Dwelling House for the Matter and Uftier, Close, land other Premises thereto belonging, in Courtenhall, in the County of Northampton, in Sir William Wake, Baro-

net, and his Heirs, upon the Conditions therein men-tioned:

An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Sir Charles Whitworth, in the County of Somerset-, and for exonerating the lame, and his Estates in t lie County of Kent, from the Portions of his yoongpr Children* provided by his Marriage Settlement:

An Act to enable William and Thomas

Francis, Esquires, to make a Title to certain Lease-hold and Copyhold pftates of Thomas Ef-

quire, deceased:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates late of John Leigh, Esqcirc, deceased, for Payment of Mortgages, and other Debts, to which the said Estates ate liable and for other Purposes therein mentioned r An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Robert. Dolman, Esquire, and Robert Dolman the Younger, in Pocklington, and elsewheje, in the County of York,

in Tsu.fteeb to be sold* and fot laying gut the Money

aristo g

(6 Geo. III.

2 I

2 2* J/tf/V.

803

trifing by such Sole in the Purchase df other Lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the feme Uses: *

An Act for Veiling an Estate in the County of Middlesex, which was settled by Richard Esquire,

deceased, on his Marriage with Poolley ff'’ah on, in

Lieutenants and Officers in the Militia, for the Year 1775, which have been transmitted to His Majesty-’s principal Secretary of State.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the fejd Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to

Trustees, in order that the feme may be conveyed to be perused by the Members of the House.

Matthew Hunter, and his Heirs, pursuant to an Agreement made by him for the Purchase thereof j and for

investing the Purchase Money in Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; and for other Euiposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming the Settlements made by Charles Fere Dashwood, Esquire, in Satisfaction of certain Articles entered into by him previous to his Marriage, and during his Infancy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of fPittiam

Vpfold, Gentleman,' in the County of Middlefeoe and City of London, in Trustees, to be sold; and for pvirchafing other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Ufesi

An Act for vesting Two Sixth Parts of the Estates -----, .....----- — , -

late of Stanhope Mason, Gentleman, deceased, in Enz~ fw the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared

The feid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bi(l from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend John , Clerk, with

Mary Jenkins his now Wife, and to enable hipi to marry again j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Adair took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Adaptreported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses,

leakinv's

Divorce.

before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Adair do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath,

land and Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold stnd for purchasing other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting several Estates late of Samuel

Shepheard, of Exning, in the County of Suffolkr, Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for purctiaXing other Estates, to be conveyed to the like Uses j and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and agreed to the f^une, without any Amendment.

Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable G rounds, in

the Tythings or Liberties of EqJUmry, otherwise Iflntry» Ordered, That the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Reafoaa and Blagrove, in the Parish of Chipping Lam borne, in the Customs, or One of them, do attend this House To- to County of Berks: morrow Morning, to alfiga the Reasons why the dif- w *

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and ferent Papers required to be laid before this House Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- (by the Order on the Commissioners of the Customs,

of Monday the 6th Day of this Instant May) are not yet presented to the House; and, in case there are any sufficient Reasons why the Whole of the Articles di* minded by the said Order, are not presented to the House, that in such same the proper Officers do forthwith lay before this House such Papers included in the feud Order as are prepared.

why Paper, OrtonA

are no*

o€ and within the County of

dows, and other Commonable Lands, the Parish and liberties of Crick, in Northampton:

An Act for dividing and 'mdofing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Qotnmon Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and in Over IVeedon Beck and Nether Wee don Beck, within the Parish and Liberties of Wet don Beck, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Stinted Pastures, and Common Moors or Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Corbridge, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, and other Open Land* and Grounds, within the Township of p0ston, in the East Riding of the County of York;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of in the County of York:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, with tire Right honourable Lady Sarah Lenox, his now W ife j and to enable him to marry again > and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the' House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock-

Mervurii> 22° die Maii;

Anno i6* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1776.

Prayers.

MR. fftncluombe Bartley reported from the C mittee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from

*EUtia.

Nix. Eden presented to the House, purftaat to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Copies of several other Returns. of t,bc Militia, at the Time of Annual Exercise, in the Year 1775; And also, -

Copies of such Qualifications of the Deputy lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, lor the Year

Com-the

Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Batkerop, in the County of Gletuefter to exchange Part of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands more conveniently situated, the Property of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, in the Hamlet of WUHemfirip*

adjoining to the said Parish of Batkerop, was commit* fed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned foul given their Consent to the Rill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the

Hzthetvp

JExjGhMOg€m

the Militia, Year 1775, Committee had directed him tat report the Bill to the

as have been transmitted to Irlis ,lVl^jeitys principal House, without any Amendment: And he debused the

Secretaries of State: And also, . Bill.in at the Clerk’s Table. . *;

Copies of Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy And the saud Bill was read the ThitdTime.^ ' Vou 35.

Mebfaed,

8°4

22° Mali.

; A. ig*?6-

Supply Bill.

Duke of St. Albans Estates.

.k. *

Resolvetdj-That the BUI do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winchcombe Hartley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. 'Pepysr

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking. Fund j. and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the -Royal Navy,; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other- Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed; 'without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-vesting ' Part of the real and personal Estates of the Most noble George Duke of Saint Albans in him, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also.

f The Lords hat#agreed:to the' Anfendnfent ’made by this House to the Amendments made by the Lords -to the Bill, intituled, An Act for obliging the Overseeds of the Poor, within the federal Parishes* and Places within-that Part of Great Britain called England, te make Returns upon Oath to certain Questkxis. specified in the Act, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns Upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Commons, i And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Attorney General reported to the House, according to Order, .;

An Account of what Proceedings have been made in the Piiofecutions again dRith Brand

Hollis, James Calthorpe, and Esquires, pursuant to the Directions of, this House in the last Session of Parliament. r*

And he delivered the said Report in at the Clerk’s Table:. Where the same was rend; and is as followeth; viz. ' .'

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

fThe Proceedings against Richard Smith, Thomas Brand Hollis, James Calthorpe, and Richard Beckford, Esquires, j so far as the same are of Record, appear in the Copies of the Records hereunto annexed.

The Two last were tried and acquitted by the Jury, but the Pofteas arc not yet brought in*

j The Two. first have not yet received Sentence, but they stand committed for Judgment.:

All which is humbly submitted to this Honourable House.

E.

22 May 1776.

General Index to the Journal*.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, be perused -by. the Members of the House.

t . ;N. B. The Copies of the Records which were annexed: to the . laid Report being ordered to be i: :printed by.a subsequent Order, of the House

made this Day j the fame, together with a printed Copy thereof, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of a Method of completing the "General' Indexto'lhe Journals of this House, and to appoint proper Persons for executing the same; and who were instructed to»consider what further Recompence should be made to the Persons who have been employed to make the said General Index,’ over and above what they have already received, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him ’to report to the House; and- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the feme, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as jplJoweth, viz. -

.. The Report from the former Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Progress that has been made by...the several Persons appointed-by Mr. Speaker to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, was read.

_ Then Mr. Speaker being present, and bring defiroui ®f giving the; Commitfee what Information he could, relative! to the Subject of their Enquiry, was asked what be. knew idpecting the Progreis that has been made in the compiling tht General Index to the Jour-16 -

Poor

Return*

Hi Triton Election*

nals of this House ? and he informed your Committee, That a General Plan having been settled and agreed upon, and the Gentlemen employed to do the Work having accepted different Parts of the Journals to be executed upon that Plan, he frequently prefied for a Completion of their respective Shares, and being promised by them, that they would deliver in their Work during the course of this Session; that on or about the 19th of April last a Meeting was had at his House, at which were present Mr. Tucker (a Member of this House), - Mr. Ley, (the Clerk Assistant,) and the several Gentlemen employed in the Work; that Mr. Ley, at his (Mr. Speaker’s) Desire, took down from the Gentleman’s Mouths, what they had done respecting the Work they had been engaged in: Which appeared upon a Paper produced to your Committee by Mr. Speaker; who added, that it was read in the Presence of all th^ Gentlemen. — -And your Committee, upon examining into the said Paper, found it to be wrote all in Mri Ley's Hand W'riting (except Dr. Flexmau's Explanation, which is in his Hand Writing).

Then the said Paper was read; and is hereunto annexed, by way of Appendix, N° 1. (

- And Mr. Speaker being asked, What was the State of the Money voted and expended since the 'Commencement of the Work ? . ..

He; produced to your Committee, an Account of the feme; by which it appears, that there is a Balance due to Mr. Speaker, of f. 127. 7 6 — And Mr. Speaker

further recommended to your Committee, to procure for Mr. Style (who has been very assistant in, this Work,' and is now very infirm, being near Eighty Years of Age, and has been employed for several Years before in the Rufincfs of the House) 100 over and above, what he has already received,

... - - You

V

16 Geo. III. 2 Maii.

Your Committee have also hereunto annexed the above Account, in Appendix, N° 2.

Then your Committee called Mr JVfoore-,

and the Paper and Account delivered in by Mr. Speaker being read to him, he confirmed the lame.

And being asked, How he reconciled the Account in that Paper with his Evidence given at a. former Committee (which was read to him from the Report) where lie said, " it would still require Three Years " longer to complete the Index to his Period F* he informed your Committee, That with regard to the Time he said he IliOuld take to complete the Work, he included Two Volumes more than are mentioned in the Paper alluded to.

And being asked. If those Two Volumes were omit1 ted, what Time he would still require to complete his Work for the Press, including the yid Volume? he informed your Committee, That he luppoled he could finish in about One Half the Time that he mentioned at the former Committee. — And the Witness added further, That when he told Mr. Speaker his Work was finished, lie only meant as to the full Collection of the Matter; but that there stili remained to collate what he had done, to number his Heads, in order to make the necessary References, and to incorporate his Index with the other Indexes, in case Incorporation had been thought proper; and also to add the alphabetical Lift of Names of Persons and Places, which was a Fropolal of his own, and no Part of the original Plan.

Then Mr. Timothy Cunningham being called 5 and the Paper and Account delivered in by Mr. Speaker being read to him, he confirmed the lame.

And being asked. How he reconciled the Account in that Paper with his Evidence given at a former Committee, where he said, " he had as yet done but about " a Fourth Part of the Work, and that it would still " require Two Years longer to finish the Whole?" he answered. That he was of Opinion* that as the other Gentlemen had made an untrue Repreleotation to Mr, Speaker (which he then thought to be the Oafe, but is now sensible that he was under a Mistake') he had' as good a Right to make an untrue Representation as them, especially as he knew in Point- of InduftVy he was equal to any, perhaps to all of them; having this Idea of Completion or Finiftring, that it must be so prepared, and so ready, as to deliver it to the Printer* Without having any other Alteration than the Correction of the Press, which was not the Cafe.

And being asked, If he now adheres to his Account

fiven to the former Committee, with regard to One ourth of the Work being only completed? he answered, To the Bell of his Opinion he did; and that in Confirmation of what he had laid, he referred to the Evidence of the Gentlemen examined before the former Committee, who now have required more Time, although they laid before Mr. Speaker they were ready.

Then your Committee called' the Reverend Roger Flexman-, and the Paper and Account delivered in by Mr. Speaker, being read to him, he confirmed the lame.

And the Explanation as ment ioned to be wrote by the Witness :n the Paper delivered in by Mr. Speaker, being read to the Witness, he confirmed the fame.

And being asked, Whether lie adheres to his Evidence given before the former > Committee, " that he " could finish his Period of the Four Volumes within " a Twelvemonth?" he answered. That, agreeable to his former Explanation to ]\Tr. Speaker, and to his Evidence given at the former Committee, he adhered to his Opinion, that he would be ^.ble to finish his Period within a Twelvemonth, or perhaps lei's.

Then your Committee called the Reverend Nathaniel Forjler; and the Paper and Account delivered in by Mr. Speaker, being read to bim, he confirm^ the lame.

Vol. 35.

And being asked, Whether lie adheres to the Opi- r 1 nton which he expressed at the former Committee, 2S«

" that his Work might be finished within a Year ?" '0 the

he answered, within a Year or less. Journals;

Your Committee having carefully compared the above Evidence with the Report of the former Committee, which has been referred to their Consideration, and having also further examined the Four different Indexes, are inclined to agree in Opinion with your former Committee; That the best Method to complete the General Index, fq is not to lose the Benefit of the Work already done, will be to comprise the Whole unde?

Three Forms of Indexes, with a proper Explanation to fcach: And as Mr. Cunningham, who had undertaken the first Seven Volumes of the Journals, has informed your Committee, that lie has as yet finished only One Fourth of the said Work, your Committee are of Opinion, that it will be proper to dire ft him to difeon-tinue the present Form of Index on which he has been hitherto employed, and to adopt in its room the Reverend Roger Flexman's Form of Index, and to complete

his whole Period, confiding of the fird Seven Volumes of the Journals, agreeable to that Form.

And as it appears to your Committee, that all the Three Indexes may* in a short Time, be finished, your Committee think it advisable to direct the Reverend Nathaniel Forjler, the Reverend Roger , Mr.

Edward Moore, and Mr. Cunningham, to proceed in the

Execution of their Work, and each to complete tht Index for his Period with as much Diligence and Ditpatch as possible, making such further Irtiprovcmentsor’Alterations in the Execution of their Plan, as shall be approved of by any Members that the House may think proper to appoint to superintend this Work. — Your Committee also think it proper that £.1,200 should be immediately advanced to Mr. Edward Moore, to be distributed bf him iri Manner following i viz.t £. oooo to each of the hour Gentlemen employed on the General Index, to enable them to go on with their Business.

£. 127 to pay the Balance due upon the Account produced by Mr. Speaker i And,

£. 100 to be paid to Mr. Style; and the Remainder to pay Fees arid Contingences.

But at the same Time your Committee think it their Duty to give it as their Opinion, that all these Gentlemen will be entitled to an ample and liberal Compenia-tion for their Labour, when the Work is finished; but what the Amount of that Compensationlhould be, your Committee will not at present attempt to ascertain; as the Merit of the Work in general, as well as of each distinct Part, will best appear when the Whole is brought to a Conclusion.

Upon the Whole, your Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Reverend Roger Fl the Reverend Na~ thanid Forjler, Ml". Edward Moore, arid Mr. Cunnings ham, be directed to proceed in the Execution of tli^ Work undertaken by them, and to complete the Inde^ of their separate Periods with all Diligence an^i Dispatch.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee -That the Chairman be directed to move the House, tha£ an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be gracidufly pleated to direct the Sum of £. 1,200 to be' advanced to Mr, Edward Moore, to be applied by him in defraying the Expences which have been already incurred in the making a General Index to the Jourfials of this House, and to enable the several Persons employed therein to proceed in the further Execution of the said Work; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will'make good the fame.

4 T APPENDIX,

Diaitized-hv

8o6 22° M^.1776.

APPENDIX, N*

General Mr. Cunningham has completed the Index to the Jouf-Index nals for the first Seven Vols. to the 12 Car. 2. to the

Journals. j)r piexma^ has completed the Index of the 8th, 9th, 10th, and nth Vols. from 1660 to 1697 inclusive.

Mr. Forjler has finished the Index of the 12th and 13th Vols.; also a separate Index of the 14th, 15th, 16th, and 17th Vols. to the End of Q. Anne.

Mr. Moore has finished the Index of the 18th Vol. and to the 3 2d inclusive' — has done Part of the 33d, and

means to incorporate that, and the Index of the 34th, with the former, which will complete his Period.

Dr. Flexman hath completed and digested the Materials of the Volumes of his Period; but a fair Transcript of the Arrangement is riot entirely ftnished; this has been solely occasioned by an unhappy Indisposition, affecting his Sight, and the Difficulties he hath met with in procuring the Affillance of proper Araanu-enfes.

APPENDIX, N*2.

An ACCOUNT or the Disposition of the Money received by me, on account of the General Index

to the Journals.

By Cash received at the Exchequer in the

Years 1770, 1771, 1772, 1773, 1774, £ *

and 1775 ----- 3,000 —

3,000 —

By Balance - ... - 127 7

£-3>l27 7

By Cacti paid sundry Fees at the Treasury, f

Exchequer, See. on receipt of the Mo- £ d.

ney, at £. 32. 19J. 6d. per Ann. - VO I.

By sundry Payments to the respective

Persons employed in the Index; viz.

Mr. Moore - - - 63O

Dr Flexman - 650

Mr. Forjler - 540

Mr. Cunningham - 300 — —

Mr. Style - 45°

By Cacti paid Printers 64 10 6

By Fees for passing the Acc* about 75

7 7 6

Flr Norton, Speaker.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Sir Gilbert Elliot moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleated to direct the Sum of £. 1,200 to be advanced to Mr. Edward Moore, to be applied by him in defraying the Expences which have been already incurred in the making a General Index to the Journals of this House, and to enable the several Persons employed therein to proceed in the further Execution of the said Work; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good I he fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of Ills Majesty *s Molt honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Rigby, and Mr. Elives, be desired to take upon themselves the Trouble of superintending the Execution of the Plans undertaken for making Indexes to the Journals of this House, during the next Recess of Parliament; and that they will give Directions for such Alterations and Improvements in the said Plans as they Avail think proper.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report of what Proceedings have been made in the Prosecutions against Richard Smith, Thomas Brand Hollis, James CaE thorpe, and Richard Beckford, Esquires (tins Day patented to the House by Mr. Attorney General) be printed as shall be sufficient for the L ie of the Members of the House.

A Petition

Hindcm

Election.

16 Geo. III. a a0

Shaftesbury A Petition of the Honourable Barthtlortrczxs,

£lettioa. was presented to the House, and read; Setting; forth. That, at the last Elediqnof a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shajtesbury, in the County of Dorset, George Rous, Esquire, and the Petitioner were

Candidates; and representing to the House, that, at the last General Election, many notorious A£Ls of Corruption were practised within the said Borough, by Francis Sykes, Esquire, whole Election and Return for the same were, on account of the said Corruption, declared void; and many of the Eledors of the said Borough, still continuing corruptly attached to the said Francis Sykes, by the aforeliud illegal Practices, were by the personal Solicitations of the said Francis influenced to give their Votes for the said Rous;

and that, by means of these and divers other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, the said George Rous hath been elected and returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest Wrong of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned j and that the Petitioner apprehends, that the said George Rous was not at the Time of the Election, nor is now, possessed of an Estate sufficient to qualify him to fit and vote in this House: And therefore pray--ing the House to fix an early Day for the Appointment of a Committee, to try the Merits of the last Election and Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, upon fVednesday the 19th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Shaftesbury was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County, of Dorset, the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, and George Rous, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Mr. Charles Pinhom presided at the same as Returning Officer, being at that Time Mayor of the said Borough, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the Sitting Member, by receiving on the Poll many Votes in his Favour which ought to have been rejected, and by rejecting many good. Votes which were tendered for the Honourable Bartholomew Bouverie, and ought to have been received; and that, by such Behaviour in the Returning Officer, as well as by Bribery and other illegal and corrupt Practices in the said George Rous, his Friends and Agents, and particularly by the still-continuing Influence of Francis Esquire, over

the Eledors of the said Borough, founded in most notorious and enormous Acts of Corruption, at the last General Election (in Consequence of which illegal Con-dud the said Francis Sykes loft his Seat for the said Borough in this present Parliament) the Return of the said George Rous was procured, in manifest Violation of the Rights of Election, and to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and grant them such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum: '

Inpurfuance of Two Acts made in the 10th and nth Years of His present ih/Iajesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted EJedions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themfel ves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were, ordered to be taken into Considera-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, ecords, as

ihallbe thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petition.

Vo I. 35.

Mail 807

A Petition of the Honourable George Berkeley Glottcefcr

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Election. That an Election of a Member to lerve in Parliament for the County of Gloucester began on the 6th Day of May 1776, at which the Petitioner and William Bromley Chester, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Henry

Lippincott, Esquire, High Sheriff of the same County, shewed great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester, and, in the Course and

Progress of the Poll, rejected great Numbers of Votes of Persons who had a Right by Law to vote, and who offered to vote, and demanded of the said Sheriff to be permitted to vote for the Petitioner; and at length# when a very finall Majority of Votes Appeared upon the Poll in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester, the said Sheriff, in an hasty and precipitate Manner, doled the Books, in Exclulion of the Votes of many Freeholders who were near the Hustings, and ready to have voted for the Petitioner; and that the said Henry Lippincott, the High Sheriff of the said County, did admit a great Number of Persons to vote for the said William Bromley Chester, who had no Right whatever to vote in the Election of a Knight of the Shire to represent the said County in Parliament, although the Petitioner remonstrated against the fame, and required the said Sheriff to reject the Votes of such Persons unqualified as aforesaid; and that the said William Bromley Chester, by the Threats, Promises, and other undue Influence, of his Friends and Agents, did prevail upon divers Persons, who otherwise intended to have voted for the Petitioner, to forbear from voting in the said Election; and in like Manner did attempt and endeavour to persuade divers other Persons from voting for the Petitioner, and, by Threats and Menaces, to intimidate and deter many other Freeholders of the said County from voting for the Petitioner; and that divers Persons, pretending to be Freeholders of the said County, in Right of certain supposed Freehold Leased granted to them by the said William Bromley , and other Persons, offered to vote at the said Election, and were admitted by the said Sheriff to vote for the said William Bromley Chester, although the said Persons had no Freehold Estate whatever in the said County, and notwithstanding the Petitioner and divers Freeholders of the said County did object to the fame, and did request the said Sheriff not to permit such Persons to vote in the said Election; and that, by these illegal Practices the said High Sheriff was induced to return, and did return, the said William Bromley Chester as duly elected, when the Petitioner of Right ought to have been returned duly elected, to represent the said County in Parliament; and that such Proceedings arc in Prejudice of the Rights of a Majority of the legal Eledors of the said County, in Violation and Defiance of the Laws requiring a fair and free Election, and to the manifest Injury of die Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Confederation upon Friday the 21ft, Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are I>jt thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Eledors of the County of Gloucester, for aftd on Behalf of themselves and all other Freeholders of the feme County, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the.

County of Gloucester began on the 6th Day of 1776, at which the Honourable George Cranfeld Berkeley and William Bromley Chester, Esquire, were Candidates, and that Henry Lippincott, Esquire, High Sheriff of the feme County, shewed great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said William Bromley Chester, and, in the Course and Progrefi of the Poll, rejected great Numbers of Votes of Persons who had a Right by Law to vote, and who offered to vote, and demanded of the*'

'feid

♦ > . x* -

douctfter

Eicdion,

?aper» predated;

American

Colonies.

808 23* Mail. A. 1776.

Cud Sheriff to be permitted to Vote for the said George Cronfield. Berkeley; and at Length, when a very small Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll in Favour of the said William Bromley Chefi the said Sheriff, in an

hasty and precipitate Manner, doled the Books, in Ex-clulion of the Votes of many Freeholders, who were near the Buffings, and ready to have voted for the said George Cranfield Berkeley; and that the said Henry pincott, the High Sheriff of the said County, did admit a great Number of Persons to vote for the said William Bromley Cliefier, who had no Right whatsoever to vote in the Election of a Knight of the Shire to represent the said County in Parliament, although the said George Cranfield Berkeley and many Freeholders of the said County remonstrated against the lame, and required the said Sheriff to reject the Votes of such Persons unqualified as aforesaid i and that the said William Bromley Chester, by the Threats, Promiles, and other undue Influence, of his Friends and Agents, did prevail upon divers Persons, who otherwise intended to have voted for the said George Cranfield Berkeley, to forbear from voting in the said Election, and in like Manner did attempt and endeavour to persuade divers other Persons from voting lor the said George Cranfield Berkeley, and by Threats and Menaces, to intimidate and deter many other Freeholders of the said County from voting for the said George Cranfield Berkeley; and that divers Persons, pretending to be Freeholders of the said County, in Right of certain supposed Freehold Leases granted to them by the said William Bromley Cliefier and other Persons, offered to vote at the said Election, and were admitted by the said Sheriff' to vote for the said William Bromley Cliefier, although the said Persons had no Freehold Estate whatsoever in the said County, and notwithstanding the said George Cranfield Berkeley and divers Freeholders of the said County did object to the fame, and did requeff the said Sheriff not to permit such Persons to vote in the said Election , and that, by these illegal Practices, the said High Sheriff was induced to return, and did return, the said William Bromley Cliefier, as duly elected, when the said George Cranfield Berkeley of Right ought to have been returned duly elected, to represent the said County in Par-ment; and that such Proceedings are in Prejudice of the Rights of a Majority of the legal Electors of the said County, in Violation and Defiance of the Laws requiring a fair and free Election, and to the manifest Injury of tire laid George Cranfield Berkeley, and of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

(the like Notices, as in the former Cafes, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Confident tion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

One of the Commissioners of the Customs attending, according to Order, he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the Execution of the Orders . of the House, of the 6th Day of this Instant May, Vn the Commissioners. of the Customs, directing the

Accounts therein mentioned, to be laid before this House.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed, that several of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door j they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated the 27th December 1775: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated nth January 1776: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr, to Mr.

Stanley, dated the 12th January 1776: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Mr.

Stanley, dated the 15th January 1776: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stanley to Mr. Jackson, dated the 17th January 1776: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a letter from Mr. Robinson to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated the 24th January 1776, with Forms of Licences: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 26th January 1776: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Warrant from the Ix>rds Commissioners of the Treasury, to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated 22d February 1776: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated the 27th February 1776; And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commit sioners of the Treasury to the Commissioners of tho Customs, dated the 8th March 1776: And also,

N* n. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 12 th March in6: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Robinson to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated the 15th 1776: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jackson to Mr. Stanley, dated the 15th March 1776: And also,

N.® 14. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 19th March 1776: And allb,

N° 15. Copy of a Warrant from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated the 20th March 1776: And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stanley to Mr. Jackfim, dated the 20th March 1776: And allb,

N° 17. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 29th March 1776: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated the 29th March 1776: And also,

N° 19. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jackson to Mr. Stanley, dated the 29th March 1776: And also,

N® 20. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stanley to Mr. Jackson, dated the 29th March 1776; with Two Accounts: And allb,

N® 2i. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jackson to Mr. Stanley, dated the 30th March 1776; And allb,

N® 22. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Jackson to Mr. Stanley, dated the 30th March 1776: And also,

N® 23. -Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stanley, to Mr. Jackson, dated the 2d April 1776: And also,

N® 24. Copy of a Minute of the Board of Customs, dated 2d April 1776: And also,

N.° 25. Copy, of a Warrant from the-Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Cuf-tcuus, dated 3d April 1776: And allb,

N® 2 6iCopy ofa Letter from Sir to the Commissioners of the' Customs, dated-the 11 th -April 1776.: And also,

N® 27* Copy ofa Minute* of the Board-of Customs, dated 12 th April iy-j6: And also,

N* 28. Copy of a Letter from the Collector and Comptroller of Milford, to the Commissioners of the Customv dated the 2d May. 1776; with Five Licences^ And also,

N® 29.

16 Geo. III. 2 230 Maii. 809

N" 29. Copies of Entries made at the Custom IToufe, in pursuance of Licences from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty: And also,

N° 30. An Account of Goods shipt in pursuance of Licences: And also.

Lift of Out Ports, with the Dates of the Returns, and when received: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Port of , 22d 1776,

Report from the Officers in the Long Room.’*

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Richardson’j The House was moved. That the Petition of recovery Richardson, which was presented to the House upon the of Debt* to 25th Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Crown Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex.an*ine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

American

Colonic*.

A Motion was made, and the Question L>eing put* That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, praying that His Majesty would be graciously plealed to communicate to this House so much of the Instructions given to the Lord Viscount Howe and General,

His Majesty’s Commissioners, as relates to the Conditions on which it is proposed to make Peace with, or receive the Submissions of His Majesty’s American Subjects now in Arms;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,] 85.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it paired in the Negative.

Motion for Address not

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Setting forth. That His faithful Commons, ro prorogue Compliance with the Sentiments and Recommenda-Pariuunent. tions of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech at the Opening of the present Session, have been induced to support His Majesty with very great and expensive Armaments both by Sea and Land, together with many Powers of Coercion and IPunishment of such of His Majesty’s Subjects in sim erica, as are in a State of Itefiftance to His Authority; That His faithful Commons, reposing themselves implicitly upon the Wisdom and Moderation of His Majesty’s Counsels, and without any Communication of the Detail of Matters and Tran lad ions in Aeither from the Governors of the several Provinces, or the Commanders of His Majesty’s Forces, or any Communication of authentic Papers from any of the public Offices corrcf-ponding with the Plantations, which might be explanatory of the Views, Tempers, Forces, Connedions, public Proceedings, Number and IDifpoficion of the Persons discontented and in Arms, have adopted Measures in general Confidence of the Recommendation of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the 1 hrone, without specific Materials of Information, JHis Majesty not having thought proper to refer any such to this House; That His faithful Commons, having repoled a boundless Trust in the Wisdom of His Majesty s Counsels, think themselves so much the more bound to their Constituents, and to their Country, to watch the Powers which they have lb intrusted to His IVlaje y rr*ay not Voi. 35.

be ignorantly or deflrudively applied by his Ministers; and as the Events of this anxious and important Year may probably be decisive to the future Union and Wellbeing of all His Majesty’s Dominions; and as the Advice of Parliament at the shorteft Notice may be of the utmost Importance to the Salvation of these Kingdoms j and as a continued Series of unsuccessful and unpro-mifed Events have attended the Execution of His Majesty’s Counsels for many Months past, from the Loss of Ticonderoga to the Retreat of His Majesty’s Forces from Boston, which seem to betray either Ignorance or

Concealment of the operating Causes which have produced such unexpected Events, and which have occasioned a general Disquietude and Alarm j that His faithful Commons humbly entreat that His Majesty will be graciously pleased not to prorogue the Parliament, but that he will suffer them to continue fitting, by Adjournment, during the Summer, that they may be ready to receive, from time to time, such Information of the Transactionsin America, as His Majesty shall think proper to lay before them, to watch and to provide for every important Event at the earliest Moment;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 230 die Maii;

Anno 16* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1776.

Prayers. *

MR. Eden presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to authorize the Punishment by B\vi hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are for or shall become liable to be transported to any of His purtjfoment. Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations ;and to establish proper Places for the Reception of such Offenders: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Christopher D'Oyley, Esquire, who, since his

Election for the Cud Borough, hath accepted the Office of Commissary General of the Mutters.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of in the room of John Pownall, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Excise.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, ^f/°n Setting forth, That His faithful Commons, in Compliance with the Sentiments and Recommendations of nor His Majesty’s most gracious Speech at the Opening of the present Session, have been induced to support His ar wment- Majesty with very great and expensive Armaments both by Sea and Land, together with many Powers of Coercion and Punishment of such of His Majesty’s Subjects in America as are in a State of Resistance to His Authority: That His faithlul Commons, reposing themselves implicitly upon the Wisdom and Moderation of His

9 Majesty’s

Respectinz Accommodation or Persons

attending the House.

Central Ir.drx to t.^e Journals.

WeiTage to attend v the King.

Royal

A ft turn Bills.

810 23°

Majesty’s Counsels, and without any Communication of the Detail of Matters and TranI'actions in either from the Governor*, of the several Provinces, or the Comranders of His Majesty’s Forces, or any Communication of authentic Papers from any of the public Offices corresponding with the Plantations, which might be explanatory of the Views, Tempers, Forces, Connection5, public Proceedings, Number, and Disposition, of the Persons discontented and in Arms, have adopted Measures, in general Confidence of the Recommendation of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne, without specific Materials of Information, His Majesty not having thought proper to refer any such to this House: That H is faithful Commons, having repoled a boundlefsTruft in the Wisdom of His Majesty’s Coun-iels, think themselves so much the more bound to their Constituents, and to their Country, to watch that the Powers which they have so intrusted to His Majesty, may not be ignorantly or destructively applied by His Ministers; and as the Events of this anxious and important Year may probably be decisive to the future Union and Well-being of all His Majesty’s Dominions; and as the Advice of Parliament at the shortest Notice may be of the utmost Importance to the Salvation of thele Kingdoms; and as a continued Series of unfuc-ceisful and unpromifed Events have attended the Execution of His Majesty’s Counsels for many Months part, from the Lois of Ticonderoga to the Retreat of His Majesty’s Forces from Bojion, which seem to betray either I^horance or Concealment of the operating Causes which have produced such unexpected Events, and which have occasioned a general Disquietude and Alarm; that His faithful Commons humbly entreat that His Majesty will be graciously plealed not to prorogue the Parliament, but that he will suffer them to continue fitting, by Adjournment, ^uring the Summer, that they may be ready to receive from time to time such Information of the Transactions in America as His Majesty shall think proper to lay before them, to watch and to provide for every important Event at the earliest Moment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be desired to give Directions for the preparing and fitting up, during the next Reccfs of Parliament, proper Rooms near the House, for the Accommodation of Persons who are ordered to attend this House.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houftiold reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously plealed to direct the Sum of £.1,200 to" be advanced to Mr. Edward , to be applied by him in defraying the Expences which have been already incurred in the making a General Index to the Journals of this House, and to enable the several Per-lbns employed therein to proceed in the further Execution of the said Work; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir MolyneuXy

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to aUtnd His Majesty, immediately, in the House of

Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out at the Sinking Fund; and for applying 2}

Mail. A. 1776.

certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed:;

An Act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Pur.ishment by hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations:

An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns upon Oath to certain Questions specified in the Act relative to the State of their Poor; and ro authorize and require the Justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and IValec, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments:

An Act for suspending for a limited Time so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called,

and for other Purposes, as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the W'heels thereof of leis Breadth or Gage than Six Inches to the Payment of double Toils; and for vacating Contracts for Leafing Tolls:

An Act for re-vesting Part of the real and personal Estates of the Most noble George Duke of Saint Albans in him, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the real Estates comprised in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Lord Montfort, situate in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the Woods, Underwoods, Timber, and other Trees, growing and being thereon, in Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold and disposed of in Manner therein mentioned; and for applying the Monies to arise by Sale thereof in the Manner therein also mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late belonging to Sir John Abdy, Baronet, deceased, at Bishop's Canning, in the County of Wilts, and of Timber Trees growing oq his Estates in the County of Essex, and also of his Medals and Coins, for paying off and discharging certain Incumbrances affeCl-ing his real Estates in Essex; and for laying out the ltefidue of the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same LTfcs as his Estates in Essex now (land settled by his Will:

An Act for applying the Money to arise by Sale of certain Messuages, situate in Cheapside, in the City of London, devised by the Will of Edmund EJlcourt, Esquire, deceased, to Trustees, to be sold, in the building a Mansion House upon the settled Estates late of the said Edmund EJlcourt, at Shipton Moyne and in

the County of Gloucester, together with the Materials of the ancient Mansion House now (landing thereon:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Peter John Heywood, Esquire, in the Isle of Man, called The Nunnery, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled in lieu of the said Estates in the of Man,

intended to be sold:

An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the several Counties

of

16 Geo. III. 2 3° /kfaii. — 1 811

of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton, and tl\e

Freehold, Copyhold* and Leasehold Effaces, late of John Albert Benlinck, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell, mortgage, or exchange, any Part or Parts thereof; and for- applying the Money to arise thereby in discharging Incumbrances, and making Buildings and Improvements on the said Estates, and in completing Purchases of Lands agreed for by the said John Albert Bentinck, and for other Pu rpoles; and for laying out the Residue of such Money in the Purchase of . other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as are now fub lifting concerning the lame:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Henry Stapilton, Esquire, at in the County of the City of York, in the said Henry , in Fee

Simple; and for lettling in lieu thereof other Lands and Hereditaments of the said Henry lying

contiguous to and interspersed with the Remainder of the said settled Estates, and also the Tythes thereof and of such Remainder to the same Uses:

An Act to enable certain Persons, during the successive Minorities of Sir William MBaronet, and his Brothers, to grant Leases of the Estates devised to them by the Will of Sir William , Baronet,

deceased:

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging- to John,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for settling and securing certain. Barts of the Lands and Barony of Corfemichael, calif I , and

others, lying in the Stewartry of , to and

in Favour of Isabel Gordon, of , Widow of

William Gordon, of Greenlaw, Esquire, for the Life, and to and in Favour of Alexander Gordon, of Ef-

quire, her eldest Son, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand. Seven hundred and Forty-two, by John Mac, of Bar holm, and Jean Gordon his Wife; and for veiling \n the aforesaid Alexander Gordon, and his Heirs' and A.fiigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Culvennan, and others, lying in the County of Wigton, together with the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Sterling:

An Act to enable John Whitfield, Esquire, to charge Part of his settled Estates, in the County of Northampton, in the Manner therein mentioned;

An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish Church of Hatherop, in the County of to exchange

Part of his Glebe Lands there, for other Lands more conveniently situated, the Property of Samuel,

Esquire, in the Hamlet of fVi//iamJlrip, adjoining to the said Parish of Hatherop;

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend John Jenkins, Clerk, with Mary Jenkins, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

whole Course of your important Deliberations, afford Me the highell Satisfaction.

No Alteration has happened in the State of Foreign Affairs since your Meeting; and it is with Pleasure I inform you, that the Assurances which 1 have received of the Dispositions of the several Powers in Europe, promise a Continuance of the general Tranquillity.

Gentlemen of the House of Cotnmons,

It was with real Regret and Concern, that I found Myself under the Necessity of asking of My faithful Commons any extraordinary Supplies: I thank you for the Readinels and Dispatch with which they have been granted; and they are the more acceptable to Me, as you have shewn, in the Manner of raising them, an equal Regard to the Exigences of the Service, and the Ease of My People; and you may be allured, that the Confidence you repose in Me shall be used with proper Frugality, and applied only to the Purposes for which it was intended.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

We are engaged in a great National Cause, the Prosecution of which mud inevitably be attended with many Difficulties, and much Expence: But when We consider that the essential Rights and Interests of the whole Empire are deeply concerned in the Issue of it, and can have no Safety or Security but in that Constitutional Subordination for which We are contending,

I am convinced that you will not think, any Price too high for the Preservation of such Objects.

I will Hill entertain a Hope, that My rebellious Subjects may be awakened to a Sense of their Errors; and that, by a voluntary Return to their Duty, they will justify Me in bringing about the favourite Wilh of My Heart, the Restoration of Harmony, and the Re-establishment of Order and Happiness in every Part of My Dominions. But if a due Submission should not be obtained from such Motives, and such Dispositions on their Part, I trull that I shall be able, under the Blelfing of Providence, to effectuate it by a full Exertion or the great Force with which you have intruded Me.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty’s Command, said,

My Ixtrds, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday the First Day of August fjext, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the First Day ot August next.

nno i6* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1776.

Js Majesty's After which, His Majesty was plea.fed to make a most Spetc,t' gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; v

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Conclusion of the public I3ufinels, and the advanced Scalon of the Year, make it proper for Me to give you feme Recess; but I cannot put an End to this Session, without alluring you, 1 lat the fresh Inllances of your affectionate Attachment to Me, and of your Heady Attention and Adherence to t e rue Interests

of your Country, which you have inewn rough the Vol. 35.

THE House being met, pursuant to the Uft foment Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further

Country; Pror°gned<

A Message was brought from thp Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of H19 Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance- of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly.

812 i° August — 50 Septembris — 150 . A. 1776.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: W here the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 5th Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 5th Day of September next.

Tuesday the 15th Day of Octobe next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 15th Day of October next.

Martisy 150

Jovisy 5* die Septembris;

Anno 160 Georgii III*'* Regis, 1776.

Parliament,

further

prorogued.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Qttarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until

Anno 16* Georgii IIIU* Regis, 1776.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Aflillant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until 'Thursday the 31st Day of this Instant October: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 31 ft Day of this Instant

Parliament

further

prorogued.

[Index removed.]

